The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could adversely affect key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's IT systems or third-party providers' IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information, modification of critical data, and failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance and modernize its systems to guard against cyber-attacks and is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future incidents. The objective of these efforts is to protect against future cyber-attacks and improve the speed of recovery from such attacks. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company recognizes that the aggregate impact of cyber-attacks and network disruptions on its operations and financial condition has not been material to date, but it continues to be a target of such events. The company is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, including new and increasing data privacy regulations and enforcement, particularly in the EU and the United States. The company is also reliant on third parties for key aspects of its business, including support for its IT systems. The failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. The company has recognized that its IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to encompass the coordination of its assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company’s ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of its key products, which are supported by its IT capabilities. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient to cover its substantial research and development costs. The company is committed to ensuring that externally sourced programs remain an important component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy. The company is also focused on pursuing opportunities that have the potential to drive both near- and long-term growth. The company’s research and development model is designed to increase productivity and improve the probability of success by prioritizing its resources on candidates capable of providing unambiguous, promotable advantages to patients and payers. The company’s clinical pipeline includes candidates in multiple disease areas, including cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and other metabolic diseases, infectious diseases, neurosciences, pain, respiratory diseases, and vaccines, all of which are supported by its IT infrastructure and capabilities.