nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging due to the size, scope, complexity and geographical reach of nee's and fpl's business. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised, impacting their ability to fulfill critical business functions. the operation of nee and fpl's businesses requires the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. any such failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect their ability to process transactions and provide services. nee and fpl add, modify and replace information systems on a regular basis, and modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes. disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources. the companies' retail businesses require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business, and if a significant breach occurred, the reputation of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected, diminishing customer confidence and potentially leading to fines and legal claims. furthermore, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. nee's and fpl's business is influenced by various legislative and regulatory initiatives, including new or revised laws and regulations regarding deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry, which could increase costs and competitive pressures. the regulatory process limits or could adversely impact fpl's earnings, and any inability to recover costs in a timely manner could materially adversely affect their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the companies face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals, and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities. the ability of nee and fpl to proceed with projects under development and to complete construction of facilities on schedule may be adversely affected by escalating costs for materials and labor, regulatory compliance, and disputes involving contractors and governmental entities. the companies must address the effects of regulation on their business, and any failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. changes in the nature of the regulation of nee's and fpl's business could have a material adverse effect on their business. the companies are also exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates, and equity prices, which could materially adversely affect their financial results. credit risk is managed through established policies, including counterparty credit limits and credit enhancements. overall credit risk is overseen by the energy management committee, which is responsible for the overall approval of market risk management policies.