Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. We rely extensively on IT/OT systems, networks, and services, including internet and intranet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and technologies, physical security systems, and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, many of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. The various uses of these IT/OT systems include ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping products to customers, marketing and selling products to consumers, and managing our banking and other cash liquidity systems and platforms. We maintain an information and operational technology risk management program that is primarily supervised by information technology management and reviewed by internal cross-functional stakeholders. Despite our policies, procedures, and programs, including this IT/OT risk management program, we may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to which we are exposed. Numerous and evolving information security threats, including advanced persistent cybersecurity threats, pose a risk to the security of our services, systems, networks, and supply chain, as well as to the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and critical business operations. We assess potential threats and vulnerabilities and make investments seeking to address them, including ongoing monitoring and updating of networks and systems, increasing specialized information security skills, deploying employee security training, and updating security policies for the company and its third-party providers. Our IT/OT databases and systems and our third-party providers' databases and systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service attacks, phishing, social engineering, hacking, and other cyber-attacks. The costs and operational consequences of responding to these items and implementing remediation measures could be significant and could adversely impact our results. Our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change. We must also successfully respond to technological advances made by competitors. Failure to continually innovate, improve, and respond to competitive moves and changing consumer habits could compromise our competitive position and adversely impact our results. The company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and with brands that are structurally attractive and that play to P&G's strengths. Our strategic choices are focused on winning with consumers, and innovation has always been, and continues to be, P&G's lifeblood. We are driving productivity improvement across all elements of cost, including cost of goods sold, marketing and promotional expenses, and non-manufacturing overhead. Our ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. Our organizational structure is designed to support the effective coordination of our assets and internal processes, enhancing our IT capabilities to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands.