Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal and hosted information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures and cyber security attacks, such as computer viruses or unauthorized access. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. We may be impacted by the ability of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash among our subsidiaries due to currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and potentially adverse tax consequences, among other factors. Disruptions in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. While management continually reviews the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting that may occur in the future could result in misstatements or restatements of our financial statements or a decline in the price of our securities. Our business and operations are also subject to risks associated with our dependence on key personnel. We depend on the deep industry knowledge and the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees. While we believe that we are able to retain our key talent and find suitable employees to meet our needs, the loss of key personnel, any change in their roles or the limitation of their availability could adversely affect our business. Our ability to sell or contribute properties on advantageous terms is affected by competition from other owners of properties that are trying to dispose of their properties, market conditions, including the capitalization rates applicable to our properties, and other factors beyond our control. Our investments are concentrated in the logistics sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector. General economic conditions and other events or occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically concentrated may impact financial results. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties. We evaluate our business operations based on the NOI of our two operating segments: real estate operations and strategic capital. NOI by segment is a non-GAAP performance measure that is calculated using revenues and expenses directly from our financial statements. We consider NOI by segment to be an appropriate supplemental measure of our performance because it helps management and investors understand our operating results. We seek to minimize risks through geographic diversification of our portfolio, market research and our asset management capabilities, but these risks cannot be eliminated. Factors that may affect real estate values and cash flows include technological changes, such as reconfiguration of supply chains, autonomous vehicles, robotics, and other technologies.