Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions, and upgrades of communications technologies, including 5G; our customers' and licensees' sales of products and services based on these technologies; and customers' demand for our products and services. We depend on operators of wireless networks and our customers and licensees to adopt and implement the latest generation of these technologies for use in their networks, devices, and services. We also depend on our customers and licensees to develop devices and services based on these technologies with value-added features to drive consumer demand for new multimode devices, as well as single-mode devices, and to establish the selling prices for such devices. Our success depends in part on our ability to adapt to rapid technological changes and compete effectively; such changes and competition could result in decreased demand for our products or declining average selling prices for our products or those of our customers or licensees. Competition in wireless communications is affected by various factors, including device manufacturer concentrations, vertical integration, growth in demand, and evolving industry standards and business models. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications and the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and to drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products into the most popular device models and across a broad spectrum of devices. We expect our business to be impacted by increased concentration of device share among a few companies, particularly within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies. We continue to invest significant resources to develop our wireless baseband chipsets and our converged computing/communications chipsets, which incorporate advancements in 4G and 5G, connectivity, power management, and artificial intelligence. Our growth increasingly depends on our ability to extend our technologies, products, and services into new and expanded product areas, such as automotive, computing, IoT, and networking. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and licensing to sustain and grow our business long-term. Our research, development, and other investments in these new and expanded product areas and adjacent industry segments may not generate operating income or contribute to future results of operations that meet our expectations. We are subject to various laws, regulations, policies, and standards that could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business practices are under scrutiny from regulatory authorities, and unfavorable resolutions of ongoing investigations could materially impact our business. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our information technology systems, as third parties regularly attempt to gain unauthorized access to our systems, which could harm our competitive position and reduce the value of our investment in research and development.