Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. We believe our customers expect the same quality of service regardless of whether they visit a licensed or company-operated store, so we provide training and support to, and monitor the operations of, certain of these licensees and other business partners. We also rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, Starbucks cards, online business, delivery services, mobile technology, including mobile payments and ordering apps, reloads and loyalty functionality and various other processes and transactions, and many of these systems are interdependent on one another for their functionality. The success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our ability to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Many of our information technology systems also contain Starbucks proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business plans, product development initiatives and designs. We monitor the operations of certain of these business partners, but the product quality and service they deliver may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. The unauthorized access, use, theft or destruction of customer or employee personal, financial or other data or of Starbucks proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. We rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. Additionally, our systems hardware, software and services provided by third-party service providers are not fully redundant within a market or across our markets. Although we have operational safeguards in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available. If our incident response, disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues in an effective manner they could result in an interruption in our operations and could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations and our financial results. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. The specialty coffee market is intensely competitive, including with respect to product quality, innovation, service, convenience, such as delivery service and mobile ordering, and price, and we face significant and increasing competition in all these areas in each of our channels and markets. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our Americas operating segment, as it comprised approximately 69% of consolidated total net revenues in fiscal 2019. We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets in order to achieve our growth targets. Our future growth increasingly depends on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets. The performance of these international operations may be adversely affected by economic downturns in one or more of the countries in which our large market business units operate.