We must process, record and monitor a large number of transactions and our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. System interruptions, errors or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems and power failures and can have a significant impact on our business and operations. Our systems are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those used for asset management, capital planning and management, risk management, stress testing and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, cyber attacks, terrorist attacks, natural disaster, power outage, capacity constraints, software flaws, events impacting key business partners and vendors, and similar events. We have established a policy to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use. All models are registered in a centralized database and classified into different risk ratings depending on their potential financial, reputational, or regulatory impact to the company. The model risk rating determines the scope of model governance activities. Schwab's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident regardless of duration, Schwab maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans and a well-established incident management program. We have designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls and technologies to protect systems, client accounts and data. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement and other financial institutions to address potential threats. We use advanced monitoring systems to identify suspicious activity and deter unauthorized access by internal or external actors. We limit the number of employees who have access to clients' personal information and internal authentication measures are enforced to protect against the potential for social engineering. We also face risk related to external fraud involving the misappropriation and use of clients' user names, passwords or other personal information to gain access to clients' financial accounts at Schwab. This could occur from the compromise of clients' personal electronic devices or as a result of a data security breach at an unrelated company where clients' personal information is taken and then made available to fraudsters. Technology and operational failures or errors could subject us to losses, litigation, regulatory actions, and reputational damage. We rely on outsourced service providers to perform key functions. We rely on external service providers to perform certain key technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. These service providers face technology, operating, business, and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information, could cause us to incur losses and could harm Schwab's reputation. We also face risks associated with the integration of technology systems and operational processes in the context of strategic transactions, which may result in unforeseen expenditures as well as numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to integrate operational, financial, and management information systems and management controls. Our ability to develop and launch new and enhanced products, services, and capabilities, as well as implement infrastructure, in a timely and successful manner is critical to our competitive positioning and market responsiveness.