We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Competitive factors include technological innovation, e-business capabilities and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. To address this issue, we are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets and allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects. Our business could be adversely affected in the short term if our competitive relationship in the marketplace with certain of our large customers results in a discontinuation of their purchases from us. We are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or violation of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business. As part of our ongoing effort to upgrade our current information systems, we periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. When we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data or reduced functionality. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, phishing, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. We also rely on our information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. Any of the cyber-attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above, if significant, could materially interrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer, business partner and employee relationships and our reputation or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased cost for security and remediation. Our inability to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches may result in regulatory consequences in addition to business consequences. We are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. The company uses its non-U.S. cash for needs outside of the U.S. including acquisitions and repayment of acquisition-related intercompany debt to the U.S. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development, which is crucial for maintaining competitive advantage in rapidly changing markets.