item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking information the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" to encourage companies to provide prospective information, so long as those informational statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. we desire to take advantage of these provisions. this report contains cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected herein, and in any other statements made by company officials in communications with the financial community and contained in documents filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec). forward-looking statements are not based on historical information and relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. furthermore, forward-looking information is subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. in particular, statements containing words such as "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "goal," "objective," "may," "should," "estimate," "intends," "projects," "will," "assumes," "potential," "target", "outlook" or similar words as well as specific projections of future results, generally qualify as forward-looking. aflac undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements.
we caution readers that the following factors, in addition to other factors mentioned from time to time, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements:
•   difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy
•   limited availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments
•   ability to continue to develop and implement improvements in information technology systems
•   interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems
•   failure to comply with restrictions on patient privacy and information security
•   extensive regulation and changes in law or regulation by governmental authorities
•   defaults and credit downgrades of investments
•   ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates and employees
•   decline in creditworthiness of other financial institutions
•   subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends to aflac incorporated
•   inherent limitations to risk management policies and procedures
•   ability to effectively manage key executive succession
•   catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, acts of terrorism and damage incidental to such events
•   increased expenses and reduced profitability resulting from changes in assumptions for pension and other postretirement benefit plans
•   level and outcome of litigation
md&a overview management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to inform the reader about matters affecting the financial condition and results of operations of aflac incorporated and its subsidiaries for the three-year period ended december 31, 2016. as a result, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements and notes. this md&a is divided into the following sections:
•   critical accounting estimates
•   analysis of financial condition, including discussion of market risks of financial instruments
•   capital resources and liquidity, including discussion of availability of capital and the sources and uses of cash our business aflac incorporated (the parent company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the company) primarily sell supplemental health and life insurance in the united states and japan. the company's insurance business is marketed and administered through american family life assurance company of columbus (aflac), which operates in the united states (aflac u.s.) and as a branch in japan (aflac japan). most of aflac's policies are individually underwritten and marketed through independent agents. aflac u.s. also markets and administers group products through continental american insurance company (caic), branded as aflac group insurance. our insurance operations in the united states and our branch in japan service the two markets for our insurance business.
for more information on our business, see business, part i, item 1 of this report.
reflecting the stronger yen/dollar exchange rate, total revenues increased 8.1% to $22.6 billion in 2016, compared with $20.9 billion in 2015. net earnings in 2016 were $2.7 billion, or $6.42 per diluted share, compared with $2.5 billion, or $5.85 per diluted share, in 2015.
results for 2016 included pretax net realized investment losses of $123 million ($80 million after-tax), compared with net realized investment gains of $140 million ($91 million after-tax) in 2015. net investment losses in 2016 consisted of $215 million of net gains ($140 million after-tax) from the sale or redemption of securities; $83 million ($54 million after-tax) of other-than-temporary impairment losses; and $255 million of net losses ($166 million after-tax) from valuing derivatives.
shareholders' equity included a net unrealized gain on investment securities and derivatives of $4.8 billion at december 31, 2016, compared with a net unrealized gain of $3.0 billion at december 31, 2015.
in december 2016, the parent company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished $176 million principal of its 6.90% senior notes due 2039 and $193 million principal of its 6.45% senior notes due 2040. the pretax loss due to the early redemption of these notes was $137 million.
in september 2016, the parent company issued $700 million of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering and also entered into a 5.0 billion yen loan and a 25.0 billion yen loan. in september 2016, we extinguished 8.0 billion yen of 2.26% fixed rate uridashi notes upon their maturity and in july 2016, we extinguished 15.8 billion yen of 1.84% fixed rate samurai notes upon their maturity.
in october 2016, the parent company and aflac renewed a 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit that provides for borrowings in the amount of $100 million. in march 2016, the parent company entered into a three-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to 100.0 billion yen. for further information regarding these transactions, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the capital resources and liquidity section of this md&a.
we repurchased 21.6 million shares of our common stock in the open market for $1.4 billion under our share repurchase program in 2016, compared with 21.2 million shares repurchased in 2015.
critical accounting estimates we prepare our financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). these principles are established primarily by the financial accounting standards board (fasb). in this md&a, references to u.s. gaap issued by the fasb are derived from the fasb accounting standards codificationtm (asc). the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires us to make estimates based on currently available information when recording transactions resulting from business operations. the estimates that we deem to be most critical to an understanding of aflac's results of operations and financial condition are those related to the valuation of investments and derivatives, deferred policy acquisition costs (dac), liabilities for future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, and income taxes. the preparation and evaluation of these critical accounting estimates involve the use of various assumptions developed from management's analyses and judgments. the application of these critical accounting estimates determines the values at which 93% of our assets and 78% of our liabilities are reported as of december 31, 2016, and thus has a direct effect on net earnings and shareholders' equity. subsequent experience or use of other assumptions could produce significantly different results.
investments and derivatives aflac's investments, primarily consisting of debt, perpetual and equity securities, include both publicly issued and privately issued securities. for publicly issued securities, we determine the fair values from quoted market prices readily available from public exchange markets and price quotes and valuations from third party pricing vendors. for the majority of privately issued securities within our investment portfolio, a third party pricing vendor has developed valuation models that we utilize to determine fair values. for the remaining privately issued securities, we use non-binding price quotes from outside brokers.
we estimate the fair values of our securities on a monthly basis. we monitor the estimated fair values obtained from our custodian, pricing vendors and brokers for consistency from month to month, while considering current market conditions. we also periodically discuss with our custodian and pricing brokers and vendors the pricing techniques they use to monitor the consistency of their approach and periodically assess the appropriateness of the valuation level assigned to the values obtained from them. if a fair value appears unreasonable, we will re-examine the inputs and assess the reasonableness of the pricing data with the vendor. additionally, we may compare the inputs to relevant market indices and other performance measurements. the output of this analysis is presented to the company's valuation and classifications subcommittee (vcs). based on the analysis provided to the vcs, the valuation is confirmed or may be revised if there is evidence of a more appropriate estimate of fair value based on available market data. we have performed verification of the inputs and calculations in any valuation models to confirm that the valuations represent reasonable estimates of fair value.
we also routinely review our investments that have experienced declines in fair value to determine if the decline is other than temporary. the identification of distressed investments, the determination of fair value if not publicly traded and the assessment of whether a decline is other than temporary involve significant management judgment. we must apply considerable judgment in determining the likelihood of the security recovering in value while we own it. factors that may influence this include our assessment of the issuer's ability to continue making timely payments of interest and principal, the overall level of interest rates and credit spreads, and other factors. this process requires consideration of risks, which can be controlled to a certain extent, such as credit risk, and risks which cannot be controlled, such as interest rate risk. management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects impairment losses in the company's net earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on the nature of the loss, as such evaluations are revised.
our derivative activities include foreign currency, interest rate and credit default swaps in variable interest entities (vies) that are consolidated; foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures; foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk and options on interest rate swaps (or interest rate swaptions) used in hedging interest rate risk on u.s. dollar-denominated securities in aflac japan's
portfolio; and foreign currency forwards and options used to economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen. inputs used to value derivatives include, but are not limited to, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency forward and spot rates, and interest volatility. with the exception of the derivatives associated with our vie investments, the fair values of the derivatives referenced above are based on the amounts we would expect to receive or pay to terminate the derivatives. for derivatives associated with vies where we are the primary beneficiary, we receive valuations from a third party pricing vendor.
see notes 1, 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
deferred policy acquisition costs and policy liabilities insurance premiums for most of the company's health and life policies, including cancer, accident, hospital, critical illness, dental, vision, term life, whole life, long-term care and disability, are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. when revenues are reported, the related amounts of benefits and expenses are charged against such revenues, so that profits are recognized in proportion to premium revenues during the period the policies are expected to remain in force. this association is accomplished by means of annual additions to the liability for future policy benefits and the deferral and subsequent amortization of policy acquisition costs.
premiums from the company's products with limited-pay features, including term life, whole life, ways, and child endowment, are collected over a significantly shorter period than the period over which benefits are provided. premiums for these products are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. any gross premium in excess of the net premium is deferred and recorded in earnings, such that profits are recognized in a constant relationship with insurance in force. benefits are recorded as an expense when they are incurred. a liability for future policy benefits is recorded when premiums are recognized using the net premium method.
deferred policy acquisition costs the calculation of dac and the liability for future policy benefits requires the use of estimates based on sound actuarial valuation techniques. for new policy issues, we review our actuarial assumptions and deferrable acquisition costs each year and revise them when necessary to more closely reflect recent experience and studies of actual acquisition costs. for policies in force, we evaluate dac by major product groupings to determine that they are recoverable from future revenues, and any amounts determined not to be recoverable are charged against net earnings. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a detail of the dac activity for the past two years.
policy liabilities the following table provides details of policy liabilities by segment and in total as of december 31.
policy liabilities
future policy benefits                       $68,291             $62,244
other policy liabilities                      13,457              14,023
total japan policy liabilities               $84,141             $78,460
future policy benefits                        $8,442              $8,087
other policy liabilities                         118                 119
total u.s. policy liabilities                $10,212              $9,815
future policy benefits                       $76,106             $69,687
other policy liabilities                      13,575              14,142
total consolidated policy liabilities(1)     $93,726             $87,631
(1) the sum of the japan and u.s. segments exceeds the total due to reinsurance and retrocession activity.
our policy liabilities, which are determined in accordance with applicable guidelines as defined under u.s. gaap and actuarial standards of practice, include two components that involve analysis and judgment: future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, which accounted for 81% and 4% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2016, respectively.
future policy benefits provide for claims that will occur in the future and are generally calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be incurred less the present value of future expected net benefit premiums. we calculate future policy benefits based on assumptions of morbidity, mortality, persistency and interest. these assumptions are generally established at the time a policy is issued. the assumptions used in the calculations are closely related to those used in developing the gross premiums for a policy. as required by u.s. gaap, we also include a provision for adverse deviation, which is intended to accommodate adverse fluctuations in actual experience.
unpaid policy claims include those claims that have been incurred and are in the process of payment as well as an estimate of those claims that have been incurred but have not yet been reported to us. we compute unpaid policy claims on a non-discounted basis using statistical analyses of historical claims payments, adjusted for current trends and changed conditions. we update the assumptions underlying the estimate of unpaid policy claims regularly and incorporate our historical experience as well as other data that provides information regarding our outstanding liability.
our insurance products provide fixed-benefit amounts per occurrence that are not subject to medical-cost inflation. furthermore, our business is widely dispersed in both the united states and japan. this geographic dispersion and the nature of our benefit structure mitigate the risk of a significant unexpected increase in claims payments due to epidemics and events of a catastrophic nature. claims incurred under aflac's policies are generally reported and paid in a relatively short time frame. the unpaid claims liability is sensitive to morbidity assumptions, in particular, severity and frequency of claims. severity is the ultimate size of a claim, and frequency is the number of claims incurred. our claims experience is primarily related to the demographics of our policyholders.
as a part of our established financial reporting and accounting practices and controls, we perform detailed annual actuarial reviews of our policyholder liabilities (gross premium valuation analysis) and reflect the results of those reviews in our results of operations and financial condition as required by u.s. gaap. for aflac japan, our annual reviews in 2016 and 2015 indicated that we needed to strengthen the liability associated with a block of care policies, primarily due to low investment yields. we strengthened our future policy benefits liability by $52 and $18 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively, as a result of these reviews. our review in 2014 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in japan. our reviews in 2016, 2015 and 2014 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in the united states.
the table below reflects the growth of the future policy benefits liability for the years ended december 31.
future policy benefits
the growth of the future policy benefits liability in yen for aflac japan and in dollars for aflac u.s. has been due to the aging of our in-force block of business and the addition of new business.
in computing the estimate of unpaid policy claims, we consider many factors, including the benefits and amounts available under the policy; the volume and demographics of the policies exposed to claims; and internal business practices, such as incurred date assignment and current claim administrative practices. we monitor these conditions closely and make adjustments to the liability as actual experience emerges. claim levels are generally stable from period to period; however, fluctuations in claim levels may occur. in calculating the unpaid policy claim liability, we do not calculate a range of estimates. the following table shows the expected sensitivity of the unpaid policy claims liability as of december 31, 2016, to changes in severity and frequency of claims.
sensitivity of unpaid policy claims liability
(in millions)                                                                                                total severity total frequency   decrease               decrease               unchanged                       increase               increase by 2%                  by 1%                                                     by 1%                  by 2%
other policy liabilities, which accounted for 15% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2016, consisted primarily of discounted advance premiums on deposit from policyholders in conjunction with their purchase of certain aflac japan insurance products. these advanced premiums are deferred upon collection and recognized as premium revenue over the contractual premium payment period. advanced premiums represented 38% and 43% of the december 31, 2016 and 2015 other policy liabilities balances, respectively. see the aflac japan segment subsection of this md&a for further information.
income taxes income tax provisions are generally based on pretax earnings reported for financial statement purposes, which differ from those amounts used in preparing our income tax returns. deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which we expect the temporary differences to reverse. the evaluation of a tax position in accordance with u.s. gaap is a two-step process. under the first step, the enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. the second step is measurement, whereby a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. a valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that an amount will not be realized. the determination of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets requires management to make certain judgments and assumptions.
in evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our management considers all available evidence, including taxable income in open carry back years, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years, forecasted earnings, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, future taxable temporary difference reversals, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event we determine it is not more likely than not that we will be able to realize all or part of our deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. likewise, if it is later determined that it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets would be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed. future economic conditions and market volatility, including increases in interest rates or widening credit spreads, can adversely impact the company's tax planning strategies and in particular the company's ability to utilize tax benefits on previously recognized capital losses. our judgments and assumptions are subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future performance and specific industry and investment market conditions.
interest rates and credit spreads in both the united states and japan are not the only factors that impact the company's unrealized gain/loss position and the evaluation of a need for a valuation allowance on the company's deferred tax asset, but they do have a direct and significant effect on both. based on our methodology described above for evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, we have determined that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized in the future, therefore we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of december 31, 2016.
see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
new accounting pronouncements during the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on our financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
results of operations the following discussion includes references to our performance measures, operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share, which are not calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. these measures exclude items that we believe may obscure the underlying fundamentals and trends in our insurance operations because they tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or related to infrequent activities not directly associated with our insurance operations. our management uses operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share to evaluate the financial performance of our insurance operations on a consolidated basis, and we believe that a presentation of these measures is vitally important to an understanding of our underlying profitability drivers and trends of our insurance business.
aflac defines operating earnings (a non-u.s. gaap financial measure) as the profits derived from operations. operating earnings includes interest cash flows associated with notes payable but excludes items that cannot be predicted or that are outside of management's control, such as realized investment gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, and derivative and hedging activities; nonrecurring items; and other non-operating income (loss) from net earnings. aflac's derivative activities are primarily used to hedge foreign exchange and interest rate risk in our investment portfolio as well as manage foreign exchange risk for certain notes payable and forecasted cash flows denominated in yen. we define operating earnings per share (basic or dilutive) to be operating earnings for the period divided by the average outstanding shares (basic or dilutive) for the period presented.
because a significant portion of our business is conducted in japan and foreign exchange rates are outside of management's control, we believe it is important to understand the impact of translating japanese yen into u.s. dollars. operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted shares excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average yen/dollar exchange rate for the comparable prior year period, which eliminates dollar based fluctuations driven solely from currency rate changes.
the following table is a reconciliation of items impacting operating earnings, net earnings, operating earnings per diluted share, and net earnings per diluted share to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures for the years ended december 31.
items impacting net earnings:
securities transactions and impairments                (132   )            (150   )              (184   )       (.32      )       (.35      )       (.40      )
impact of derivative and hedging activities:
other derivative and hedging activities (1),(2)         154                  23                   (22   )   .37               .05                   (.05      )
income tax (benefit) expense on items excluded          (83   )             (74   )                84           (.20      )       (.17      )   .18
(3) includes a loss of $20 in 2015 related to the change in value of yen repatriation received in advance of settlement of certain foreign currency derivatives. this loss was offset by derivative gains included in other derivative and hedging activities.
realized investment gains and losses our investment strategy is to invest primarily in fixed-maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the company's growth and profitability. this investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching (alm) to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. we do not purchase securities with the intent of generating capital gains or losses. however, investment gains and losses may be realized as a result of changes in the financial markets and the creditworthiness of specific issuers, tax planning strategies, and/or general portfolio management and rebalancing. the realization of investment gains and losses is independent of the underwriting and administration of our insurance products, which are the principal drivers of our profitability.
securities transactions and impairments during 2016, we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $215 million ($140 million after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. these net gains were primarily related to foreign currency gains on sale and redemption activities as well as gains related to call activity on previously impaired securities. we realized pretax investment losses of $83 million ($54 million after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities.
during 2015, we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $303 million ($197 million after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. these net gains primarily resulted from sales of japanese government bonds (jgbs) as part of a portfolio repositioning exercise. we realized pretax investment losses of $153 million ($100 million after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities. investment losses were primarily related to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment loss on a single holding.
during 2014, we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $215 million ($140 million after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. these net gains primarily resulted from gains on sales of jgbs and our u.s. treasury holdings, currency gains from transactions by our externally managed portfolio of u.s. dollar-denominated bank loans, and assorted
other bond sales and calls. we realized pretax investment losses of $31 million ($20 million after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more details on these investment activities.
impact of derivative and hedging activities our derivative instruments include foreign currency swaps and credit default swaps held in consolidated vies; foreign currency forwards and options, interest rate swaptions and futures on certain fixed-maturity securities; foreign currency forwards and options that economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen; and foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures. during 2016, we realized pretax investment losses, net of gains, of $255 million, compared with pretax investment losses, net of gains, of $10 million in 2015 and pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $31 million in 2014 as a result of valuing these derivatives, net of the effects of hedge accounting. for a description of other items that could be included in the impact of derivative and hedging activities, see the hedging activities subsection of md&a and note 4 of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
hedge costs our reconciliation of net earnings to operating earnings table above includes a line item related to the costs incurred in using foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of the foreign currency exchange risk on the u.s. dollar-denominated assets in aflac japan's investment portfolio. these hedge costs are derived from the difference between the foreign currency spot rate at time of trade inception and the contractual foreign currency forward rate. for our non-u.s. gaap reporting disclosures, we have historically reported the total hedge costs of these contracts in the period in which the foreign currency forward was executed. beginning in 2016, we changed our non-u.s. gaap reporting for these hedge costs by amortizing them evenly over the life of the foreign currency forward contracts. we believe amortizing the hedge costs over the life of these contracts provides a better measure of our non-u.s. gaap results as compared to our historical methodology. in 2016, we began increasing the duration of the foreign currency forward contracts used to hedge our u.s. dollar-denominated assets in aflac japan's investment portfolio to cover periods extending beyond one year. therefore, recognizing these costs over the extended hedging periods provides a better measure of our costs, and better reflects the economics of how hedge costs emerge over the life of the hedge. the table below summarizes the impact of our change in hedge cost reporting methodology:
for additional information regarding realized investment gains and losses, see notes 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other and non-recurring items the company includes the accounting impacts of remeasurement associated with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate as an other non-operating item. during 2016, we recognized a foreign currency gain of $109 million due to a temporary sizable u.s. dollar cash balance and cash settlements of u.s. dollar-denominated investment transactions within the japan segment. in december 2016, the parent company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished $176 million principal of its 6.90% senior notes due 2039 and $193 million principal of its 6.45% senior notes due 2040. the pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was $137 million. during 2015, the make-whole premium paid to the investors of our 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes for the early redemption of those notes was recorded as a $230 million pretax non-operating loss. we consider the costs associated with the early redemption of our debt to be unrelated to the underlying fundamentals and trends in our insurance operations. additionally, these costs are driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to the issuance of the debt, and we consider these interest rate changes to represent economic conditions not directly associated with our insurance operations.
foreign currency translation aflac japan's premiums and approximately half of its investment income are received in yen. claims and most expenses are paid in yen, and we purchase yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. these and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into dollars for financial reporting purposes. we translate aflac japan's yen-denominated income statement into dollars using an average exchange rate for the reporting period, and we translate its yen-denominated balance sheet using the exchange rate at the end of the period.
income taxes our combined u.s. and japanese effective income tax rate on pretax earnings was 34.6% in 2016, 34.4% in 2015 and 34.3% in 2014. total income taxes were $1.4 billion in 2016, compared with $1.3 billion in 2015 and $1.5 billion in 2014. japanese income taxes on aflac japan's results account for most of our consolidated income tax expense. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
2017 outlook our objective in 2017 is to maintain our strong capital position while producing stable earnings and strong cash flows. we believe that our market-leading position, powerful brand recognition and diverse distribution in japan and the united states will provide support toward this objective. in 2017, we expect the low-interest rate environment to continue in japan, and we will continue to monitor these and other economic conditions as we execute on our plans for sales, investments and capital management.
we believe that our efforts will continue our prudent strategies for capital deployment, as well as our ongoing commitment to customer service, product innovation and distribution enhancement.
insurance operations aflac's insurance business consists of two segments: aflac japan and aflac u.s. aflac japan, which operates as a branch of aflac, is the principal contributor to consolidated earnings. u.s. gaap financial reporting requires that a company report financial and descriptive information about operating segments in its annual and interim period financial statements. furthermore, we are required to report a measure of segment profit or loss, certain revenue and expense items, and segment assets.
we evaluate our sales efforts using new annualized premium sales, an industry operating measure. new annualized premium sales, which include both new sales and the incremental increase in premiums due to conversions, represent the premiums that we would collect over a 12-month period, assuming the policies remain in force. for aflac japan, new annualized premium sales are determined by applications submitted during the reporting period. for aflac u.s., new annualized premium sales are determined by applications that are issued during the reporting period. premium income, or earned premiums, is a financial performance measure that reflects collected or due premiums that have been earned ratably on policies in force during the reporting period.
aflac japan segment aflac japan pretax operating earnings changes in aflac japan's pretax operating earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
benefits and claims, net                                9,828                8,705               10,084
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs         644                  578                  649
total benefits and expenses                            12,797               11,338               13,097
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
annualized premiums in force at december 31, 2016, were 1.61 trillion yen, compared with 1.62 trillion yen in 2015 and 1.59 trillion yen in 2014. the decrease in annualized premiums in force in yen of .7% in 2016 reflects the net effect of sales of new policies combined with limited-pay policies becoming paid-up and the persistency of aflac japan's business.
the increases in annualized premiums in force in yen of 1.5% in 2015 and 1.7% in 2014 reflect the sales of new policies combined with the high persistency of aflac japan's business. annualized premiums in force, translated into dollars at respective year-end exchange rates, were $13.8 billion in 2016, $13.4 billion in 2015, and $13.2 billion in 2014.
aflac japan's investment portfolios include u.s. dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities (yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments). u.s. dollar-denominated investment income from these assets accounted for approximately 47% of aflac japan's investment income in 2016, compared with 50% in 2015 and 46% in 2014. in years when the yen strengthens in relation to the dollar, translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen lowers growth rates for net investment income, total operating revenues, and pretax operating earnings in yen terms. in years when the yen weakens, translating u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen magnifies growth rates for net investment income, total operating revenues, and pretax operating earnings in yen terms. excluding foreign currency changes from the respective prior year (a non-u.s. gaap measure), u.s. dollar-denominated investment income accounted for approximately 50% of aflac japan's investment income during 2016, compared with 46% in 2015 and 44% in 2014.
the following table illustrates the effect of translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income and related items into yen by comparing certain segment results with those that would have been reported had yen/dollar exchange rates remained unchanged from the prior year. in order to compare the current year to the prior year without the impact of foreign currency, the current year's income statement is translated at the prior year's average exchange rate.
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
(2)amounts excluding foreign currency impact on u.s. dollar-denominated items (a non-u.s. gaap measure) were determined using the same yen/dollar exchange rate for the current year as each respective prior year.
benefits and claims, net                            60.9   %       60.0   %      60.9   %
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs    4.0            4.0           3.9
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
in 2016, the benefit ratio increased primarily due to the effects of foreign currency translation and reserve strengthening on a block of care policies, and the operating expense ratio increased primarily due to activities related to sales promotions, it infrastructure enhancement and personnel. in total, the pretax operating profit margin decreased in 2016, compared with 2015, reflecting the effect of the stronger yen and the increase in the benefit and expense ratios. for 2017, we anticipate the pretax operating profit margin to remain stable.
the foundation of aflac japan's product portfolio has been, and continues to be, our third sector cancer and medical insurance products. sales of third sector products on a yen basis increased 4.1% in 2016, compared with 2015. we have been focusing more on promotion of our cancer and medical insurance products in this low-interest-rate environment. these products are less interest-rate sensitive and more profitable compared to first sector products.
cancer insurance sales on a yen basis were up 8.5% in 2016, compared with 2015. aflac japan enhanced its medical insurance product with new riders in june 2015. this revision provides better protection against critical diseases such as cancer, heart attack and stroke. our 2016 sales results also benefited from the launch of a new income support insurance product in mid-july. this product provides fixed-benefit amounts in the event that a policyholder is unable to work due to significant illness or injury and was developed to supplement the disability coverage within japan's social security system. this product targets young to middle-aged consumers, and by focusing our efforts on this demographic, we believe we are building relationships that lay the groundwork for the sale of our cancer and medical insurance later in life to the income support policyholders. with continued cost pressure on japan's health care system, we expect the need for third sector products will continue to rise in the future, and we remain convinced that the medical and cancer insurance products aflac japan provides will continue to be an important part of our product portfolio.
as a result of the interest rate policy in japan, we took significant actions to limit sales of certain of aflac japan's first sector products, including ways and child endowment. those actions gained traction in mid-2016 as first sector product sales were down 26.1% on a yen basis for the year, compared with 2015. we expect that for 2017, this deliberate trend will continue, and our focus will remain on less interest-sensitive third sector products.
independent corporate agencies and individual agencies contributed 46.7% of total new annualized premium sales for aflac japan in 2016, compared with 47.0% in 2015 and 46.1% in 2014. affiliated corporate agencies, which include japan post, contributed 44.4% of total new annualized premium sales in 2016, compared with 38.1% in 2015 and 32.4% in 2014. in 2016, we recruited approximately 200 new sales agencies. at december 31, 2016, aflac japan was represented by approximately 12,100 sales agencies, with more than 108,700 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies.
at december 31, 2016, we had agreements to sell our products at 372 banks, approximately 90% of the total number of banks in japan. bank channel sales contributed 8.9% of aflac japan new annualized premium sales in 2016, compared with 14.9% in 2015 and 21.5% in 2014.
japan post has expanded the number of post offices that offer aflac's cancer insurance products from 10,000 in the fourth quarter of 2014 to more than 20,000 postal outlets as of july 2015. we believe this alliance with japan post has and will further benefit our cancer insurance sales.
japanese regulatory environment in june 2013, a revision to the financial instruments and exchange act established a post-funded orderly resolution regime for financial institutions to prevent a financial crisis in the event of a financial institution's failure. this regime came into effect in march 2014 and has not had, and is not expected to have, a material impact on the company's operations in japan.
as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac japan invests in u.s. dollar-denominated investments. aflac japan has been investing in both publicly-traded and privately originated u.s. dollar-denominated investment grade and below investment grade fixed-maturity securities and loans, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the u.s. dollar investments. in 2015, aflac japan increased its allocation to u.s. dollar-denominated investments, including senior secured bank loans and high yield corporate bonds, and initiated a commercial mortgage loan investment program. in 2016, aflac japan began investing in senior secured commercial mortgage loans and middle market loans, and later during the fourth quarter initiated an infrastructure debt program. in 2016, aflac japan invested an additional $535 million in bank loans, $750 million in commercial mortgage loans, $76 million in middle market loans, and $13 million in infrastructure debt. as of december 31, 2016, aflac japan had $19 million and $476 million in outstanding commitments to fund commercial mortgage loans and middle market loans, respectively. these commitments are contingent upon final underwriting and due diligence to be performed on the commercial mortgage loans and the availability of middle market loans that meet underwriting criteria. in addition, starting in the first quarter of 2016, aflac japan initiated an allocation to a dividend-focused u.s. public equity securities program. in 2016, aflac japan invested $637 million in u.s. public equities, which are classified as available for sale and carried on the balance sheet at fair value. beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the company began hedging the currency risk on the carrying value of u.s. dollar-denominated bank loans, commercial mortgage loans, and equity securities through the use of foreign currency forwards.
our yen-denominated private placement portfolio has declined over the last several years as a result of call and maturity activity and no reinvestment activity. however, beginning in 2016 we began to selectively purchase yen-denominated private placements, which resulted in $268 million of purchases for the full year.
starting in 2015, aflac japan added investments in dividend-focused yen-denominated publicly traded equity securities, including investments in exchange traded funds (etfs) holding japan real estate investment trusts. in 2016, aflac japan invested $258 million in yen-denominated publicly traded equity securities, which are classified as available for sale and carried on the balance sheet at fair value.
see the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a for further discussion of these investment programs, and see notes 1, 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding loans and loan receivables.
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, securities lending, and other securities transactions. securities lending is also used from time to time to accelerate the availability of funds for investment. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to our investment policy guidelines. aflac japan purchased debt security investments at an aggregate acquisition cost of approximately 1.0 trillion yen in 2016 (approximately $9.1 billion), 663.6 billion yen in 2015 (approximately $5.5 billion) and 1.0 trillion yen in 2014 (approximately $10.0 billion).
(2) includes fixed maturities and perpetual securities, loan receivables, and equities
(3) number reflected on a quarterly average basis on january 1, 2016, the company revised its definition of purchases to include the reinvestment of proceeds related to unplanned sale activity. new purchases include all purchases related to fixed maturities and perpetuals, loan receivables, and equities. securities lending/repurchase agreement activity and capital contributions to alternatives are excluded. the definition of new money yield has also been revised to reflect this change. yields for equities are based on the assumed dividend yield at the time of purchase. historical amounts have been revised to reflect the new definitions.
the decrease in the aflac japan new money yield in 2016 was primarily due to the increased allocation to japan government bonds (jgbs) and other high quality yen-denominated investments, as well as lower u.s. and japan interest rates during much of the investment period.
the following table presents the composition of total investments by sector, at cost or amortized cost, and cash for aflac japan ($91.9 billion in 2016 and $85.1 billion in 2015) as of december 31.
composition of portfolio by sector
debt and perpetual securities, at amortized cost:
banks/financial institutions(1)                       9.6   %      11.5   %
municipalities                                         .9            .8
public utilities                                      8.3           8.9
mortgage- and asset-backed securities                 1.3            .5
total debt and perpetual securities                  96.2          98.2
equity securities                                     1.2            .5
(1)includes 1.4% and 1.9% of perpetual securities at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively
(2)includes .2% of perpetual securities at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively our highest sector concentration is in government and agencies. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of md&a for more information regarding the sector concentrations of our investments.
yen-denominated debt and perpetual securities accounted for 76.1% of aflac japan's total debt and perpetual securities at december 31, 2016, compared with 72.8% at december 31, 2015, at amortized cost.
the overall credit quality of aflac japan's investments remained high. at the end of 2016, 94.8% of aflac japan's debt and perpetual securities were rated investment grade, on an amortized cost basis.
see notes 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a for additional information on our investments and hedging strategies.
aflac u.s. segment aflac u.s. pretax operating earnings changes in aflac u.s. pretax operating earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
benefits and claims                                     2,869               2,873               2,853
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs         497                 488                 459
total benefits and expenses                             4,959               4,932               4,786
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
annualized premiums in force increased 2.4% in 2016, 1.6% in 2015 and 1.8% in 2014. annualized premiums in force at december 31 were $5.9 billion in 2016, compared with $5.8 billion in 2015 and $5.7 billion in 2014.
benefits and claims                                 46.5   %       47.6   %      48.7   %
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs    8.1            8.1           7.8
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
the benefit ratio decreased in 2016, compared with 2015, due to a mix of business changes and continued favorable claims experience. the operating expense ratio remained relatively stable in 2016, compared with 2015. in total, the pretax operating profit margin improved in 2016, compared with 2015, due to lower benefit ratios. in 2017, we expect the benefit and expense ratios to remain relatively stable.
short-term disability      23.5   %       23.2     %      22.4   %
critical care (1)          22.1           21.9            21.4
hospital indemnity         14.8           14.6            16.4
(1) includes cancer, critical illness and hospital intensive care products new annualized premium sales for accident insurance, our leading product category, decreased 1.5%, short-term disability sales increased .9%, critical care insurance sales (including cancer insurance) increased .4%, and hospital indemnity insurance sales increased .7% in 2016, compared with 2015.
the addition of group products has expanded our reach and enabled us to generate more sales opportunities with larger employers, brokers, and our traditional sales agents. we anticipate that the appeal of our group products will continue to enhance our opportunities to connect with larger businesses and their employees. our portfolio of group and individual products offers businesses the opportunity to give their employees a more valuable and comprehensive selection of benefit options.
in 2016, our traditional u.s. sales forces included more than 9,000 u.s. associates who were actively producing business on a weekly basis. we believe that the average weekly producer equivalent metric allows our sales management to monitor progress and needs. in 2016, sales through employers with less than 100 workers were relatively flat. in 2017, we will continue to focus our career sales agents on selling to this segment.
beyond expanding the size and capabilities of our traditional sales force, we remain encouraged about establishing and developing relationships with insurance brokers that typically handle the larger-case market. broker sales to groups with 1,000 or more employees experienced double-digit percentage growth in 2016.
we believe that changes we have made to our career and broker management infrastructure since 2014 have provided a platform for expanded long-term growth opportunities. during 2014, aflac u.s. implemented tactical initiatives centered around providing competitive compensation to our career agent sales hierarchy and positioning us to more effectively and consistently execute on the u.s. sales strategy across all states. these measures were designed to more effectively link sales management's success to aflac's success. for example, we enhanced compensation through an incentive bonus for the first level of our sales management, district sales coordinators, who are primarily responsible for selling aflac products and training new sales associates. additionally, we eliminated the commission-based position of state sales coordinator. to better manage our state operations, we introduced the new position of market director, effective october 1, 2014. market directors are salaried with the opportunity to earn sales-related bonuses. we believe these changes have enhanced and will continue to enhance performance management and better align compensation with new business results.
one day paysm is a claims initiative that we have focused on at aflac u.s. to process, approve and pay eligible claims in just one day. we believe that this claims practice enhances our brand reputation and the trust our policyholders have in aflac, and it helps aflac stand out from competitors.
our products provide cash benefits that can be used to help with increasing out-of-pocket medical expenses, help cover household costs, or protect against income and asset loss. our group products and relationships with insurance brokers that handle the larger-case market are helping us as we expand our reach selling to larger businesses. we are regularly evaluating the marketplace to identify opportunities to bring the most relevant, cost-effective products to our customers. we believe the need for our products remains very strong, and we continue to work on enhancing our distribution capabilities to access employers of all sizes, including initiatives that benefit our field force and the broker community. at the same time, we are seeking opportunities to leverage our brand strength and attractive product portfolio in the evolving health care environment.
u.s. regulatory environment the affordable care act (aca), federal health care reform legislation, is intended to give americans of all ages and income levels access to comprehensive major medical health insurance and gave the u.s. federal government direct regulatory authority over the business of health insurance. the reform included major changes to the u.s. health care insurance marketplace. among other changes, the reform legislation included an individual medical insurance coverage mandate, provided for penalties on certain employers for failing to provide adequate coverage, created health insurance exchanges, and addressed coverage and exclusions as well as medical loss ratios. it also imposed an excise tax on certain high cost plans, known as the "cadillac tax," that is currently scheduled to begin in 2020. the legislation also included changes in government reimbursements and tax credits for individuals and employers and alters federal and state regulation of health insurers. at this time it is unclear whether implementation of the aca will continue. while the aca was enacted in 2010, the major elements of the law became effective on january 1, 2014. we believe that the aca, as enacted, does not require material changes in the design of our insurance products. however, indirect consequences of the legislation and regulations could present challenges and/or opportunities that could potentially have an impact on our sales model, financial condition and results of operations.
title vii of the dodd-frank act and regulations issued thereunder, in particular rules to require central clearing and collateral for certain types of derivatives, may have an impact on aflac's derivative activity, including activity on behalf of aflac japan. in 2015 and 2016, six u.s. financial regulators, including the u.s. commodity futures trading commission (cftc), issued final rules that impose greater obligations on swap dealers regarding uncleared swaps with certain counterparties, such as aflac. such rules, as well as similar regulations in europe, become effective on march 1, 2017 and may result in more stringent collateral requirements or affect other aspects of aflac's derivatives activity.
the dodd-frank act also established a federal insurance office (fio) under the u.s. treasury department to monitor all aspects of the insurance industry and of lines of business other than certain health insurance, certain long-term care insurance and crop insurance. traditionally, u.s. insurance companies have been regulated primarily by state insurance departments. in december 2013, the fio released a report entitled "how to modernize and improve the system of insurance regulation in the united states." the report was required by the dodd-frank act, and included 18 recommended areas of near-term reform for the states, including addressing capital adequacy and safety/soundness issues, reform of insurer resolution practices, and reform of marketplace regulation. the report also listed nine recommended areas for direct federal involvement in insurance regulation. some of the recommendations outlined in the fio report released in december 2013 have been implemented. the national association of registered agents and brokers reform act, signed into law in january 2015, simplifies the agent and broker licensing process across state lines. the fio has also engaged with the supervisory colleges to monitor financial stability and identify regulatory gaps for large national and internationally active insurers. the new presidential administration in the united states and congress have stated proposals to reform or repeal certain provisions of the dodd-frank act. we cannot predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, such proposals will have on our u.s. business, financial condition, or results of operations.
under state insurance guaranty association laws and similar laws in international jurisdictions, we are subject to assessments, based on the share of business we write in the relevant jurisdiction, for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. in the united states, some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. the company's policy is to accrue assessments when the entity for which the insolvency relates has met its state of domicile's statutory definition of insolvency, the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable and the related premium upon which the assessment is based is written. in most states, the definition is met with a declaration of financial insolvency by a court of competent jurisdiction.
penn treaty network company and its subsidiary american network insurance company (collectively referred to as penn treaty) is a financially distressed long-term care insurance company, with no affiliation to us. penn treaty was placed in rehabilitation on january 6, 2009, and remained in rehabilitation as of december 31, 2016. under state laws, health insurers will be assessed a share of the guarantee funds needed to protect penn treaty's policyholders. this charge will be funded over several years and the cash will be largely recovered through premium tax credits over time. current accounting practice only allows this charge to be recognized when a final court order of liquidation is declared, a condition that had not been met as of december 31, 2016. we expect to accrue a charge of between $10 million and $20 million, in future periods, for our portion of the assessment.
historically, aflac u.s. has invested primarily in investment grade corporate bonds. in 2015, as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. purchased high yield corporate bonds and senior secured middle market loan receivables and initiated a senior secured commercial mortgage loan investment program. in addition, in the fourth quarter of 2016, aflac u.s. initiated an infrastructure debt program. in 2016, aflac u.s. invested $18 million in high yield corporate bonds; $207 million in middle market loan receivables, of which $41 million was unfunded; $111 million in commercial mortgage loans; and $2 million in infrastructure debt. as of december 31, 2016, the company had $303 million in outstanding commitments to fund potential future loan originations related to the middle market loan investment program. this commitment is contingent upon the availability of middle market loans that meet underwriting criteria. see notes 1 and 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding loans and loans receivables.
starting in the first quarter of 2016, the company initiated an allocation to dividend-focused u.s. public equity securities. the u.s. public equity securities portfolio had a cost basis of $155 million as of december 31, 2016.
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, and other securities transactions. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives, including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to our investment policy guidelines. aflac u.s. purchased debt, equity, and loan receivable investments at an aggregate acquisition cost of approximately $1.1 billion in 2016, compared with $900 million in 2015 and $1.0 billion in 2014.
(1) includes fixed maturities and perpetual securities, loan receivables, and equities
the following table presents the composition of total investments by sector, at cost or amortized cost, and cash for aflac u.s. ($14.1 billion in 2016 and $13.7 billion in 2015) as of december 31.
composition of portfolio by sector
debt and perpetual securities, at amortized cost:
banks/financial institutions(1)                       9.8   %      10.4   %
municipalities                                        4.8           5.1
public utilities                                     15.9          16.9
mortgage- and asset-backed securities                  .3            .3
total debt and perpetual securities                  86.5          86.8
equity securities                                      .8            .0
(1) includes .3% of perpetual securities at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of md&a for more information regarding the sector concentrations of our investments.
other operations corporate operating expenses consist primarily of personnel compensation, benefits, reinsurance retrocession activities, and facilities expenses. corporate expenses, excluding investment and retrocession income, were $141 million in 2016, $90 million in 2015 and $91 million in 2014. investment income included in reported corporate expenses was $18 million in 2016, $22 million in 2015 and $13 million in 2014, and net retrocession income was $7 million in 2016 and 2015.
analysis of financial condition our financial condition has remained strong in the functional currencies of our operations. the yen/dollar exchange rate at the end of each period is used to translate yen-denominated balance sheet items to u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
the following table demonstrates the effect of the change in the yen/dollar exchange rate by comparing select balance sheet items as reported at december 31, 2016, with the amounts that would have been reported had the exchange rate remained unchanged from december 31, 2015.
impact of foreign exchange on balance sheet items
deferred policy acquisition costs              8,993           197                                 8,796
policy liabilities                            93,726                   2,853                      90,873
(1)amounts excluding foreign currency changes on u.s. dollar-denominated items (a non-u.s. gaap measure) were determined using the same yen/dollar exchange rate for the current period as the comparable period in the prior year.
investments our investment philosophy is to fulfill our fiduciary responsibility to invest assets in a prudent manner to meet the present and future needs of our policyholders' contractual obligations while maximizing the long-term financial return on assets consistent with the company goal of maximizing long-term shareholder value with defined risk appetites, limits, and maintaining adequate liquidity.
the following table details investment securities by segment as of december 31.
investment securities by segment (1)
securities available for sale, at fair value:
fixed maturities                                    $59,903             $52,304             $13,250             $12,522
perpetual securities                                  1,577               1,890                  56                  57
equity securities                                     1,185                 493                 124                   5
securities held to maturity, at amortized cost:
fixed maturities                                     33,350              33,459                   0                   0
total held to maturity                               33,350              33,459                   0                   0
total investment securities                         $96,015             $88,146             $13,430             $12,584
(1)excludes available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities held by the parent company and other business segments of $607 in 2016 and$523 in 2015.
other investments primarily consisted of loan receivables that are recorded at amortized cost on the acquisition date and are carried at adjusted amortized cost. the adjusted amortized cost of the loan receivables reflects allowances for expected incurred losses estimated based on past events and current economic conditions as of each reporting date. see the loans and loan receivables section in note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these investments.
cash and cash equivalents totaled $4.9 billion, or 4.2% of total investments and cash, as of december 31, 2016, compared with $4.4 billion, or 4.1%, at december 31, 2015. for a discussion of the factors affecting our cash balance, see the operating activities, investing activities and financing activities subsections of this md&a.
for additional information concerning our investments, see notes 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the ratings of our securities referenced in the table below are based on the ratings designations provided by major nrsros (moody's, s&p and fitch) or, if not rated, are determined based on our internal analysis of such securities. for investment-grade securities where the ratings assigned by the major credit agencies are not equivalent, we use the second lowest rating that is assigned. for a description of the ratings methodology that we use when a security is below investment grade or split-rated, see "investments, below-investment-grade and split-rated securities" in the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a.
the distributions of debt and perpetual securities we own, by credit rating, as of december 31 were as follows:
composition of securities portfolio by credit rating
as of december 31, 2016, our direct and indirect exposure to securities in our investment portfolio that were guaranteed by third parties was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate.
the following table presents the 10 largest unrealized loss positions in our portfolio as of december 31, 2016.
(in millions)                          credit                    amortized                fair   unrealized rating                         cost               value   loss diamond offshore drilling inc.              bb                $141                 $96                   $(45    )
investcorp capital limited                  bb                 368                 346                    (22    )
(1) includes perpetual security generally, declines in fair values can be a result of changes in interest rates, yen/dollar exchange rate, and changes in net spreads driven by a broad market move or a change in the issuer's underlying credit quality. at times in 2016, market volatility was at elevated levels, especially in the energy and commodity-related sectors.  as we believe these issuers have the ability to continue making timely payments of principal and interest, we view these changes in fair value to be temporary and do not believe it is necessary to impair the carrying value of these securities. see the unrealized investment gains and losses section in note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussions of unrealized losses related to financial institutions, including perpetual securities, and other corporate investments.
securities by type of issuance we have investments in both publicly and privately issued securities. our ability to sell either type of security is a function of overall market liquidity which is impacted by, among other things, the amount of outstanding securities of a particular issuer or issuance, trading history of the issue or issuer, overall market conditions, and idiosyncratic events affecting the specific issue or issuer.
the following table details investment securities by type of issuance as of december 31.
investment securities by type of issuance
(in millions)                                    amortized                         fair               amortized                         fair cost                        value                    cost                        value publicly issued securities:
fixed maturities                           $75,406                      $86,132                 $68,528                      $74,933
perpetual securities                            51                           75                      77                          111
equity securities                            1,196                        1,300                     473                          489
privately issued securities: (1)
fixed maturities                            24,307                       27,649                  25,573                       27,936
perpetual securities                         1,455                        1,558                   1,764                        1,836
equity securities                                7                            9                       7                            9
total investment securities               $102,422                     $116,723                 $96,422                     $105,314
(1) includes rule 144a securities the perpetual securities we hold were largely issued by banks that are integral to the financial markets of the sovereign country of the issuer. as a result of the issuer's position within the economy of the sovereign country, our perpetual securities may be subject to a higher risk of nationalization of their issuers in connection with capital injections from an issuer's sovereign government. we cannot be assured that such capital support will extend to all levels of an issuer's capital structure. in addition, certain governments or regulators may consider imposing interest and principal payment restrictions on issuers of hybrid securities to preserve cash and preserve the issuer's capital. beyond the cash flow impact that additional deferrals would have on our portfolio, such deferrals could result in ratings downgrades of the affected securities, which in turn could result in a reduction of fair value of the securities and increase our regulatory capital requirements. we consider these factors in our credit review process.
the following table details our privately issued investment securities as of december 31.
privately issued securities
privately issued securities as a percentage of total investment securities        25.2   %            28.4   %
privately issued securities held by aflac japan                                $23,104             $24,602
privately issued securities held by aflac japan as a percentage of total          22.6   %            25.5   %
investment securities reverse-dual currency securities(1)
privately issued reverse-dual currency securities                              $5,628              $5,372
publicly issued collateral structured as reverse-dual currency securities       1,349               1,303
total reverse-dual currency securities                                         $6,977              $6,675
reverse-dual currency securities as a percentage of total investment              6.8   %             6.9   %
securities
(1)principal payments in yen and interest payments in dollars aflac japan has a portfolio of privately issued securities to better match liability characteristics and secure higher yields than those available on japanese government or other public corporate bonds. aflac japan's investments in yen-denominated privately issued securities consist primarily of non-japanese issuers, are rated investment grade at purchase and have longer maturities, thereby allowing us to improve our asset/liability matching and our overall investment returns. these securities are generally either privately negotiated arrangements or issued under medium-term note programs and have standard documentation commensurate with credit ratings of the issuer, except when internal credit analysis indicates that additional protective and/or event-risk covenants were required. many of these investments
have protective covenants appropriate to the specific investment. these may include a prohibition of certain activities by the borrower, maintenance of certain financial measures, and specific conditions impacting the payment of our notes.
below-investment-grade and split-rated securities we use specific criteria to judge the credit quality of both existing and prospective investments. the ratings referenced in the tables below are based on the ratings designations provided by the major credit rating agencies (moody's, s&p, and fitch) or, if not rated, are determined based on our internal credit analysis of such securities. when the ratings issued by the rating agencies differ, we utilize the second lowest rating, regardless of how many of the three rating agencies actually rated the instrument. split-rated securities are those where the ratings are not equivalent and one or more of the ratings is investment grade and one or more is below investment grade. for these split-rated securities, if there are only two ratings assigned by the credit rating agencies, we take the lower below-investment-grade rating. if there are three ratings assigned, and two of the three are below investment grade, we consider it a below-investment-grade security. if there are three ratings and two are investment grade, we consider it an investment grade security unless our evaluation and assessment shows a below-investment-grade rating is warranted despite two of the three rating agencies rating it investment grade.
our portfolio of below-investment-grade securities includes debt securities purchased while the issuer was rated investment grade plus other loans and bonds purchased as part of an allocation to that segment of the market. the following is our below-investment-grade exposure in accordance with the above described rating methodology as of december 31.
below-investment-grade securities (1)
investcorp capital limited               $368                   $368                   $346                        $(22        )            $357                   $357                   $324                        $(33        )
telecom italia spa                        172                    172                    212                          40                      166                    166                    214                          48
generalitat de catalunya                  154                     57                    111                          54                      149                     55                    126                          71
eskom holdings limited                     35                     35                     35                           0                       50                     50                     43                          (7        )
(2) includes perpetual security
(4) securities initially purchased as investment grade, but have subsequently been downgraded to below investment grade
(6) includes 62 issuers in 2016 and 57 issuers in 2015; all issuers below $25 million in par value we invest in senior secured bank loans and middle market loans primarily to u.s. corporate borrowers, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings. the bank loan and middle market loan investment programs are managed externally by third party firms specializing in this asset class and require a minimum average portfolio rating of low bb and a minimum single investment rating of low b from one of the nrsros. the objectives of these programs include enhancing the yield on invested assets, achieving further diversification of credit risk, and mitigating the risk of rising interest rates and hedge costs through the acquisition of floating rate assets. our investments in these programs totaled $2.3 billion at december 31, 2016, compared with $1.5 billion at december 31, 2015, on an amortized cost basis.
in 2015 and continuing into 2016, we began increasing our allocation to higher yielding corporate bonds within the aflac japan and aflac u.s. portfolios. most of these securities were rated below-investment-grade at the time of purchase, but we also purchased several that were rated investment grade which, because of market pricing, offer yields commensurate with below-investment-grade risk profiles. the objective of this allocation was to enhance our yield on invested assets and further diversify our credit risk. all investments must have a minimum rating of low bb using our above described rating methodology and are managed by our internal credit portfolio management team.
excluding the senior secured bank loans and certain high yield corporate bonds discussed above that were rated below investment grade when initially purchased, below-investment-grade debt and perpetual securities represented 2.8% of total debt and perpetual securities at december 31, 2016, compared with 3.1% at december 31, 2015, on an amortized cost basis. debt and perpetual securities classified as below investment grade at december 31, 2016 and 2015 were generally reported as available for sale and carried at fair value.
investments in certain european countries we own debt of various european issuers including corporate and government-related borrowers. most european countries have seen improvement in their economies since the european debt crisis which has helped stabilized credit quality among european issuers. to support sustainable economic growth, the ecb in 2015 launched a quantitative easing (qe) stimulus program that was recently extended to december 2017, with reduced purchases to start in april 2017.
the 2016 referendum in the united kingdom (uk) in favor of the uk withdrawing from the european union (eu) (brexit) has added a new level of uncertainty to europe's economic recovery, although financial markets have stabilized after initially reacting to brexit with increased volatility. we cannot estimate the ultimate impact of brexit, which may include changes to the economies of the uk and other eu countries, policy action by the uk government, the bank of england, the eu, or the ecb, or an increase in economic isolationism throughout europe and the rest of the world.
we continue to monitor the european situation closely. additionally, some of our european fixed-maturity investments contain covenants that we believe mitigate our risk. these may include put options that allow us to return our holdings to the issuer at a predetermined price, usually par, should the issuer be downgraded to below investment grade by a rating agency. additionally, these covenants may include restrictions on the ability of the issuer to incur additional debt, sell assets, or provide collateral for indebtedness. as of december 31, 2016, all of the european issuers in our portfolios were current on their obligations to us, and we believe they have the ability to meet their obligations to us.
oil and gas exposure as a result of the significant decline in oil prices, which began in the fourth quarter of 2014, there has been heightened attention to certain investments in the various energy sub-sectors related to the oil and gas industry. although prices have recovered somewhat from the lows, the sector continues to operate in a period of lower prices and increased volatility. our portfolio includes holdings diversified across multiple sub-sectors of the oil and gas industry, spread among multiple geographies. the following tables show the breakout of our exposure to the oil and gas industry as of december 31.
securities available for sale, carried at fair value:
fixed maturities:
natural gas utilities                              410                        79                           3                          486
total fixed maturities                           5,546                       667                         224                        5,989
equity securities:
natural gas utilities                                2                         0                           0                            2
total equity securities                             42                         3                           0                           45
total securities available for sale              5,588                       670                         224                        6,034
securities held to maturity, carried at amortized cost:
fixed maturities:
natural gas utilities                              215                        25                           0                          240
total fixed maturities                             696                        61                           0                          757
total securities held to maturity                  696                        61                           0                          757
total securities available for sale             $6,284                      $731                        $224                       $6,791
and held to maturity
securities available for sale, carried at fair value:
fixed maturities:
natural gas utilities                              344                        53                           1                          396
total fixed maturities                           5,937                       472                         594                        5,815
equity securities                                    3                         0                           0                            3
total securities available for sale              5,940                       472                         594                        5,818
securities held to maturity, carried at amortized cost:
fixed maturities:
natural gas utilities                              207                        18                           0                          225
total fixed maturities                             698                        32                           0                          730
total securities held to maturity                  698                        32                           0                          730
total securities available for sale             $6,638                      $504                        $594                       $6,548
and held to maturity as of december 31, 2016, the weighted-average rating of our total fixed maturity energy exposure is bbb, and 88% of our exposure to the oil and gas industry was investment grade, compared to 93% at december 31, 2015. further declines in oil and gas prices, unexpected increases in supply, or other company specific situations could lead to additional negative ratings activity from the public rating agencies for energy credit issuers. we do not currently expect our investments in the energy sector to have a material impact on our results of operations.
hedging activities net investment hedge our primary exposure to be hedged is our investment in aflac japan, which is affected by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate. to mitigate this exposure, we have taken several courses of action. first, aflac japan maintains certain unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, which serve as an economic currency hedge of a portion of our investment in aflac japan. second, we have designated the majority of the parent company's yen-denominated liabilities (samurai and uridashi notes) as non-derivative hedging instruments and certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of our net investment in aflac japan. we make our net investment hedge designation at the beginning of each quarter. if the total of the designated parent company non-derivative and derivatives notional is equal to or less than our net investment in aflac japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective, and the exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities and the change in estimated fair value of the derivatives are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. we estimate that if the designated net investment hedge positions exceeded our net investment in aflac japan by 10 billion yen, we would report a foreign exchange gain/loss of approximately $1 million for every 1% yen weakening/strengthening in the end-of-period yen/dollar exchange rate. our net investment hedge was effective during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the yen net asset figure calculated for hedging purposes differs from the yen-denominated net asset position as discussed in the currency risk subsection of md&a. as disclosed in that subsection, the consolidation of the underlying assets in certain vies requires that we derecognize our yen-denominated investment in the vie and recognize the
underlying fixed-maturity or perpetual securities and cross-currency swaps. while these u.s. dollar investments will create foreign currency fluctuations, the combination of the u.s. dollar-denominated investment and the cross-currency swap economically creates a yen-denominated investment that qualifies for inclusion as a component of our investment in aflac japan. similarly, the combination of the u.s. corporate bonds and the foreign currency forwards and options that we have entered into, as discussed in the aflac japan investment subsection of md&a, economically creates a yen-denominated investment that qualifies for inclusion as a component of our investment in aflac japan.
consolidated yen-denominated net assets (liabilities)         $6,521                   $5,447
for the hedge of our net investment in aflac japan, we have designated certain of the parent company's yen-denominated liabilities, certain unhedged u.s. dollar investments and foreign currency forwards and options as a hedge of our net investment in aflac japan. our consolidated yen-denominated net asset position was partially hedged at $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2016, compared with $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2015.
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our hedging activities.
deferred policy acquisition costs the following table presents deferred policy acquisition costs by segment for the years ended december 31.
(1) aflac japan's deferred policy acquisition costs increased 3.7% in yen during the year ended december 31, 2016.
see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our deferred policy acquisition costs.
policy liabilities the following table presents policy liabilities by segment for the years ended december 31.
(1) aflac japan's policy liabilities increased 3.6% in yen during the year ended december 31, 2016.
(2) elimination entry necessary due to recapture of a portion of policy liabilities ceded externally, as a result of the reinsurance retrocession transaction as described in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
see note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our policy liabilities.
notes payable as of january 1, 2016, we adopted updated accounting guidance related to the presentation of debt issuance costs and have reclassified debt issuance costs related to a debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. prior year amounts have been adjusted to reflect the current year adoption. see note 1 of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
notes payable totaled $5.4 billion at december 31, 2016, compared with $5.0 billion at december 31, 2015.
in september 2016, the parent company issued two series of senior notes totaling $700 million through a u.s. public debt offering. the first series, which totaled $300 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.875% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 10-year maturity. the second series, which totaled $400 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.00% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 30-year maturity.
in september 2016, the parent company entered into two series of senior unsecured term loan facilities totaling 30.0 billion yen. the first series, which totaled 5.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to the tokyo interbank market rate (tibor), or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin. the applicable margin ranges between .20% and .60%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. the second series, which totaled 25.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin. the applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination.
in december 2016, the parent company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished $176 million principal of its 6.90% senior notes due 2039 and $193 million principal of its 6.45% senior notes due 2040. the pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was $137 million ($89 million after-tax, or $.21 per diluted share).
in september 2016, we extinguished 8.0 billion yen of 2.26% fixed rate uridashi notes upon their maturity and in july 2016, we extinguished 15.8 billion yen of 1.84% fixed rate samurai notes upon their maturity.
subsequent to december 31, 2016, in january 2017 the parent company issued 60.0 billion yen of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the notes bear interest at a fixed rate of .932% per annum, payable semi-annually, and have a 10-year maturity. these notes may only be redeemed before maturity, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting u.s. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance.
see note 9 of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our notes payable.
benefit plans aflac japan and aflac u.s. have various benefit plans. for additional information on our japanese and u.s. plans, see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
policyholder protection the japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. legislation enacted regarding the framework of the life insurance policyholder protection corporation (lippc) included government fiscal measures supporting the lippc. on march 30, 2012, the diet approved legislation to enhance the stability of the lippc by extending the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2017. on november 25, 2016, japan's diet passed legislation that again extends the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2022. effective april 2014, the annual lippc contribution amount for the total life industry was lowered from 40 billion yen to 33 billion yen.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2016, we had no material letters of credit, standby letters of credit, guarantees or standby repurchase obligations. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on material unconditional purchase obligations that are not recorded on our balance sheet.
capital resources and liquidity aflac provides the primary sources of liquidity to the parent company through dividends and management fees. the following table presents the amounts provided for the years ended december 31.
liquidity provided by aflac to parent company
the primary uses of cash by the parent company are shareholder dividends, the repurchase of its common stock and interest on its outstanding indebtedness and operating expenses. the parent company's sources and uses of cash are reasonably predictable and are not expected to change materially in the future. for additional information, see the financing activities subsection of this md&a.
the parent company also accesses debt security markets to provide additional sources of capital. in august 2016, we filed a shelf registration statement with japanese regulatory authorities that allows us to conduct public offerings of bonds in japan, including yen-denominated samurai notes, up to 200 billion yen or its equivalent through august 2018. the shelf registration statement is for possible public offerings in japan, but the bonds issued under the shelf may be transferred by the bondholders to u.s. persons in compliance with u.s. law. we filed a shelf registration statement with the sec in may 2015 that allows us to issue an indefinite amount of senior and subordinated debt, in one or more series, from time to time until may 2018. we believe outside sources for additional debt and equity capital, if needed, will continue to be available. for additional information, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
when making an investment decision, our first consideration is based on product needs. our investment objectives provide for liquidity through the purchase of investment-grade debt securities. these objectives also take into account duration matching, and because of the long-term nature of our business, we have adequate time to react to changing cash flow needs.
as a result of policyholder aging, claims payments are expected to gradually increase over the life of a policy. therefore, future policy benefit reserves are accumulated in the early years of a policy and are designed to help fund future claims payments. we expect our future cash flows from premiums and our investment portfolio to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for benefits and expenses.
in october 2016, the parent company and aflac jointly entered into a 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit that provides for borrowings in the amount of $100 million. borrowings will bear interest at the rate quoted by the bank and agreed upon at the time of making such loan and will have up to a three-month maturity period. there are no related facility fees, upfront expenses or financial covenant requirements. borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. borrowings under the financing agreement will mature no later than three months after the last drawdown date of october 14, 2017. as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our $100 million credit agreement.
in march 2016, the parent company entered into a three-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a group of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to 100.0 billion yen on a revolving basis. borrowings bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the tibor plus, at our option, either (a) the applicable tibor margin during the period from the closing date to the commitment termination date or (b) the applicable tibor margin during the term out period. the applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75% during the period from the closing date to the commitment termination date and .70% and 1.50% during the term out period, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. in addition, the parent company is required to pay a facility fee on the commitments ranging between .30% and .50%, also based on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the parent company, and will expire on the earlier of (a) march 31, 2019, or (b) the date the commitments
are terminated pursuant to an event of default, as such term is defined in the credit agreement. the credit facility requires compliance with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis. as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our 100.0 billion yen revolving credit agreement.
the parent company and aflac have a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to 55.0 billion yen or the equivalent of yen in u.s. dollars on a revolving basis. this credit agreement provides for borrowings in japanese yen or the equivalent of japanese yen in u.s. dollars on a revolving basis. borrowings bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (a) a eurocurrency rate determined by reference to the london interbank offered rate (libor) for the interest period relevant to such borrowing adjusted for certain additional costs or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the federal funds effective rate plus 1⁄2 of 1%, (2) the rate of interest for such day announced by mizuho bank, ltd. as its prime rate and (3) the eurocurrency rate for an interest period of one month plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges between .79% and 1.275% for eurocurrency rate borrowings and 0.0% and .275% for base rate borrowings, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. in addition, the parent company and aflac are required to pay a facility fee on the commitments ranging between .085% and .225%, also based on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. borrowings under the amended and restated credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the parent company and aflac. the amended and restated credit facility requires compliance with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis and will expire on the earlier of (a) september 18, 2020, or (b) the date the commitments are terminated pursuant to an event of default, as such term is defined in the credit agreement. as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our 55.0 billion yen revolving credit agreement.
the parent company and aflac have an uncommitted bilateral line of credit with a third party that provides for borrowings in the amount of $50 million. borrowings will bear interest at the rate quoted by the bank and agreed upon at the time of making such loan and will have up to a three-month maturity period. there are no related facility fees, upfront expenses or financial covenant requirements. borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our $50 million credit agreement.
our financial statements convey our financing arrangements during the periods presented. we have not engaged in material intra-period short-term financings during the periods presented that are not otherwise reported in our balance sheet. we were in compliance with all of the covenants of our notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2016. we have not entered into transactions involving the transfer of financial assets with an obligation to repurchase financial assets that have been accounted for as a sale under applicable accounting standards, including securities lending transactions. see notes 1, 3, and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our securities lending and derivative activities. with the exception of disclosed activities in those referenced footnotes, we do not have a known trend, demand, commitment, event or uncertainty that would reasonably result in our liquidity increasing or decreasing by a material amount. our cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted cash on hand, money market instruments, and other debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased, all of which has minimal market, settlement or other risk exposure.
the following table presents the estimated payments by period of our major contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016. we translated our yen-denominated obligations using the december 31, 2016, exchange rate. actual future payments as reported in dollars will fluctuate with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
(in millions)                                                total                    total                 less           one tothree years               four to                   after liability(1)                 payments                 than                                        five years              five years one year future policy benefits liability (note 7)(2)        $76,106                   $240,650               $8,410                  $16,949                 $16,664                $198,627
unpaid policy claims liability (note 7)(3)            4,045                      4,046                2,644                      766                     348                     288
cash collateral on loaned securities (note 3)           526                        526                  526                        0                       0                       0
capitalized lease obligations (note 9)                   21                         21                    6                       11                       3                       1
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits in the amount of $15 have been excluded from the tabular disclosure above because the timing of cash payment is not reasonably estimable.
(1)liability amounts are those reported on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2016.
(2)the estimated payments due by period reflect future estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders and others for future policy benefits. these projected cash outflows are based on assumptions for future policy persistency, mortality, morbidity, and other assumptions comparable with our experience, consider future premium receipts on current policies in force, and assume market growth and interest crediting consistent with assumptions used in amortizing deferred acquisition costs. these cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest and, as a result, the sum of the cash outflows shown for all years in the table of $240,650 exceeds the corresponding liability amount of $76,106. we have made significant assumptions to determine the future estimated cash outflows related to the underlying policies and contracts. due to the significance of the assumptions used, actual cash outflow amounts and timing will differ, possibly materially, from these estimates.
(4)not applicable for more information on our major contractual obligations, see the applicable note in the notes to the consolidated financial statements as indicated in the line items in the table above.
consolidated cash flows we translate cash flows for aflac japan's yen-denominated items into u.s. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. in years when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported.
the following table summarizes consolidated cash flows by activity for the years ended december 31.
operating activities                              $5,987              $6,776              $6,550
investing activities                              (3,855   )          (4,897   )          (4,241   )
financing activities                              (1,619   )          (2,187   )            (147   )
operating activities consolidated cash flow from operations decreased 11.6% in 2016, compared with 2015. the following table summarizes operating cash flows by source for the years ended december 31.
investing activities operating cash flow is primarily used to purchase investments to meet future policy obligations. the following table summarizes investing cash flows by source for the years ended december 31.
prudent portfolio management dictates that we attempt to match the duration of our assets with the duration of our liabilities. currently, when our fixed-maturity securities and perpetual securities mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. however, the long-term nature of our business and our strong cash flows provide us with the ability to minimize the effect of mismatched durations and/or yields identified by various asset adequacy analyses. when needed or when market opportunities arise, we dispose of selected fixed-maturity and perpetual securities that are available for sale to improve the duration matching of our assets and liabilities, improve future investment yields, and/or re-balance our portfolio. as a result, dispositions before maturity can vary significantly from year to year. dispositions before maturity were approximately 7% of the annual average investment portfolio of fixed maturities and perpetual securities available for sale during the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with 5% in 2015 and 6% in 2014.
financing activities consolidated cash used by financing activities was $1.6 billion in 2016, $2.2 billion in 2015 and $147 million in 2014.
in september 2016, the parent company issued two series of senior notes totaling $700 million through a u.s. public debt offering. the first series, which totaled $300 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.875% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 10-year maturity. the second series, which totaled $400 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.00% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 30-year maturity.
in september 2016, the parent company entered into two series of senior unsecured term loan facilities totaling 30.0 billion yen. the first series, which totaled 5.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to the tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin. the applicable margin ranges between .20% and .60%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. the second series, which totaled 25.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin. the applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination.
in december 2016, the parent company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished $176 million principal of its 6.90% senior notes due 2039 and $193 million principal of its 6.45% senior notes due 2040. the pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was $137 million ($89 million after-tax, or $.21 per diluted share).
in september 2016, we extinguished 8.0 billion yen of 2.26% fixed rate uridashi notes upon their maturity and in july 2016, we extinguished 15.8 billion yen of 1.84% fixed rate samurai notes upon their maturity.
in august 2015, we extinguished $300 million of 3.45% fixed-rate senior notes upon their maturity. in august 2015, we extinguished a 5.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $41 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date). in july 2015, we extinguished a 10.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $81 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date).
in march 2015, the parent company issued two series of senior notes totaling $1.0 billion through a u.s. public debt offering. the first series, which totaled $550 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.40% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a five-year maturity. the second series, which totaled $450 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.25% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a ten-year maturity. we have entered into cross-currency swaps that convert the u.s. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the senior notes into yen-denominated obligations which
results in lower nominal net interest rates on the debt. by entering into these cross-currency swaps, we economically converted our $550 million liability into a 67.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 2.40% in dollars to .24% in yen, and we economically converted our $450 million liability into a 55.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 3.25% in dollars to .82% in yen. in april 2015, the parent company used $1.0 billion of fixed-rate senior notes that were issued in march 2015 to redeem all of our $850 million 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes due may 2019 and to pay a portion of the corresponding $230 million make-whole premium due to the investors of these notes.
in november 2014, the parent company issued $750 million of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. in july 2014, we redeemed 28.7 billion yen of our fixed rate samurai notes and 5.5 billion yen of our variable rate samurai notes upon their maturity (a total of approximately $335 million using the exchange rate on the date of redemption).
cash returned to shareholders through dividends and treasury stock purchases was $2.1 billion in 2016, compared with $2.0 billion in 2015 and $1.9 billion in 2014.
see our preceding discussion in this capital resources and liquidity section of md&a regarding the 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit entered into by the parent company and aflac in october 2016 in the amount of $100 million; the three-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreements entered into by the parent company in march 2016 in the amount of 100 billion yen; the five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement entered into by the parent company and aflac in september 2015 in the amount of 55 billion yen; and the $50 million uncommitted bilateral line of credit entered into by the parent company and aflac in february 2015. as of december 31, 2016, no borrowings were outstanding under these lines of credit.
we were in compliance with all of the covenants of our notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2016.
the following tables present a summary of treasury stock activity during the years ended december 31.
under share repurchase authorizations from our board of directors, we purchased 21.6 million shares of our common stock in the open market in 2016, compared with 21.2 million shares in 2015 and 19.7 million shares in 2014. in august 2015, aflac's board of directors authorized the purchase of an additional 40 million shares of its common stock. as of december 31, 2016, a remaining balance of 26.8 million shares of our common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by our board of directors. we currently plan to purchase $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion of our common stock in 2017, front-end loaded in the first half of the year. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
cash dividends paid to shareholders in 2016 of $1.66 per share increased 5.1% over 2015. the 2015 dividend paid of $1.58 per share increased 5.3% over 2014. the following table presents the dividend activity for the years ended december 31.
regulatory restrictions aflac and caic are domiciled in nebraska and are subject to its regulations. the nebraska department of insurance imposes certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances to the parent company. under nebraska insurance law, prior approval of the nebraska department of insurance is required for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. in addition, the nebraska insurance department must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. these regulatory limitations are not expected to affect the level of management fees or dividends paid to the parent company. a life insurance company's statutory capital and surplus is determined according to rules prescribed by the naic, as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company's state of domicile. statutory accounting rules are different from u.s. gaap and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency. similar laws apply in new york, the domiciliary jurisdiction of the parent company's aflac new york insurance subsidiary. as of december 2016, caic was redomiciled from south carolina to nebraska.
the continued long-term growth of our business may require increases in the statutory capital and surplus of our insurance operations. aflac's insurance operations may secure additional statutory capital through various sources, such as internally generated statutory earnings, equity contributions by the parent company from funds generated through debt or equity offerings, or reinsurance transactions. the naic's risk-based capital (rbc) formula is used by insurance regulators to help identify inadequately capitalized insurance companies. the rbc formula quantifies insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk by weighing the types and mixtures of risks inherent in the insurer's operations. aflac's company action level rbc ratio was 894% as of december 31, 2016, compared with 933% at december 31, 2015. aflac's rbc ratio remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. as of december 31, 2016, aflac's total adjusted capital of $12.0 billion exceeded the company action level required capital and surplus of $1.3 billion by $10.7 billion. the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid to the parent company by aflac without prior approval of nebraska's director of insurance is the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. dividends declared by aflac during 2017 in excess of $2.8 billion would require such approval. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the impact of permitted practices by the nebraska department of insurance on our statutory capital and surplus. the naic considers its solvency modernization initiative (smi) process relating to updating the u.s. insurance solvency regulation framework to be ongoing. the smi has focused on key issues such as capital requirements, governance and risk management, group supervision, reinsurance, statutory accounting and financial reporting matters. many of these key issues have been finalized and/or are near completion; however, the naic still has some ongoing initiatives related to smi, such as monitoring the international efforts on group capital requirements and group supervision as well as risk-based capital.
aflac is subject to the naic's own risk and solvency assessment (orsa), effective january 1, 2015. through the orsa requirements, aflac is expected to regularly, no less than annually, conduct an orsa to assess the adequacy of its risk management framework, and its current and estimated projected future solvency position; internally document the process and results of the assessment; and provide a confidential high-level orsa summary report annually to the lead state commissioner if the insurer is a member of an insurance group. in november 2016, aflac filed its orsa report with the nebraska department of insurance.
in addition to limitations and restrictions imposed by u.s. insurance regulators, japan's fsa may not allow profit repatriations from aflac japan if the transfers would cause aflac japan to lack sufficient financial strength for the protection of policyholders. the fsa maintains its own solvency standard which is quantified through the smr. aflac
japan's smr is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange rate changes, therefore we continue to evaluate alternatives for reducing this sensitivity. in the event of a rapid change in market risk conditions causing smr to decline, we have two senior unsecured revolving credit facilities in the amounts of 100 billion yen and 55 billion yen, respectively, and a committed reinsurance facility in the amount of approximately 110 billion yen as a capital contingency plan. (see notes 8 and 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information). we have already undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of aflac japan's smr. for example, we employ policy reserve matching (prm) investment strategies, which is a japan-specific accounting treatment that reduces smr interest rate sensitivity since prm-designated investments are carried at amortized cost consistent with corresponding liabilities. for u.s. gaap, prm investments are categorized as available for sale. we also use foreign currency derivatives to hedge a portion of our u.s. dollar-denominated investments. in the first quarter of 2015, aflac japan entered into a quota share arrangement to cede a portion of hospital benefits of one of our closed products. under this coinsurance indemnity type of reinsurance, aflac japan released approximately 130 billion yen of fsa reserves. (see notes 3, 4 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our investment strategies, hedging activities, and reinsurance, respectively.) as of december 31, 2016, aflac japan's smr was 945%, compared with 828% at december 31, 2015. the fsa has been conducting field testing with the insurance industry concerning the introduction of an economic value-based solvency regime. the field testing will assist the fsa in determining if an economic value-based solvency regime in japan will be appropriate for the insurance industry.
payments are made from aflac japan to the parent company for management fees and to aflac u.s. for allocated expenses and remittances of earnings. the following table details aflac japan remittances for the years ended december 31.
aflac japan remittances
aflac japan profit remittances to aflac u.s. (in dollars)     1,286             2,139             1,704
aflac japan profit remittances to aflac u.s. (in yen)         138.5             259.0             181.4
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we began to increase the frequency of capital transfers from japan to the united states to better manage cash flow. this capital repatriation is reflected in aflac japan's smr.
we entered into foreign exchange forwards and options as part of an economic hedge on foreign exchange risk on 114.0 billion yen of profit repatriation received in 2016, resulting in $64 million less funds received when the yen were exchanged into dollars.
for additional information on regulatory restrictions on dividends, profit repatriations and other transfers, see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other for information regarding commitments and contingent liabilities, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.