item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis (md&a) is intended to assist the reader in understanding amgen's business. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. our results of operations discussed in md&a are presented in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). amgen operates in one business segment: human therapeutics. therefore, our results of operations are discussed on a consolidated basis.
forward-looking statements this report and other documents we file with the sec contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management's assumptions. in addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking statements in press releases or written statements, or in our communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, webcasts, phone calls and conference calls. such words as "expect," "anticipate," "outlook," "could," "target," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate," "should," "may," "assume," and "continue," as well as variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and they involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. we describe our respective risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect the outcome or results of operations in item 1a. risk factors. we have based our forward-looking statements on our management's beliefs and assumptions based on information available to our management at the time the statements are made. we caution you that actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed, implied or forecast by our forward-looking statements. reference is made in particular to forward-looking statements regarding product sales, regulatory activities, clinical trial results, reimbursement, expenses, earnings per share (eps), liquidity and capital resources, trends, planned dividends, stock repurchases and restructuring plans. except as required under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the sec, we do not have any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise.
overview amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics. this approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology.
amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. a biotechnology pioneer since 1980, amgen has grown to be one of the world's leading independent biotechnology companies, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential.
our strategy is to develop innovative medicines in six focused therapeutic areas that meet important unmet medical needs in addressing serious illness. we have a presence in approximately 100 countries worldwide focusing on: oncology/hematology, cardiovascular disease, inflammation, bone health, nephrology and neuroscience. our principal products include enbrel, neulasta®, aranesp®, prolia®, sensipar®/mimpara®, xgeva®, epogen®, and neupogen®. for additional information about our products, see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products.
in 2016, we made substantial progress on our strategic priorities with strong execution across the business.
•   over the past year, our financial performance was strong, as total revenues increased 6%. net income increased 11% and diluted eps increased by 13% driven by higher total revenues and continued improvement in operating leverage enabled by the transformation initiatives.
•   our pipeline continued to advance with the u.s. regulatory filing for evenitytm, approval of parsabivtm in the eu, and in early 2017, approval in the united states. we announced positive phase 2 and phase 3 results for erenumab for chronic and episodic migraine, respectively, and positive phase 3 results for xgeva® for the prevention of sres in patients with multiple myeloma. we also announced positive phase 3 results for repatha® for the treatment of coronary artery disease and in early 2017, positive top-line results in our phase 3 cardiovascular outcomes and cognitive function trials. we received new indications for kyprolis®, nplate®, blincyto® and enbrel. additionally, we continued to advance our biosimilar program, including the u.s. approval and eu regulatory submission for amjevitatm/ abp 501, global regulatory submission of abp 215, and phase 3 data for abp 980. throughout the course of the year, we invested in external early-stage innovation to augment our internal research efforts.
•   we built the foundation for long-term growth through our product launches in new parts of the world, as seen by our ability to secure 94 country product launches.
•   we made investments in next-generation biomanufacturing that build on our expertise in manufacturing, including our new singapore facility for which licensure is under way. we believe that our next-generation biomanufacturing will reduce the scale and cost of making biologics while retaining a reliable, high-quality, compliant supply of medicines.
•   we continue to innovate with patient- and provider-friendly delivery systems to differentiate our products, as seen by our u.s. launch of the repatha® pushtronextm system, a new monthly single-dose administration option, and the continued growth of the neulasta® onpro® kit in the united states.
•   cash flows from operating activities grew 6% to $10.4 billion, enabling us to invest for the future and return capital to shareholders, consistent with our expectations for long-term growth. we increased our dividend 27% to $1.00 per share of common stock in each of the four quarters of 2016. in december 2016, the board of directors declared a cash dividend of $1.15 per share of common stock for the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 15% for this period, to be paid in march 2017. we also repurchased 19.7 million shares of our common stock throughout 2016 at an aggregate cost of $3.0 billion.
•   we have focused our business and operating model through significant transformation and process improvement efforts. our transformation has established a foundation for longer-term growth and we are approaching the development of promising new medicines with greater understanding, speed and confidence.
while 2016 execution was strong, we expect 2017 to be an increasingly challenging environment. our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. we must develop new products over time in order to provide for revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. certain of our products will face increasing pressure from competitive product launches, including from biosimilars. for additional information, including information on the expiration of patents for various products, see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-patents and see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-competition. we devote considerable resources to r&d activities. however, successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. we are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch.
rising healthcare costs and economic conditions also continue to pose challenges to our business, including continued pressure by third-party payers, such as governments and private payers, to reduce healthcare expenditures. as a result of public and private health care provider focus, the industry continues to experience significant pricing pressures and other cost containment measures.
finally, wholesale and end-user buying patterns can affect our product sales. these effects can cause fluctuations in quarterly product sales and have generally not been significant when comparing full-year product performance to the prior year. see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products and part i, item 1a. risk factors for further discussion of certain of the factors that could impact our future product sales.
we believe we are well positioned for the challenges and opportunities in the coming year. challenges and opportunities led us to begin our transformation at amgen, which will continue to be an important part of our strategy and execution. we have enthusiasm for the future and long-term growth based on innovative medicines that make a difference for patients suffering from serious illness. we are focused on executing our strategy and delivering results.
selected financial information the following is an overview of our results of operations (in millions, except percentages and per share data):
2016                                                       change                              2015
in the following discussion of changes in product sales, any reference to unit demand growth or decline refers to changes in the purchases of our products by healthcare providers, such as physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies.
u.s. product sales for 2016 increased across the portfolio except for epogen® and neupogen®, which declined by 31% and 33%, respectively. the u.s. increase was driven primarily by increases in net selling prices. the increase in row product sales for 2016 was driven primarily by higher unit demand from new product launches, offset by unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates and declines in net selling prices.
operating expenses for 2016 were flat as the savings from transformation and process improvement efforts were offset by increased support for launch products.
although changes in foreign currency exchange rates result in increases or decreases in our reported international product sales, the benefit or detriment that such movements have on our international product sales is offset partially by corresponding increases or decreases in our international operating expenses and our related foreign currency hedging activities. our hedging activities seek to offset the impacts, both positive and negative, that foreign currency exchange rate changes may have on our net income by hedging our net foreign currency exposure, primarily with respect to product sales denominated in euros. the net impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates was not material in 2016, 2015 or 2014.
2016                                                       change   2015                                     change   2014
future sales of our products will depend, in part, on the factors discussed in the overview, part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-competition, in part i, item 1a. risk factors and any additional factors discussed in the individual product sections below. in addition, for a list of our products' significant competitors, see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-competition.
2016                                                   change                              2015          change                              2014
the increases in enbrel sales for 2016 and 2015 were driven primarily by an increase in net selling price, offset partially by the impact of competition.
in 2017, we expect intensifying competition and relatively little benefit from net selling price changes.
2016                                                   change                              2015         change                              2014
the decrease in global neulasta® sales for 2016 was driven primarily by lower unit demand, offset by an increase in net selling price in the united states. as of the end of december 2016, utilization of the neulasta® onpro® kit continues to grow in the united states.
the increase in global neulasta® sales for 2015 was driven primarily by an increase in net selling price in the united states, offset partially by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
our final material u.s. patent for pegfilgrastim (neulasta®) expired in october 2015. therefore, we expect to face competition in the united states, which over time may have a material adverse impact on future sales of neulasta®. apotex, inc. (apotex), sandoz and coherus biosciences, inc., announced that the fda has accepted their applications for proposed biosimilar versions of neulasta®. novartis indicated that it received a complete response letter from the fda. for discussion of ongoing litigation between us and apotex and sandoz, see part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements.
in addition, supplementary protection certificates issued by certain countries, including france, germany, italy, spain, and the united kingdom, relating to our european patent for pegfilgrastim (neulasta®) will expire in august 2017. for further information regarding our patents, see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-patents.
future neulasta® sales will also depend, in part, on the development of new protocols, tests and/or treatments for cancer and/or new chemotherapy treatments or alternatives to chemotherapy that may have reduced and may continue to reduce the use of chemotherapy in some patients.
2016                                                   change   2015                                     change   2014
the increases in global aranesp® sales for 2016 and 2015 were driven by unit demand growth, including a shift from epogen® in the united states, offset partially by a decrease in net selling price in row.
2016                                                  change                              2015          change                              2014
the increases in global prolia® sales for 2016 and 2015 were driven primarily by unit demand growth.
2016                                                            change                              2015          change                              2014
the increase in global sensipar®/mimpara® sales for 2016 was driven primarily by an increase in net selling price in the united states and unit demand growth.
the increase in global sensipar®/mimpara® sales for 2015 was driven primarily by unit demand growth and an increase in net selling price in the united states. row sensipar®/mimpara® sales were negatively impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
2016                                                 change                              2015          change                              2014
the increases in global xgeva® sales for 2016 and 2015 were driven primarily by unit demand growth.
2016                                           change      2015                              change      2014
the decrease in epogen® sales for 2016 was driven by a decline in unit demand resulting from competition and a shift in dialysis sales to aranesp®.
the decrease in epogen® sales for 2015 was driven by a decline in unit demand resulting from competition and a shift in dialysis sales to aranesp®, offset partially by an increase in net selling price.
our final material u.s. patent for epogen® expired in may 2015. there is competition in the united states, which has had, and will continue to have, a material adverse impact on epogen® sales. further in december 2014, hospira, inc. (hospira), a subsidiary of pfizer, submitted a bla to the fda for retacrittm, a proposed biosimilar to epogen®. for discussion of ongoing litigation between us and hospira, see part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements.
2016                                                change                              2015      change                              2014
the decreases in global neupogen® sales for 2016 and 2015 were driven by a decline in unit demand due primarily to the impact of short-acting competition in the united states.
there is competition, which has intensified and will continue to have a material adverse impact on sales of neupogen®. we expect competitive trends to continue into 2017 from existing branded and new and existing biosimilar competition. see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-competition and part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of ongoing litigation.
future neupogen® sales will also depend, in part, on the development of new protocols, tests and/or treatments for cancer and/or new chemotherapy treatments or alternatives to chemotherapy that may have reduced and may continue to reduce the use of chemotherapy in some patients.
2016                                                               change                              2015       change                                 2014
* change in excess of 100%
2016                                                                      change                              2015         change                              2014
research and development                         $3,840                 (6   )%                   $4,070                 (5   )%                   $4,297
* change in excess of 100%
transformation and process improvement during 2014, we announced transformation and process improvement initiatives that we continue to execute on. as part of these efforts, we committed to a more agile and efficient operating model. our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders.
the transformation includes a restructuring plan that will result in pre-tax accounting charges in the range of $800 million to $900 million. as of december 31, 2016, restructuring costs incurred to date were $709 million. during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we incurred restructuring costs of $37 million, $114 million and $558 million, respectively. we expect that we will incur most of the remaining estimated costs in 2017 in order to support our ongoing transformation and process improvement efforts. since 2014, we have realized approximately $1.2 billion of transformation and process improvement savings. net savings were not significant in 2016, 2015 and 2014 as savings were reinvested in product launches, clinical programs and external business development. additional information required for our restructuring plan is incorporated herein by reference to part iv-note 2, restructuring, to the consolidated financial statements.
cost of sales cost of sales decreased to 18.1% of total revenues for 2016, driven primarily by manufacturing efficiencies.
cost of sales decreased to 19.5% of total revenues for 2015, driven primarily by lower royalties, higher net selling prices, manufacturing efficiencies and lower costs related to our restructuring plan. the year ended december 31, 2014, also had a $99 million charge related to the termination of the supply contract with roche as a result of acquiring the licenses to filgrastim and pegfilgrastim effective january 1, 2014.
the excise tax imposed by puerto rico on the gross intercompany purchase price of goods and services from our manufacturer in puerto rico (puerto rico excise tax) is recorded as a cost of sales expense. excluding the impact of the puerto rico excise tax, cost of sales would have been 16.5%, 17.8% and 20.1% of total revenues for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. see part iv-note 5, income taxes, to the consolidated financial statements.
research and development the company groups all of its r&d activities and related expenditures into three categories: (1) discovery research and translational sciences (drts), (2) later-stage clinical programs and (3) marketed products. these categories include the company's r&d activities as set forth in the following table:
category                        description drts                            r&amp;d expenses incurred in activities substantially in support of early research through the completion of phase 1 clinical trials. these activities encompass our drts functions, including drug discovery, toxicology, pharmacokinetics and drug metabolism, and process development.
later-stage clinical programs   r&amp;d expenses incurred in or related to phase 2 and phase 3 clinical programs intended to result in registration of a new product or a new indication for an existing product in the united states or the eu.
marketed products               r&amp;d expenses incurred in support of the company's marketed products that are authorized to be sold in the united states or the eu. includes clinical trials designed to gather information on product safety (certain of which may be required by regulatory authorities) and their product characteristics after regulatory approval has been obtained, as well as the costs of obtaining regulatory approval of a product in a new market after approval in either the united states or the eu has been obtained.
marketed products                   1,747                 1,197                   798
the decreases in r&d expenses for 2016 and 2015 were driven primarily by decreased costs associated with later-stage clinical programs support of $822 million and $411 million, respectively, offset partially by increased costs associated with marketed products support of $550 million and $399 million, respectively. all categories of r&d spend benefited from savings from transformation and process improvement efforts. the decreases were offset partially by reinvestment for the long-term benefit of the company, including increases in drts for up-front milestone payments related to several collaboration transactions. prior to approval, costs related to our launch products were categorized largely as later-stage clinical programs.
selling, general and administrative the increase in selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense for 2016 was driven primarily by further investments in product launches, offset partially by the expiration of the enbrel residual royalty payments on october 31, 2016.
the increase in sg&a expense for 2015 was driven primarily by new product launches, offset partially by savings from transformation and process improvement efforts under our restructuring plan.
the enbrel co-promotion term expired in october 2013, and we were required to pay pfizer residual royalties on a declining percentage of net enbrel sales in the united states and canada. effective november 2016, there were no further residual royalty payments. the residual royalty percentage ranged from 10% to 12% in 2014, 2015, and 2016.
other other operating expenses for 2016 included $105 million of charges related to legal proceedings.
other operating expenses for 2015 included $91 million of charges related to legal proceedings, certain charges related to our restructuring initiatives, including separation costs of $49 million, $31 million of write-offs of non-key assets acquired in a prior year business combination, and $111 million of gains from the sale of assets related to our site closures.
other operating expenses for 2014 included certain charges related to our restructuring plan, primarily separation costs of $377 million. it also included a $46 million write-off of a non-key ipr&d program acquired in a prior year business combination.
non-operating expenses/income and provision for income taxes non-operating expenses/income and provision for income taxes were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
provision for income taxes          $1,441                $1,039                  $427
interest expense, net the increases in interest expense, net in 2016 and 2015 were due primarily to a higher average amount of debt outstanding compared with the respective prior year.
interest and other income, net the increase in interest and other income, net for 2016 compared with 2015 was due primarily to higher interest income as a result of higher average cash and investment balances in 2016, offset partially by higher gains on strategic equity investments in 2015. the increase in interest and other income, net for 2015 compared with 2014 was due primarily to higher interest income as a result of higher average cash and investment balances with a modestly higher portfolio yield, offset partially by higher net losses on sales of interest bearing securities in 2015.
income taxes the increase in our effective tax rate for 2016 compared with 2015 was due primarily to the unfavorable tax impact of changes in jurisdictional mix of income and expenses, offset partially by the adoption of a new accounting standard that amends certain aspects of the accounting for employee share-based compensation payments. one aspect of the standard requires that excess tax benefits and deficiencies that arise upon vesting or exercise of share-based payments be recognized as an income tax benefit and expense in the income statement.
the increase in our effective tax rate for 2015 compared with 2014 was due primarily to the unfavorable tax impact of changes in the jurisdictional mix of income and expenses and lower domestic restructuring costs in 2015.
the effective tax rates for 2016, 2015 and 2014 would have been approximately 18.6%, 16.4% and 12.8%, respectively, without the impact of the tax credits associated with the puerto rico excise tax.
as permitted under gaap, we do not provide for u.s. income taxes on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are intended to be invested indefinitely outside the united states.
see summary of critical accounting policies-income taxes and part iv-note 5, income taxes, to the consolidated financial statements.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources selected financial data was as follows (in millions):
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities     $38,085             $31,382
total assets                                         $77,626             $71,449
stockholders' equity                                 $29,875             $28,083
we intend to continue to return capital to stockholders through the payment of cash dividends and stock repurchases reflecting our confidence in the future cash flows of our business. the timing and amount of future dividends and stock repurchases will vary based on a number of factors, including future capital requirements for strategic transactions, the availability of financing on acceptable terms, debt service requirements, our credit rating, changes to applicable tax laws or corporate laws, changes to our business model and periodic determination by our board of directors that cash dividends and/or stock repurchases are in the best interests of stockholders and are in compliance with applicable laws and agreements of the company. in addition, the timing and amount of stock repurchases may also be affected by the stock price and blackout periods, during which we are restricted from repurchasing stock. the manner of stock repurchases may include private block purchases, tender offers and market transactions.
the board of directors declared quarterly cash dividends of $0.61 per share of common stock in 2014, increased our quarterly cash dividend by 30% to $0.79 per share of common stock in 2015, and increased our quarterly cash dividend by 27% to $1.00 per share of common stock in 2016. in december 2016, the board of directors declared a cash dividend of $1.15 per share of common stock for the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 15% for this period, to be paid in march 2017.
we have also returned capital to stockholders through our stock repurchase program. during 2016 and 2015, we repurchased $3.0 billion and $1.9 billion of our common stock, respectively. during the fourth quarter of 2014, we repurchased $153 million of our common stock, of which $138 million was paid in cash by december 31, 2014. as of december 31, 2016, $4.1 billion remained available under the stock repurchase program.
we believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital; capital expenditure and debt service requirements; our plans to pay dividends and repurchase stock; and other business initiatives we plan to strategically pursue, including acquisitions and licensing activities. we anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, borrowings through commercial paper and/or our syndicated credit facilities and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets. with respect to our u.s. operations, we believe that existing funds intended for use in the united states; cash generated from our u.s. operations, including intercompany payments and receipts; and existing sources of and access to financing (collectively, u.s. funds) are adequate to continue meeting our u.s. obligations, including our plans to pay dividends and repurchase stock with u.s. funds, for the foreseeable future. see part i, item 1a. risk factors-global economic conditions may negatively affect us and may magnify certain risks that affect our business.
cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $38.1 billion as of december 31, 2016, approximately $35.9 billion was generated from operations in foreign tax jurisdictions and is intended to be invested indefinitely outside the united states. under current tax laws, if these funds were repatriated for use in our u.s. operations, we would be required to pay additional income taxes at the tax rates then in effect.
the primary objective of our investment portfolio is to enhance overall returns in an efficient manner while maintaining safety of principal, prudent levels of liquidity and acceptable levels of risk. our investment policy limits interest-bearing security investments to certain types of debt and money market instruments issued by institutions with primarily investment-grade credit ratings and places restrictions on maturities and concentration by asset class and issuer.
financing arrangements the current and noncurrent portions of our long-term borrowings at december 31, 2016, were $4.4 billion and $30.2 billion, respectively. the current and noncurrent portions of our long-term borrowings at december 31, 2015, were $2.2 billion and $29.2 billion, respectively. as of december 31, 2016, standard & poor's financial services llc (s&p), moody's investor service, inc. (moody's) and fitch ratings inc. assigned credit ratings to our outstanding senior notes of a with a stable outlook, baa1 with a stable outlook and bbb with a stable outlook, respectively, which are considered investment grade. unfavorable changes to these ratings may have an adverse impact on future financings.
during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we issued debt with aggregate principal amounts of $7.3 billion, $3.5 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively. during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we repaid debt of $3.7 billion, $2.4 billion and $5.6 billion, respectively. for information regarding specific issuances and repayments of debt, see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements.
to achieve a desired mix of fixed and floating interest rate debt, we entered into interest rate swap contracts that effectively converted a fixed-rate interest coupon for certain of our debt issuances to a floating london interbank offered rates (libor)-based coupon over the life of the respective note. these interest rate swap contracts qualified and are designated as fair value hedges. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had interest rate swap contracts with aggregate notional amounts of $6.65 billion. see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, and note 17, derivative instruments, to the consolidated financial statements.
to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with certain of our long-term notes denominated in foreign currencies, we entered into cross-currency swap contracts, which effectively convert the interest payments and principal repayment of the respective notes from euros, pounds sterling and swiss francs to u.s. dollars. these cross-currency swap contracts qualified and are designated as cash flow hedges. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had cross-currency swap contracts with aggregate notional amounts of $5.6 billion and $2.7 billion, respectively. see part iv-note 17, derivative instruments, to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2016, we had a commercial paper program that allows us to issue up to $2.5 billion of unsecured commercial paper to fund our working capital needs. at december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had no amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program, although we anticipate utilizing the commercial paper program in 2017.
in 2014, we entered into a $2.5 billion syndicated, unsecured, revolving credit agreement which is available for general corporate purposes or as a liquidity backstop to our commercial paper program. the commitments under the revolving credit agreement may be increased by up to $500 million with the agreement of the banks. each bank which is a party to the agreement has an initial commitment term of five years. we extended this term by one year during 2016 and may extend the term for an additional year with the agreement of the banks. annual commitment fees for this agreement are 0.09% of the unused portion of the facility based on our current credit rating. generally, we would be charged interest at libor plus 1% for any amounts borrowed under this facility. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, no amounts were outstanding under this facility.
in 2014, we filed a shelf registration statement with the sec that allows us to issue unspecified amounts of debt securities; common stock; preferred stock; warrants to purchase debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares; rights to purchase common stock or preferred stock; securities purchase contracts; securities purchase units; and depositary shares. under this shelf registration statement, all of the securities available for issuance may be offered from time to time with terms to be determined at the time of issuance. this shelf registration statement expires on february 23, 2017, and is expected to be renewed before its expiration date.
in 1997, we established a $400 million medium-term note program under which medium-term debt securities may be offered from time to time with terms to be determined at the time of issuance. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, no securities were outstanding under this medium-term note program.
certain of our financing arrangements contain non-financial covenants. in addition, our revolving credit agreement includes a financial covenant with respect to the level of our borrowings in relation to our equity, as defined. we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under this arrangement as of december 31, 2016. see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements.
cash flows a summary of our cash flow activity was as follows (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities   $10,354               $9,731                $8,952
net cash used in investing activities       $(8,658     )         $(5,547     )         $(5,752     )
net cash used in financing activities       $(2,599     )         $(3,771     )         $(3,274     )
operating cash provided by operating activities has been and is expected to continue to be our primary recurring source of funds. cash provided by operating activities increased during 2016 due primarily to an improved operating margin and the timing of customer payments, offset partially by inventory build, the monetization of foreign currency forward contracts in 2015 and the timing of tax payments. cash provided by operating activities increased during 2015 due primarily to improvement in our operating margin and the monetization of foreign currency contracts that resulted in the receipt of $340 million in cash, offset by the timing of payments to vendors and cash received from customers.
investing capital expenditures, which were associated primarily with manufacturing capacity expansions in singapore, puerto rico and ireland, as well as other site developments, totaled $738 million, $594 million and $718 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we currently estimate 2017 spending on capital projects and equipment to be consistent with 2016 spend.
cash used in investing activities during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, also included the cost of acquiring certain businesses, net of cash acquired, which totaled $359 million and $165 million, respectively.
net cash invested in marketable securities was $7.7 billion, $4.4 billion and $5.0 billion in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. in addition, restricted investments provided $533 million in 2014.
financing cash used in financing activities during 2016 was due primarily to the repayment of debt of $3.7 billion, the payment of dividends of $3.0 billion, repurchases of our common stock of $3.0 billion and withholding taxes arising from shares withheld for share-based payments of $260 million, offset partially by net proceeds from the issuance of debt of $7.3 billion. cash used in financing activities during 2015 was due primarily to the repayment of long-term debt of $2.4 billion, the payment of dividends of $2.4 billion, repurchases of our common stock of $1.9 billion, withholding taxes arising from shares withheld for share-based payments of $401 million and the settlement of contingent consideration obligations incurred in connection with the acquisition of a business of $253 million. these payments were offset partially by net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of $3.5 billion. cash used in financing activities during 2014 was due primarily to the repayment of long-term debt of $5.6 billion, the payment of dividends of $1.9 billion, withholding taxes arising from shares withheld for share-based payments of $225 million and repurchases of our common stock of $138 million. these payments were offset partially by net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of $4.5 billion and net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with the company's equity award programs of $186 million.
see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, and note 15, stockholders' equity, to the consolidated financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are material or reasonably likely to become material to our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations.
contractual obligations contractual obligations represent future cash commitments and liabilities under agreements with third parties, and exclude contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payment. additionally, the expected timing of payment of the obligations presented below is estimated based on current information. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon terms or amounts for some obligations.
unrecognized tax benefits (utbs) (7)                 -                     -                     -                     -                       -
(1)   long-term debt obligations include future interest payments on our fixed rate obligations at the contractual coupon rates. to achieve a desired mix of fixed and floating interest rate debt, we entered into interest rate swap contracts that effectively converted a fixed rate interest coupon for certain of our debt issuances to a floating libor-based coupon over the life of the respective note. we used an interest rate forward curve at december 31, 2016, in computing net amounts to be paid or received under our interest rate swap contracts which resulted in an aggregate net decrease in future interest payments of $39 million. see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements.
(2)   long-term debt obligations include future interest payments on our libor-based variable rate obligations. we used an interest rate forward curve at december 31, 2016, in computing the libor-based portion of interest payments on these debt obligations. see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements.
(3)   long-term debt obligations include contractual interest payments and principal repayment of our foreign-denominated debt obligations. in order to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with certain of our pound sterling and euro denominated long-term debt, we entered into cross-currency swap contracts that effectively convert interest payments and principal repayment on this debt from euros/pounds sterling to u.s. dollars. for purposes of this table, we used the contracted exchange rates in the cross-currency swap contracts to compute the net amounts of future interest payments and principal repayments on this debt. see part iv-note 17, derivative instruments, to the consolidated financial statements.
(4)   interest payments and the repayment of principal on our 4.375% 2018 euro notes were translated into u.s. dollars at the foreign currency exchange rate in effect at december 31, 2016. see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements.
(5)   operating lease obligations exclude $228 million of future receipts under noncancelable subleases of abandoned facilities.
(6)   purchase obligations relate primarily to: (i) r&amp;d commitments (including those related to clinical trials) for new and existing products; (ii) capital expenditures; and (iii) open purchase orders for the acquisition of goods and services in the ordinary course of business. our obligation to pay certain of these amounts may be reduced based on certain future events.
(7)   liabilities for utbs (net of foreign tax credits and federal tax benefit of state taxes) and related accrued interest and penalties totaling approximately $2.5 billion at december 31, 2016, are not included in the table above because, due to their nature, there is a high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows and other events that extinguish these liabilities.
in addition to amounts in the table above, we are contractually obligated to pay additional amounts, which in the aggregate are significant, upon the achievement of various development, regulatory and commercial milestones for agreements we have entered into with third parties, including contingent consideration incurred in the acquisitions of dezima pharma b.v. (dezima) and biovex group inc. (biovex). these payments are contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, substantially all of which have a high degree of uncertainty of occurring. these contingent payments have not been included in the table above, and, except with respect to the fair value of the contingent consideration obligations, are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. as of december 31, 2016, the maximum amount that may be payable in the future for agreements we have entered into with third parties is approximately $7.5 billion, including $1.6 billion of contingent consideration payments in connection with the acquisitions of dezima and biovex. see part iv-note 16, fair value measurement to the consolidated financial statements.
summary of critical accounting policies the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the notes to the financial statements. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
product sales and sales deductions revenues from sales of our products are recognized when the products are shipped and title and risk of loss have passed. product sales are recorded net of accruals for estimated rebates, wholesaler chargebacks, cash discounts and other deductions (collectively, sales deductions) and returns, which are established at the time of sale.
we analyze the adequacy of our accruals for sales deductions quarterly. amounts accrued for sales deductions are adjusted when trends or significant events indicate that adjustment is appropriate. accruals are also adjusted to reflect actual results. amounts recorded in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets for sales deductions were as follows (in millions):
amounts charged against product sales       2,499                3,399                       688               6,586
amounts charged against product sales       2,734                4,275                       732               7,741
amounts charged against product sales       3,479                5,270                       905               9,654
for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, total sales deductions were 31%, 27% and 25% of gross product sales, respectively. included in the amounts are immaterial net adjustments related to prior-year sales due to changes in estimates. such amounts represent less than 1% of the aggregate sales deductions charged against product sales in each of the three years ended december 31, 2016.
in the united states, we utilize wholesalers as the principal means of distributing our products to healthcare providers, such as physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies. products we sell in europe are distributed principally to hospitals and/or wholesalers depending on the distribution practice in each country where the product is sold. we monitor the inventory levels of our products at our wholesalers by using data from our wholesalers and other third parties, and we believe wholesaler inventories have been maintained at appropriate levels (generally two to three weeks) given end-user demand. accordingly, historical fluctuations in wholesaler inventory levels have not significantly impacted our method of estimating sales deductions and returns.
accruals for sales deductions are based primarily on estimates of the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related sales. these estimates take into consideration current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market events and trends, internal and external historical data and forecasted customer buying patterns. sales deductions are substantially product-specific and, therefore, for any given year, can be impacted by the mix of products sold.
rebates include primarily amounts paid to payers and providers in the united states, including those paid to state medicaid programs, and are based on contractual arrangements or statutory requirements which vary by product, by payer and by individual payer plans. as we sell product, we estimate the amount of rebate we will pay based on the product sold, contractual terms, estimated patient population, historical experience and wholesaler inventory levels and accrue these rebates in the period the related sale is recorded. we then adjust the rebate accruals as more information becomes available and to reflect actual claims experience. estimating such rebates is complicated, in part because of the time delay between the date of sale and the actual settlement of the liability. we believe the methodology we use to accrue for rebates is reasonable and appropriate given current facts and circumstances, but actual results may differ.
wholesaler chargebacks relate to our contractual agreements to sell products to healthcare providers in the united states at fixed prices that are lower than the prices we charge wholesalers. when healthcare providers purchase our products through wholesalers at these reduced prices, wholesalers charge us for the difference between their purchase price and the contractual price between amgen and the healthcare providers. the provision for chargebacks is based on the expected sales by our wholesaler customers to healthcare providers. accruals for wholesaler chargebacks are less difficult to estimate than rebates and closely approximate actual results since chargeback amounts are fixed at the date of purchase by the healthcare providers, and we generally settle the liability for these deductions within a few weeks.
product returns returns are estimated through comparison of historical return data to their related sales on a production lot basis. historical rates of return are determined for each product and are adjusted for known or expected changes in the marketplace specific to each product, when appropriate. in each of the past three years, sales return provisions have amounted to less than 1% of gross product sales. changes in estimates for prior-year sales return provisions have historically been insignificant.
income taxes we provide for income taxes based on pretax income and applicable tax rates available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate.
we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements on a particular tax position are measured based on the largest benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. the amount of utbs is adjusted as appropriate for changes in facts and circumstances, such as significant amendments to existing tax law, new regulations or interpretations by the taxing authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination, or resolution of an examination. we believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and sufficient for any assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns. we recognize both accrued interest and penalties, where appropriate, related to utbs in income tax expense.
certain items are included in our tax return at different times than they are reflected in the financial statements and cause temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. such temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are generally items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in the tax return in future years but for which we have already recorded the tax benefit in the financial statements. we establish valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets when the amount of expected future taxable income is not likely to support the use of the deduction or credit. deferred tax liabilities are either: (i) tax expenses recognized in the financial statements for which payment has been deferred; (ii) expenses for which we have already taken a deduction on the tax return, but have not yet recognized the expense in the financial statements; or (iii) liabilities for the difference between the book basis and tax basis of the intangible assets acquired in many business combinations, as future expenses associated with these assets most often will not be tax deductible.
we are a vertically integrated enterprise with operations in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions. we are subject to income tax in the foreign jurisdictions where we conduct activities based on the tax laws and principles of such jurisdictions and the functions, risks and activities performed therein. our pretax income is therefore attributed to domestic or foreign sources based on the operations performed and risks assumed in each location and the tax laws and principles of the respective taxing jurisdictions. for example, we conduct significant operations in puerto rico, a territory of the united states that is treated as a foreign jurisdiction for u.s. tax purposes, pertaining to manufacturing, distribution and other related functions to meet our worldwide product demand. income from our operations in puerto rico is subject to tax incentive grants through 2035.
our effective tax rate reflects the impact of undistributed foreign earnings for which no u.s. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes have been provided because such earnings are intended to be invested indefinitely outside the united states. substantially all of this benefit is attributable to our foreign income associated with our operations conducted in puerto rico.
if future events, including material changes in cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements necessitate that certain assets associated with these earnings be repatriated to the united states, under current tax laws an additional tax provision and related liability would be required at the applicable income tax rates which could have a material adverse effect on both our future effective tax rate and our financial results.
our operations are subject to the tax laws, regulations and administrative practices of the united states, u.s. state jurisdictions and other countries in which we do business. significant changes in these rules could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. see part i, item 1a. risk factors -the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability.
contingencies in the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various legal proceedings and other matters such as intellectual property disputes, contractual disputes, governmental investigations and class action suits which are complex in nature and have outcomes that are difficult to predict. (certain of these proceedings are discussed in part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements.) we record accruals for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the related loss can be reasonably estimated. we consider all relevant factors when making assessments regarding these contingencies.
while it is not possible to accurately predict or determine the eventual outcomes of these items, an adverse determination in one or more of these items currently pending could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
valuation of assets and liabilities in connection with business combinations we have acquired and continue to acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations. these intangible assets consist primarily of technology associated with currently marketed human therapeutic products and ipr&d product candidates. discounted cash flow models are typically used to determine the fair values of these intangible assets for purposes of allocating consideration paid to the net assets acquired in a business combination. these models require the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to:
•   determining the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects taking into account the stage of completion at the acquisition date;
•   projecting the probability and timing of obtaining marketing approval from the fda and other regulatory agencies for product candidates;
•   estimating the timing of and future net cash flows from product sales resulting from completed products and in-process projects; and
•   developing appropriate discount rates to calculate the present values of the cash flows.
significant estimates and assumptions are also required to determine the acquisition date fair values of any contingent consideration obligations incurred in connection with business combinations. in addition, we must revalue these obligations each subsequent reporting period until the related contingencies are resolved and record changes in their fair values in earnings. the acquisition date fair values of various contingent consideration obligations incurred or assumed in the acquisitions of businesses (see part iv-note 3, business combinations, and note 16, fair value measurement, to the consolidated financial statements.) were determined using a combination of valuation techniques. significant estimates and assumptions required for these valuations included, but were not limited to, the probability of achieving regulatory milestones, product sales projections under various scenarios and discount rates used to calculate the present value of the required payments. these estimates and assumptions are required to be updated in order to revalue these contingent consideration obligations each reporting period. accordingly, subsequent changes in underlying facts and circumstances could result in changes in these estimates and assumptions, which could have a material impact on the estimated future fair values of these obligations.
we believe the fair values used to record intangible assets acquired and contingent consideration obligations incurred in connection with business combinations are based upon reasonable estimates and assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related valuation dates.
impairment of long-lived assets we review the carrying value of our property, plant and equipment and our finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. if such circumstances exist, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows to be generated by the long-lived asset is compared to the carrying value to determine whether an impairment exists. if an asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on the difference between the asset's fair value and its carrying value.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, composed of ipr&d projects acquired in a business combination which have not reached technological feasibility or lack regulatory approval at the time of acquisition, are reviewed for impairment annually, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable and upon establishment of technological feasibility or regulatory approval. we determine impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to its carrying value. if the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference and its carrying value is reduced accordingly.
estimating future cash flows of an ipr&d product candidate for purposes of an impairment analysis requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions regarding the amount and timing of costs to complete the project and the amount, timing and probability of achieving revenues from the completed product similar to how the acquisition date fair value of the project was determined, as described above. there are often major risks and uncertainties associated with ipr&d projects as we are required to obtain regulatory approvals in order to be able to market these products. such approvals require completing clinical trials that demonstrate a product candidate is safe and effective. consequently, the eventual realized value of the acquired ipr&d project may vary from its estimated fair value at the date of acquisition, and ipr&d impairment charges may occur in future periods which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we believe our estimations of future cash flows used for assessing impairment of long-lived assets are based on reasonable assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related dates of the assessments.