item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. within the tables presented throughout this discussion, certain columns may not add due to the use of rounded numbers for disclosure purposes. percentages and earnings per share amounts presented are calculated from the underlying amounts. references to years throughout this discussion relate to our fiscal years, which end on september 30.
company overview description of the company and business segments becton, dickinson and company ("bd") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. the company's organizational structure is based upon two principal business segments, bd medical ("medical") and bd life sciences ("life sciences").
bd's products are manufactured and sold worldwide. our products are marketed in the united states and internationally through independent distribution channels and directly to end-users by bd and independent sales representatives. we organize our operations outside the united states as follows: europe; ema (which includes the commonwealth of independent states, the middle east and africa); greater asia (which includes japan and asia pacific); latin america (which includes mexico, central america, the caribbean, and south america); and canada. we continue to pursue growth opportunities in emerging markets, which include the following geographic regions: eastern europe, the middle east, africa, latin america and certain countries within asia pacific. we are primarily focused on certain countries whose healthcare systems are expanding, in particular, china and india.
strategic objectives bd remains focused on delivering sustainable growth and shareholder value, while making appropriate investments for the future. bd management operates the business consistent with the following core strategies:
•   to increase revenue growth by focusing on our core products, services and solutions that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers;
•   to improve operating effectiveness and balance sheet productivity;
•   to drive an efficient capital structure and strong shareholder returns.
our strategy focuses on four specific areas within healthcare and life sciences:
•   providing tools and technologies to the research community that facilitate the understanding of the cell, cellular diagnostics and cell therapy;
we continue to strive to improve the efficiency of our capital structure and follow these guiding principles:
•   to ensure access to the debt market for strategic opportunities;
•   to optimize the cost of capital based on market conditions.
in assessing the outcomes of these strategies as well as bd's financial condition and operating performance, management generally reviews quarterly forecast data, monthly actual results, segment sales and other similar information. we also consider trends related to certain key financial data, including gross profit margin, selling and administrative expense, investment in research and development, return on invested capital, and cash flows.
acquisition of carefusion on march 17, 2015, bd acquired a 100% interest in carefusion corporation ("carefusion"). carefusion's operating results were included in bd's consolidated results of operations beginning on april 1, 2015 and as such, the consolidated results of operations for the first six months of fiscal year 2015 referenced in the commentary provided further below did not include carefusion's results. carefusion operates as part of our medical segment.
summary of financial results worldwide revenues in 2016 of $12.483 billion increased 21.4% from the prior year, compared with an increase of 21.7% in 2015. revenue growth in 2016 largely reflected the impact from the inclusion of carefusion's sales in the company's results for a full fiscal year in 2016 as compared with only half the fiscal year in 2015, as discussed above. revenues in 2016 also reflected volume growth of approximately 4.2%, which included an unfavorable impact from the termination of a distribution agreement in the respiratory solutions unit. revenue growth in 2016 additionally reflected an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of approximately 3.1% and a relatively immaterial favorable impact from price. revenue growth in 2015 reflected a 24.1% impact from the inclusion of carefusion's sales in the company's results from april 1, 2015, as discussed above, as well as volume growth of 5.1% and unfavorable foreign currency translation of 7.5%.
•   medical segment volume growth was driven by the medication and procedural solutions unit's international sales of safety-engineered products, the diabetes care unit's sales of pen needles and the pharmaceutical systems unit's sales of self-injection systems. fiscal year 2016 revenues in the respiratory solutions unit were unfavorably impacted by the termination of a distribution contract, as noted above.
•   life sciences segment volume growth was driven by the preanalytical systems unit's global sales of safety-engineered products, the diagnostic systems unit's sales of automated platforms and the biosciences unit's u.s. sales of research instrument and reagent sales. the biosciences unit's international fiscal year 2016 revenues were unfavorably impacted by pressure on sales of hiv-related clinical products in africa.
•   worldwide sales of safety-engineered products reflected volume growth that was attributable to both segments. fiscal year 2016 sales in the united states of safety-engineered devices of $1.805 billion increased 22.8% and fiscal year 2016 international sales of safety-engineered devices of $1.231 billion grew 9.3% over the prior year's period, inclusive of an estimated 7.5% unfavorable impact due to foreign currency translation.
we continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product promotions to drive further revenue and profit growth. our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. while the economic environment for the healthcare industry has stabilized, pricing pressures continue for some of our products. healthcare utilization has stabilized and slightly improved in the united states; however, any destabilization in the future could adversely impact our u.s. businesses. additionally, macroeconomic challenges in europe continue to constrain healthcare utilization, although we currently view the environment as stable. in emerging markets, the company's growth is dependent primarily on government funding for healthcare systems.
our financial position remains strong, with cash flows from operating activities totaling $2.559 billion in 2016. at september 30, 2016, we had $1.6 billion in cash and equivalents and short-term investments. we continued to return value to our shareholders in the form of dividends. during fiscal year 2016, we paid cash dividends of $562 million. no shares were repurchased during fiscal year 2016.
each reporting period, we face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that fluctuate from the beginning of such period. the ongoing relative strength of the u.s. dollar resulted in an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact to our revenue growth during the fiscal year. we evaluate our results of operations on both a reported and a foreign currency-neutral basis, which excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. as exchange rates are an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons, we believe the presentation of results on a foreign currency-neutral basis in addition to reported results helps improve investors' ability to understand our operating results and evaluate our performance in comparison to prior periods. foreign currency-neutral ("fxn") information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period-over-period. we use results on a foreign currency-neutral basis as one measure to evaluate our performance. we calculate foreign currency-neutral percentages by converting our current-period local currency financial results using the prior-period foreign currency exchange rates and comparing these adjusted amounts to our current-period results. these results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). results on a foreign currency-neutral basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not measures of performance presented in accordance with u.s. gaap.
results of operations medical segment the following is a summary of medical revenues by organizational unit:
(b)   in accordance with u.s. gaap business combination accounting rules, carefusion's deferred revenue balance was written down to reflect a fair value measurement as of the acquisition date. the deferred revenue adjustment represents the amortization of this write-down which primarily relates to software maintenance contracts in the united states. revenues for these contracts is typically deferred and recognized over the term of the contracts.
overall medical segment revenue growth in 2016 largely reflected the inclusion of carefusion's sales for a full fiscal year in 2016 compared with half the fiscal year in 2015, as previously discussed. medical segment revenue growth in 2016 additionally reflected the medication and procedural solutions unit's international sales of safety-engineered products, the diabetes care unit's sales of pen needles and the pharmaceutical systems unit's sales of self-injection systems. fiscal year 2016 medical segment revenue growth was unfavorably impacted by the termination of a distribution contract, as previously discussed, in the respiratory solutions unit.
overall medical segment growth in 2015 reflected the inclusion of carefusion's sales for the second half of the fiscal year. medical segment growth in 2015 additionally reflected the medication and procedural solutions unit's international sales of
safety-engineered products, the diabetes care unit's sales of pen needles as well as international sales of safety-engineered products and favorable timing of ordering patterns in the pharmaceutical systems unit.
the medical segment's operating income is driven by its performance with respect to gross profit margin and operating expenses. the medical segment's gross profit margin in 2016 was slightly higher as compared with 2015 primarily due to lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous operations improvement projects which improved the efficiency of our operations, partially offset by the recognition of a full year of amortization relating to intangible assets acquired in the carefusion transaction and by unfavorable foreign currency translation. the medical segment's gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues was lower in 2015 as compared with 2014 primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets acquired in the carefusion transaction and the amortization of the acquisition-date write-down of carefusion's deferred revenue balance, as previously discussed. these unfavorable impacts on gross margin in 2015 were partially offset primarily by lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous improvement projects. selling and administrative expense in 2016 as a percentage of medical revenues primarily reflected the suspension of the medical device excise tax imposed under the u.s. patient protection affordable care act. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2015 primarily reflected the inclusion of carefusion's spending, as well as depreciation of fixed assets acquired in the carefusion acquisition, in the second half of 2015 results. research and development expenses in 2016 increased $172 million, or 63% from 2015, which reflected the inclusion of carefusion spending for a full fiscal year, as well as increased investment in new products and platforms. research and development expenses in 2015 increased $85 million, or 46% from 2014, primarily due to the inclusion of carefusion's costs in the second half of 2015 results.
life sciences segment the following is a summary of life sciences revenues by organizational unit:
the life sciences segment's 2016 revenue growth was driven by the preanalytical systems unit's u.s. and international sales of safety-engineered products. segment revenue growth in 2016 also reflected the diagnostic systems unit's sales of automated platforms, including bd kiestratm, bd maxtm, and bd bactectm blood culture systems as well as surepathtm reagents. fiscal year 2016 revenues in the life sciences segment additionally reflected the biosciences unit's research instrument and reagent sales, primarily in the united states, which were partially offset by pressure on sales of the biosciences unit's hiv-related clinical products in africa, as previously discussed.
the life sciences segment's 2015 revenue growth was driven by the preanalytical systems unit's international sales of safety-engineered products as well as by the diagnostic systems unit's worldwide sales of its bd veritortm platform, due to a stronger than normal influenza season, and its automated platforms, including bd kiestratm, bd maxtm, and bd bactectm blood culture systems. this growth was partially offset by share losses related to the diagnostic systems unit's bd probetectm and bd vipertm systems. the life sciences segment's revenue growth in 2015 also reflected the biosciences unit's research instrument and reagent sales in the united states, partially offset by weaker international sales due to lower levels of research funding in japan.
the life sciences segment's operating income is driven by its performance with respect to gross profit margin and operating expenses.  the life sciences segment's gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues was lower in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs resulting from operations improvement projects which improved the efficiency of our operations. the life sciences segment's gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues was lower in fiscal year 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency translation, as well as various immaterial items. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of life sciences revenues in 2016 was also lower compared to 2015 primarily due to the suspension of the medical device excise tax. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of life sciences revenues decreased in 2015 compared with 2014, which reflected a charge to terminate a distributor arrangement. research and development expense in 2016 increased by $14 million, or 5% above spending in 2015, which reflected increased investment in new products and platforms. research and development expense in 2015 was flat compared with research and development expense in 2014. research and development expense in 2015 reflected increased investment in new products and platforms, including the bd vipertm  and bd maxtm platforms, and increased spending relating to acquisitions completed in 2015, which was offset by the prior-year impact of a $20 million asset write-off and costs associated with workforce reduction actions.
(millions of dollars)            2016   2015                2014                       totalchange         estimatedfximpact           fxn change          totalchange         estimatedfximpact           fxn change united states              $6,893              $5,069              $3,417             36.0       %              -                    36.0       %         48.4       %              -                    48.4       %
the medical segment's u.s. revenue growth in 2016 primarily reflected the inclusion of carefusion's u.s. sales for the full fiscal year. u.s. medical segment revenues also reflected growth in sales of the segment's legacy products, particularly the medication and procedural solutions unit's infusion disposables and the pharmaceutical systems unit's self-injection systems. u.s. life sciences revenue growth in 2016 was driven by sales of the preanalytical systems unit's safety-engineered products and the diagnostic systems unit's microbiology and molecular diagnostic platforms, as well as by research instrument placements and research reagent sales in the biosciences unit. u.s. life sciences growth in 2016 was partially offset by a milder influenza season in 2016 as compared to 2015.
the medical segment's u.s. revenue growth in 2015 reflected the inclusion of carefusion's u.s. sales of approximately $1.5 billion in results for the second half of 2015, as well as overall strength in the segment's legacy product portfolio, which was particularly driven by sales of infusion disposables and safety-engineered products. u.s. life sciences revenue growth in 2015 benefited from a stronger than normal influenza season, as discussed previously, and growth in the biosciences unit's research reagents and instrument placements, reflecting a favorable funding environment in the u.s. market. u.s. life sciences growth in 2015 was unfavorably impacted by share losses related to the bd probetectm and bd vipertm systems.
the medical segment's international revenue growth in 2016 was driven by the inclusion of carefusion's sales for the full fiscal year, as well as by sales of the medication and procedural solutions unit's safety-engineered products and flush products. the life sciences segment's fiscal year 2016 revenue growth was driven by the preanalytical systems unit's sales of safety-engineered products primarily in western europe and asia pacific, as well as by the diagnostic systems unit's sales of microbiology and women's health and cancer platforms in western europe and latin america. the biosciences unit 2016 international revenue growth was negatively impacted by the pressure on sales of hiv-related clinical products in africa.
international medical segment revenue growth in 2015 reflected the inclusion of carefusion's sales in results for the second half of 2015, as well as growth of sales in emerging markets and sales of safety-engineered products in the medication and procedural solutions and pharmaceutical systems units. the medical segment's international revenue growth in 2015 additionally reflected sales of flush products as well as sales of pen needles in the diabetes care unit. international life sciences revenue growth in 2015 was largely driven by growth in emerging markets as well as by sales of safety-engineered
products. international life sciences revenue growth in 2015 also benefited from growth in sales of microbiology products, including lab automation products, but was partially offset by weaker biosciences unit sales primarily due to lower levels of research funding in japan.
effective october 1, 2015, we changed the composition of countries that we define as emerging markets within the asia pacific region. on this redefined basis, emerging market revenues were $1.9 billion, $1.8 billion and $1.7 billion in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. unfavorable foreign currency translation impacted emerging market revenues in 2016 and 2015 by an estimated $156 million and $142 million, respectively. emerging market revenue growth in 2016 reflected the inclusion of carefusion's sales for the full fiscal year, as well as growth in china and latin america, partially offset by declines in the middle east and africa. emerging market revenues in 2015 primarily reflected the inclusion of carefusion's revenues in the second half of 2015.
specified items reflected in the financial results for 2016, 2015 and 2014 were the following specified items:
total specified items                    1,261             1,186               153
tax impact of specified items              369               400                52
after-tax impact of specified items       $892              $786              $101
(a)   represents financing, transaction, integration and restructuring costs substantially associated with the carefusion acquisition and portfolio rationalization. the financing costs were recorded in interest expense. the transaction, integration and restructuring costs were recorded in acquisitions and other restructurings. for further discussion of these charges, refer to notes 1, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
(b)   primarily represents non-cash amortization expense associated with acquisition-related identifiable intangible assets. bd's amortization expense is primarily recorded in cost of products sold. amortization and depreciation expense relating to assets acquired in the carefusion transaction was $492 million in 2016 compared with $284 million in 2015. the adjustments in 2016 also included a net decrease in the fair value of certain contingent consideration liabilities of $25 million. the adjustments in 2015 included a fair value step-up adjustment of $293 million recorded relative to carefusion's inventory on the acquisition date and a pre-tax acquisition-date accounting gain of $9 million on a previously held investment.
(c)   represents charges incurred in 2014 by the medical and life sciences segments of $6 million and $20 million, respectively, in connection with the segments' terminations of certain development programs.
(d)   the amount in 2015 represents a charge for plaintiff attorneys' fees, recorded in selling and administrative expense associated with the antitrust and false advertising lawsuit retractable technologies, inc. filed against bd, partially offset by an adjustment to reduce a liability for employee termination costs recorded relative to workforce reduction actions taken in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014. the amount in 2014 primarily represented the $36 million charge recorded relative to workforce reduction actions. for further discussion of these charges, refer to notes 5 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
gross profit margin the comparison of gross profit margins in 2016 and 2015 and the comparison of gross profit margins in 2015 and 2014 reflected the following impacts:
gross profit margin % prior-year period                              45.7   %         50.9    %
carefusion acquisition-related asset depreciation and amortization    0.6   %         (5.5   )%
gross profit margin % current-year period                            48.0   %         45.7    %
gross profit margin in 2016 benefited from a favorable comparison to 2015, which reflected the fair value step-up adjustment recorded relative to carefusion's inventory on the acquisition date, as previously discussed, partially offset by the recognition in 2016 of a full year of amortization relating to carefusion's intangible assets. the operating performance impacts in 2016 and 2015 primarily reflected lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous operations improvement projects which improved the efficiency of our operations.
acquisitions and other restructurings        $728                $426                  $-
selling and administrative selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2016 reflected synergies resulting from the carefusion acquisition, as well as favorable foreign currency translation and a suspension of the medical device excise tax, as previously discussed. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2016 was unfavorably impacted by higher selling expenses relating to product launches and higher shipping expenses. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2015 reflected favorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by the impacts of increased spending relating to the expansion of our business in emerging markets, a charge relating to the rti litigation matter, as previously discussed, as well as depreciation of fixed assets acquired in the carefusion acquisition.
research and development research and development expense in 2016 reflected the inclusion of carefusion's research and development expenses in the company's results for the full fiscal year 2016 and increased investment in high growth opportunities. research and development expense in 2015 reflected the inclusion of carefusion's research and development expenses in the results for the second half of fiscal year 2015. research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2015 was lower in comparison to 2014, which included a workforce reduction charge, asset write-offs and program termination charges as well as ongoing investment in new products and platforms within the medical segment.
acquisitions and other restructurings costs relating to acquisitions and other restructurings represented transaction, integration and restructuring costs substantially associated with the carefusion acquisition and portfolio rationalization. the transaction and integration costs specifically included advisory, legal, and other costs substantially incurred in connection with the carefusion acquisition. restructuring costs in 2016 included a $214 million charge recorded to impair capitalized internal-use software assets held for sale as a result of the information technology function transformation efforts. for further disclosures regarding the costs relating
to acquisitions and other restructurings, refer to notes 1, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
the increase in interest expense in 2016 reflected a full year of increased financing costs associated with the carefusion acquisition, including interest on $6.2 billion of senior unsecured notes issued in december 2014, in anticipation of closing the carefusion acquisition. this increase in financing costs was partially offset by the full year impact of favorable amortization of the acquisition-date fair value step-up on carefusion's long-term debt as well as by the prior-year impact of commitment fees incurred for a bridge loan facility that was terminated in march 2015. the increase in interest expense in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily reflected interest associated with the $6.2 billion of senior unsecured notes and the commitment fees for the bridge loan facility, as discussed above. these increases in interest expense in fiscal year 2015 were partially offset by favorable amortization of the fair value step-up recorded on carefusion's long-term debt beginning on april 1, 2015. additional disclosures regarding these financing arrangements and our debt instruments are provided in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
the increase in interest income in 2016 reflected the realization of investment gains on assets related to our deferred compensation plans, compared with the realization of losses in 2015, partially offset by lower cash levels outside of the united states. the offsetting movements in the deferred compensation plan liability were recorded in selling and administrative expense. the decrease in interest income in 2015 compared with 2014 reflected lower cash levels outside of the united states as well as investment losses on assets related to our deferred compensation plan.
the increase in the effective income tax rate from 2015 to 2016 is primarily due to the decrease in tax benefits on specified items. the tax benefits of the specified items shown earlier reduced the income tax rates in 2016 and 2015 by 1,090 and 1,720 basis points, respectively, as the tax benefits on these specified items were primarily incurred in higher tax jurisdictions. the income tax rates in fiscal years 2016 and 2015 also reflected the extension of the u.s. research and development income tax credit, which was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of one-time discrete items.  the effective income tax rate in 2014 reflected our decision to change our position of permanent reinvestment with respect to the unremitted earnings of brazil and certain other latin american jurisdictions, the impact of which was more than offset by the benefits resulting from discrete one-time items and geographic mix.
unfavorable impact-specified items                                                                                                                                $(4.10      )       $(3.79      )       $(0.51      )
dilutive impact from shares issued as consideration for the carefusion acquisition (prior to the inclusion of carefusion in consolidated results of operations)   $-                  $(0.02      )       $-
financial instrument market risk we selectively use financial instruments to manage market risk, primarily foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk relating to our ongoing business operations. the counterparties to these contracts are highly rated financial institutions. we do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
foreign exchange risk bd and its subsidiaries transact business in various foreign currencies throughout europe, greater asia, canada and latin america. we face foreign currency exposure from the effect of fluctuating exchange rates on payables and receivables relating to transactions that are denominated in currencies other than our functional currency. these payables and receivables primarily arise from intercompany transactions. we hedge substantially all such exposures, primarily through the use of forward contracts. we also face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations, including sales, to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of a reporting period. from time to time, we may purchase forward contracts and options to hedge certain forecasted transactions that are denominated in foreign currencies in order to partially protect against a reduction in the value of future earnings resulting from adverse foreign exchange rate movements. gains or losses on derivative instruments are largely offset by the gains or losses on the underlying hedged transactions. we did not enter into contracts to hedge cash flows against foreign currency fluctuations in fiscal year 2016 or 2015.
derivative financial instruments are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value. for foreign currency derivatives, market risk is determined by calculating the impact on fair value of an assumed change in foreign exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. fair values were estimated based upon observable inputs, specifically spot currency rates and foreign currency prices for similar assets and liabilities.
with respect to the foreign currency derivative instruments outstanding at september 30, 2016 and 2015, the impact changes in the u.s. dollar would have on pre-tax earnings was estimated as follows:
interest rate risk our primary interest rate risk relates to u.s. dollar borrowings which are partially offset by u.s. dollar cash investments. when managing interest rate exposures, we strive to achieve an appropriate balance between fixed and floating rate instruments. we may enter into interest rate swaps to help maintain this balance and manage debt and interest-bearing investments in tandem, since these items have an offsetting impact on interest rate exposure. for interest rate derivative instruments, fair values are measured based upon the present value of expected future cash flows using market-based observable inputs including credit risk and interest rate yield curves. market risk for these instruments is determined by calculating the impact to fair value of an assumed change in interest rates across all maturities.
with respect to the interest rate derivatives outstanding at september 30, 2016 and 2015, the impact changes in the interest rate would have on the fair value of these derivatives was estimated as follows:
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our consolidated statement of cash flows in 2016, 2015 and 2014:
operating activities              $2,559                 $1,730           $1,746
investing activities              $(669       )         $(8,318   )       $(948       )
financing activities              $(1,761     )          $6,190           $(807       )
net cash flows from operating activities the fiscal year 2016, 2015 and 2014 changes in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to net income, as adjusted for depreciation and amortization and other non-cash items. the fiscal year 2016 change in operating assets and liabilities was a net source of cash and primarily reflected higher levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses as well as lower levels of inventory, prepayments and financing receivables, partially offset by higher levels of accounts receivables. the fiscal year 2015 change in operating assets and liabilities was a net source of cash and primarily reflected lower levels of inventory and higher levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by higher levels of prepayments. the lower levels of inventory reflected the impact, primarily recognized in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015, of the acquisition fair value step-up adjustment recorded relative to carefusion's inventory on the acquisition date. net cash provided by operating activities in 2016 was reduced by changes in the pension obligation resulting primarily from a discretionary cash contribution of $100 million. net cash provided by operating activities in 2015 increased by changes in the pension obligation as current-year expense was partially offset by discretionary contributions of $40 million. the previously discussed non-cash charge recorded to impair capitalized internal-use software assets held for sale is included as other operating activities.
net cash flows from investing activities capital expenditures our investments in capital expenditures are focused on projects that enhance our cost structure and manufacturing capabilities, and support our strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in growing markets. capital expenditures of $693 million, $596 million, $592 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily related to manufacturing capacity expansions and details of spending by segment are contained in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
investments cash inflows from the sales of investments of $840 million in 2015 were attributable to the maturities of time deposits in europe, latin america and asia pacific.
acquisitions of businesses cash outflows relating to acquisitions in 2015 and 2014 were $8.4 billion and $40 million, respectively. cash outflows relating to acquisitions in 2015 were primarily attributable to the completion of the carefusion acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal year 2015. cash outflows relating to acquisitions in 2014 represented cash paid to acquire alverix, inc. in the second quarter of fiscal year 2014. for further discussion, refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
net cash flows from financing activities net cash used for financing activities in 2016 included a net $500 million reduction of our commercial paper program balance and the third quarter repayment of $750 million of floating rate notes due on june 15, 2016. net cash provided by financing activities in 2015 included the proceeds, which were used to finance our acquisition of carefusion, from $6.2 billion of notes issued in december 2014 and $500 million total proceeds from net borrowings under commercial paper programs. for additional information regarding these financing arrangements, refer to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data and for additional information regarding the carefusion acquisition, refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
debt-related activities certain measures relating to our total debt were as follows:
total debt as a percentage of total capital (a)        57.2   %            59.4   %            43.6   %
(a)   represents shareholders' equity, net non-current deferred income tax liabilities, and debt.
the ratio of short-term debt as a percentage of total debt at september 30, 2016 primarily reflected the reclassifications, from long-term debt to short-term debt, of $500 million of 1.75% notes due on november 8, 2016 and $300 million of 1.450% notes due may 15, 2017, offset by the repayment of $750 million of floating rate notes, as previously discussed. the ratio of short-term debt as a percentage of total debt at september 30, 2015 reflected the reclassification, from long-term debt to short-term debt, of $750 million of floating rate notes due on june 15, 2016. the ratios of debt as a percentage of total capital at september 30, 2015 and 2014 also reflect adjustments to the consolidated balance sheet resulting from our adoption of revised presentation requirements relating to deferred taxes. additional information regarding this adoption is provided in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
cash and short-term investments at september 30, 2016, total worldwide cash and short-term investments were $1.568 billion, of which $966 million was held in jurisdictions outside of the united states. we regularly review the amount of cash and short-term investments held outside the united states and currently intend to use such amounts to fund our international operations and their growth initiatives. in addition, if these amounts were repatriated from foreign jurisdictions to the united states, there could be adverse tax consequences.
credit facilities we have in place a commercial paper borrowing program which is available to meet our short-term financing needs, including working capital requirements. in february 2016, we increased the size of this program by $500 million so that it allows us to issue a maximum of $1.5 billion in notes. borrowings outstanding under this program were $200 million at september 30, 2016, which reflected a net reduction of $500 million from our outstanding balance of commercial paper borrowings at september 30, 2015, as previously discussed.
in january 2016, we replaced an existing $1 billion syndicated credit facility with a $1.5 billion syndicated credit facility that has an expiration date of january 2021. there were no borrowings outstanding under this credit facility at september 30, 2016. the credit facility, under which we may issue up to $100 million in letters of credit, provides backup support for our commercial paper program and can also be used for other general corporate purposes. it includes a provision that enables bd, subject to additional commitments made by the lenders, to access up to an additional $500 million in financing through the facility for a maximum aggregate commitment of $2 billion. the credit facility includes a single financial covenant that requires bd to maintain an interest expense coverage ratio of not less than 5-to-1 for the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters. we were in compliance with this covenant as of september 30, 2016. we also have informal lines of credit outside the united states.
in november 2016, we announced that we commenced tender offers for certain of our senior unsecured notes. we expect to finance the tender offer through an issuance of senior notes, cash on hand and other sources of liquidity.
access to capital and credit ratings our ability to generate cash flow from operations, issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms could be adversely affected in the event there was a material decline in the demand for our products, deterioration in our key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other significantly unfavorable changes in conditions.
bd's credit ratings at september 30, 2016 were as follows:
outlook                 stable                  stable subsequent to bd's completion of the carefusion acquisition in 2015, standard & poor's ratings services, one of the major corporate debt rating organizations, downgraded bd's long-term debt and commercial paper ratings from a to bbb+ and from a-1 to a-2, respectively. another major corporate debt rating organization, moody's investors service, downgraded bd's long-term debt rating, from a3 to baa2. there were no changes to bd's long-term debt and commercial paper ratings with either rating organization during 2016.
bd's credit ratings remained investment grade after these downgrades and while such downgrades in our credit ratings may increase the costs associated with maintaining and borrowing under our existing credit arrangements, the downgrades do not affect our ability to draw on these credit facilities, nor do they result in an acceleration of the scheduled maturities of any outstanding debt. we believe that given our debt ratings, our financial management policies, our ability to generate cash flow and the non-cyclical, geographically diversified nature of our businesses, we would have access to additional short-term and long-term capital should the need arise. a rating reflects only the view of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. ratings can be revised upward or downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a change.
contractual obligations in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future. the table below sets forth bd's significant contractual obligations and related scheduled payments as of september 30, 2016:
unrecognized tax benefits(c)           -                   -                   -                     -                           -
(b)   purchase obligations are for purchases made in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital requirements.
(c)   unrecognized tax benefits at september 30, 2016 of $457 million were all long-term in nature. due to the uncertainty related to the timing of the reversal of these tax positions, the related liability has been excluded from the table.
(d)   required funding obligations for 2016 relating to pension and other postretirement benefit plans are not expected to be material.
critical accounting policies the following discussion supplements the descriptions of our accounting policies contained in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. for any given estimate or assumption made by management, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. actual results that differ from management's estimates could have an unfavorable effect on our
consolidated financial statements. management believes the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:
revenue recognition some of our sales transactions qualify as multiple-element arrangements which require us to identify separate units of accounting within the arrangement and allocate the transaction consideration across these separate accounting units. for arrangements that include software and non-software elements, the transaction consideration is allocated to the software elements as a group as well as to the individual non-software elements that have been separately identified. the identification of accounting units and the allocation of total transaction consideration for multiple-element arrangements may be subjective and requires a degree of management judgment. management's judgments relative to multiple-element arrangements may affect the timing of revenue recognition.
transaction consideration for separately identified non-software units of accounting within an arrangement is recognized upon the completion of each deliverable based on its relative selling price. when applying the relative selling price method, the selling price of each deliverable is determined based upon the following hierarchy of evidence: vendor-specific objective evidence, which is generally based upon historical prices in stand-alone transactions; third-party evidence, which is generally based on market data on sales of similar products and services, if available; and management's best estimate of selling price. management's best estimate of selling price is generally based upon the following considerations: stand-alone sales prices, established price lists, costs to produce, profit margins for similar products, market conditions, and customer stratification.
for software and software-related products, we use the relative fair value method to allocate transaction consideration to each unit of accounting; whereby the evidence used in the determination of fair value estimates are based solely on vendor-specific objective evidence. to the extent that vendor specific objective evidence does not exist for delivered elements of the transaction, we apply the residual method.
the revenue allocated to equipment or instruments in multiple-element arrangements is recognized upon transfer of title and risk of loss to the customer. the revenue allocated to extended warranty contracts and software maintenance contracts is deferred and recognized as these deliverables are performed under the arrangement. the majority of deferred revenue relating to extended warranty contracts is generally recognized within a few years whereas deferred revenue relating to software maintenance contracts is generally recognized over a longer period.
accounting for sales-type leases our accounting for sales-type leases is based upon certain assumptions including the economic life of our leased products and the fair value of our leased products, which is used to determine the interest rate implicit to the lease. these assumptions affect that amount of gross investment in the lease, unearned income, and the sales price that is recognized relative to each sales-type lease transaction. based upon our anticipation of future technological advances of our products or that of our competitors, the economic life of our leased products is five years as this is the estimated period during which the leased product is expected to be economically usable, without limitation by the lease term. additionally, five years represents the most frequent contractual lease term for our leased products. our product configurations are customized for each customer's specifications, and as such, there is no significant after-market for our used equipment. residual values, if any, are established at lease inception using estimates of the fair value of reclaimable component parts of the products at the end of the lease term.
the fair value of our leased products is estimated on a quarterly basis, based upon transacted cash sales prices during the preceding 12-month period, and represents normal selling price, reflecting any volume or trade discounts that may apply. because our products are sold as part of customized systems to a diverse range of customers, many of which are affiliated with a group purchasing organization or integrated delivery network, there is a wide range of negotiated cash selling prices for our products. accordingly, we stratify our cash selling transactions based on product configuration and customer class to determine a best estimate of fair value for each product specific, within determined customer classes. based upon this stratification, we calculate the weighted average selling price of each configured product using the interquartile range methodology and remove outliers from the population of normal cash selling prices, which narrows the range of selling prices within each stratified customer class. the resulting weighted average selling price is the single point estimate of fair value that we use as the normal selling price and this fair value estimate is used to determine the implicit interest rate for each product subject to a sales-type lease arrangement. in certain instances, we do not have sufficient corresponding historical cash selling transactions to support fair values of specific combinations of product configurations and customer classes. in these instances, fair value is estimated by applying the average discount percentage given to the respective customer class, over the trailing 12 months, to the list price of the products whose fair value was not determined using the interquartile range methodology described above. the resulting fair value(s) is then used to derive the implicit rate of the lease. the interest rate implicit to the lease is then used to determine the amount of revenue recognized at the inception of the lease and the revenue recognized over the life of the lease.
our net investment in sales-type leases primarily arises from the leasing of dispensing equipment and as such, the methodology for determining the relating allowance for credit losses is based on the collective population and is not stratified
by class or portfolio segment. the allowance for credit losses is based on historical experience loss rates as well as on management's judgments regarding the potential impact of anticipated changes in business practices, market dynamics, and economic conditions. these assumptions are inherently subjective and it is possible that we will experience actual credit losses that are different from our current estimates.
accounting for software products we sell and lease products with embedded software and as such, we must evaluate these products to determine if industry-specific revenue recognition requirements apply to these sales transactions. this evaluation process is often complex and subject to significant judgment. if software is considered not essential to the non-software elements of a product but is considered more than incidental to a product as a whole, the product's software elements must be separated from its non-software elements under the requirements relating to multiple-element arrangements. the product's software elements must be accounted for under software industry-specific revenue recognition requirements and the application of these requirements may significantly affect the timing and amount of revenue recognized.
while we have determined that the software embedded in the following product groupings is more than incidental to the products as a whole, the non-software elements (i.e., hardware) and software elements work together to deliver the essential functionality of these products as a whole. as such, the accounting for these product offerings does not fall within the scope of software industry-specific accounting requirements:
•   infusion products (when sold with safety software, patient identification products and certain diagnostic equipment) within our medication management solutions unit;
•   dispensing products within our medication management solutions unit;
•   research and clinical instruments within our biosciences unit.
our standalone software application sales and any related post-contract support related to these sales are accounted for under the software industry-specific revenue recognition requirements.
impairment of assets goodwill and in-process research and development assets are subject to impairment reviews at least annually, or whenever indicators of impairment arise. intangible assets with finite lives, including developed technology, and other long-lived assets, are periodically reviewed for impairment when impairment indicators are present.
we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. our reporting units generally represent one level below reporting segments and we aggregate components within an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics. potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value. our annual goodwill impairment test performed on july 1, 2016 did not result in any impairment charges, as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.
we generally use the income approach to derive the fair value for impairment assessments. this approach calculates fair value by estimating future cash flows attributable to the assets and then discounting these cash flows to a present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. we selected this method because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures our income producing assets. this approach requires significant management judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, appropriate discount rates and other assumptions and estimates. the estimates and assumptions used are consistent with bd's business plans. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the asset, and potentially result in different impacts to bd's results of operations. actual results may differ from management's estimates.
income taxes bd maintains valuation allowances where it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. changes in valuation allowances are included in our tax provision in the period of change. in determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, management evaluates factors such as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carry back and carry forward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset.
bd conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress in a number of tax jurisdictions. in evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we record accruals for uncertain tax positions based on the technical support for the positions, our past audit experience with similar situations, and the potential interest and penalties related to the matters. bd's effective tax rate in any given period could be impacted if, upon resolution with taxing authorities, we prevailed in positions for which reserves have been established, or we were required to pay amounts in excess of established reserves.
bd has reviewed its needs in the u.s. for possible repatriation of undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries and, with exception for certain countries, continues to invest foreign subsidiaries earnings outside of the u.s. to fund foreign investments or meet foreign working capital and property, plant and equipment expenditure needs. deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are indefinitely reinvested. at september 30, 2016, the cumulative amount of such undistributed earnings indefinitely reinvested outside the united states was $8.7 billion. the determination of the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the undistributed earnings is not practicable because of the complexities associated with its hypothetical calculation.
contingencies we are involved, both as a plaintiff and a defendant, in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including, without limitation, product liability, antitrust and environmental matters, as further discussed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. we assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. we establish accruals to the extent probable future losses are estimable (in the case of environmental matters, without considering possible third-party recoveries). a determination of the amount of accruals, if any, for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each individual issue and, when appropriate, is developed after consultation with outside counsel. the accruals may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in our strategy in dealing with these matters.
given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. in view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability insurance. in the opinion of management, any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on bd's consolidated results of operations and consolidated net cash flows.
benefit plans we have significant net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit costs that are measured using actuarial valuations. these benefit costs include assumptions for the discount rate. pension benefit costs also include an assumption for the expected return on plan assets. these assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. in addition to the analysis below, see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for additional discussion.
the discount rate is selected each year based on investment grade bonds and other factors as of the measurement date (september 30). specifically for the u.s. pension plan, we will use a discount rate of 3.43% for 2017, which was based on an actuarially-determined, company-specific yield curve to measure liabilities as of the measurement date. to calculate the pension expense in 2017, we will apply the individual spot rates along the yield curve that correspond with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments in order to calculate interest cost and service cost. additional disclosures regarding the method to be used in calculating the interest cost and service cost components of pension expense for 2017 are provided in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption, although reviewed each year, changes less frequently due to the long-term nature of the assumption. this assumption does not impact the measurement of assets or liabilities as of the measurement date; rather, it is used only in the calculation of pension expense. to determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider many factors, including our historical assumptions compared with actual results; benchmark data; expected returns on various plan asset classes, as well as current and expected asset allocations. we will use a long-term expected rate of return on plan assets assumption of 7.25% for the u.s. pension plan in 2017. we believe our discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions are appropriate based upon the above factors.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions for our u.s. pension and other postretirement and postemployment plans are as follows:
•   discount rate - a change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $4 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on the total u.s. net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plan costs. this estimate assumes no change in the shape or steepness of the company-specific yield curve used to plot the individual spot rates that will be applied to the future cash outflows for future benefit payments in order to calculate interest and service cost.
•   expected return on plan assets - a change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $3 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on u.s. pension plan costs.
the statement of operations as compensation expense (based on their fair values) over the vesting period of the awards. we determine the fair value of certain share-based awards using a lattice-based binomial option valuation model that incorporates certain assumptions, such as the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected dividend yield and expected life of the options. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for additional discussion.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements bd and its representatives may from time to time make certain forward-looking statements in publicly released materials, both written and oral, including statements contained in filings with the securities and exchange commission, press releases, and our reports to shareholders. forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "plan," "expect," "believe," "intend," "will,", "may", "anticipate," "estimate" and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other things, discussions of future operations and financial performance (including volume growth, sales and earnings per share growth, and cash flows) and statements regarding our strategy for growth, future product development, regulatory approvals, competitive position and expenditures. all statements that address our future operating performance or events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future are forward-looking statements.
the following are some important factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our expectations in any forward-looking statements. for further discussion of certain of these factors, see item 1a. risk factors.
•   weakness in the global economy and financial markets, which could increase the cost of operating our business, weaken demand for our products and services, negatively impact the prices we can charge for our products and services, or impair our ability to produce our products.
•   competitive factors that could adversely affect our operations, including new product introductions (for example, new forms of drug delivery) by our current or future competitors, increased pricing pressure due to the impact of low-cost manufacturers as certain competitors have established manufacturing sites or have contracted with suppliers in low-cost manufacturing locations as a means to lower their costs, patents attained by competitors (particularly as patents on our products expire), and new entrants into our markets.
•   our ability to achieve our projected level or mix of product sales, as our earnings forecasts are based on projected sales volumes and pricing of many product types, some of which are more profitable than others.
•   the impact of the patient protection and affordable care act in the united states, which implemented an excise tax on u.s. sales of certain medical devices (which has been suspended until january 1, 2018), and which could result in reduced demand for our products, increased pricing pressures or otherwise adversely affect our business.
•   future healthcare reform in the united states and other countries in which we do business that may involve changes in government pricing and reimbursement policies or other cost containment reforms.
•   fluctuations in the cost and availability of oil-based resins and other raw materials, as well as certain components, used in our products, the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships (particularly with respect to sole-source suppliers), and the potential adverse effects of any disruption in the availability of such items.
•   security breaches of our information technology systems or our products, which could impair our ability to conduct
business, result in the loss of bd trade secrets or otherwise compromise sensitive information of bd or its customers, suppliers and other business partners, or of customers' patients, or result in product efficacy or safety concerns for certain of our products.
•   difficulties inherent in product development, including the potential inability to successfully continue technological innovation, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals in the united states and abroad, obtain intellectual property protection for our products, obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement for new products, or gain and maintain market approval of products, as well as the possibility of infringement claims by competitors with respect to patents or other intellectual property rights, all of which can preclude or delay commercialization of a product. delays in obtaining necessary approvals or clearances from the fda or other regulatory agencies or changes in the regulatory process may also delay product launches and increase development costs.
•   the impact of business combinations, including any volatility in earnings relating to acquisition-related costs, and our ability to successfully integrate any business we may acquire.
•   our ability to penetrate or expand our operations in emerging markets, which depends on local economic and political conditions, and how well we are able to acquire or form strategic business alliances with local companies and make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities and distribution networks. our international operations also increase our compliance risks, including risks under the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws.
•   political conditions in international markets, including civil unrest, terrorist activity, governmental changes, trade barriers, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders and governmental expropriation of assets. this includes the possible impact of the june 2016 advisory referendum by british voters to exit the european union, which has created uncertainties affecting business operations in the united kingdom and the eu.
•   deficit reduction efforts or other actions that reduce the availability of government funding for healthcare and research, which could weaken demand for our products and result in additional pricing pressures, as well as create potential collection risks associated with such sales.
•   fluctuations in university or u.s. and international governmental funding and policies for life sciences research.
•   fluctuations in the demand for products we sell to pharmaceutical companies that are used to manufacture, or are sold with, the products of such companies, as a result of funding constraints, consolidation or otherwise.
•   the effects of events that adversely impact our ability to manufacture our products (particularly where production of a product line is concentrated in one or more plants) or our ability to source materials or components from suppliers (including sole-source suppliers) that are needed for such manufacturing.
•   pending and potential future litigation or other proceedings adverse to bd, including antitrust, product liability, environmental and patent infringement, and the availability or collectability of insurance relating to any such claims.
•   new or changing laws and regulations affecting our domestic and foreign operations, or changes in enforcement practices, including laws relating to trade, monetary and fiscal policies, taxation (including tax reforms that could adversely impact multinational corporations), sales practices, environmental protection, price controls, and licensing and regulatory requirements for new products and products in the postmarketing phase. in particular, the u.s. and other countries may impose new requirements regarding registration, labeling or prohibited materials that may require us to re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products. environmental laws, particularly with respect to the emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent throughout the world, which may increase our costs of operations or necessitate changes in our manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or result in liability to bd.
•   product efficacy or safety concerns regarding our products resulting in product recalls, regulatory action on the part of the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) or foreign counterparts, declining sales and product liability claims, particularly in light of the current regulatory environment, in which there has been increased enforcement activity by the fda. as a result of the carefusion acquisition, we are operating under a consent decree with the fda relating to our u.s. infusion pump business. the consent decree authorizes the fda, in the event of any violations in the future, to order us to cease manufacturing and distributing products, recall products or take other actions, and we may be required to pay significant monetary damages if we fail to comply with any provision of the consent decree.
•   risks relating to our acquisition of carefusion, including our ability to successfully combine and integrate the carefusion operations in order to obtain the anticipated benefits and costs savings from the transaction, and the significant additional indebtedness we incurred in connection with the financing of the acquisition and the impact this increased indebtedness may have on our ability to operate the combined company.
•   the effect of adverse media exposure or other publicity regarding bd's business or operations, including the effect on bd's reputation or demand for its products.
•   the effect of market fluctuations on the value of assets in bd's pension plans and on actuarial interest rate and asset return assumptions, which could require bd to make additional contributions to the plans or increase our pension plan expense.
•   our ability to obtain the anticipated benefits of restructuring programs, if any, that we may undertake.
•   issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the financial accounting standards board or the securities and exchange commission.
the foregoing list sets forth many, but not all, of the factors that could impact our ability to achieve results described in any forward-looking statements. investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties.