item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k and with part i, item 1a, "risk factors." please refer to the cautionary language at the beginning of part i of this annual report on form 10-k regarding forward-looking statements.
our business serves customers that are driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, integrated circuits and devices that are smaller, use less power and provide more functionality. we must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality and predictability requirements. we offer innovative solutions to help our customers meet these demands and our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions and enhance and maintain our current products.
we have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses and cash flow from operations, and we describe these items further below under the headings "results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources."
•   increased product and maintenance revenue, primarily because of increased demand for our emulation and prototyping hardware and digital ic product offerings;
•   continued investment in research and development activities focused on creating and enhancing our products to maintain the pace of innovation required by our customers;
•   restructuring activities.
our fiscal year ends on the saturday closest to december 31. fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 were 52-week years, whereas fiscal 2014 was a 53-week year. revenue and expenses included in the results of operations for fiscal 2014 were impacted by the additional week.
approximately 90% of our revenue is recurring in nature, and the remainder of the resulting revenue is recognized up front, upon completion of delivery. recurring revenue includes revenue from our time-based software arrangements, certain ip license arrangements where revenue is recognized over multiple periods, services, royalties from certain ip arrangements, maintenance on perpetual software licenses and hardware, and operating leases of hardware. upfront revenue is primarily generated by our sales of emulation and prototyping hardware and perpetual software and certain ip licenses. our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and ip products to our customers.
for an additional description of the impact of emulation hardware sales on the timing of revenue recognition, see the discussion under the heading "critical accounting estimates - revenue recognition."
•   competitiveness of our technology; and
◦   contract renewals with existing customers;
◦   additional sales to existing customers; and
product and maintenance revenue increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily because of an increase in revenue from our palladium z1 enterprise emulation system and our digital ic product offerings, offset by a reduction in revenue from our ip offerings. product and maintenance revenue increased during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, due to increased demand for our software, emulation and prototyping hardware and ip offerings. services revenue increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to the timing of incremental revenue from certain customer agreements that was recognized at the completion of the contract when all specified deliverables were made available. services revenue increased during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, due to increased demand for our service and ip offerings. total revenue may fluctuate from period to period based on demand for, and our resources to fulfill, our services, emulation hardware and ip offerings.
digital ic design and signoff                                            29   %      28   %      29   %
as described in note 2 in the notes to consolidated financial statements, certain of our licensing arrangements allow customers the ability to remix among software products. additionally, we have arrangements with customers that include a combination of our products, with the actual product selection and number of licensed users to be determined at a later date. for these arrangements, we estimate the allocation of the revenue to product groups based upon the expected usage of our products. the actual usage of our products by these customers may differ and, if that proves to be the case, the revenue allocation in the table above would differ.
united states                         $832.6                $782.4                $696.6               $50.2              6    %           $85.8             12    %
for the primary factors contributing to the increase in revenue for the united states, other americas, asia, and europe, middle east and africa during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, see the general description under "revenue by year" above. revenue for japan decreased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to difficult business conditions facing our japanese customers.
for the primary factors contributing to the increase in revenue for the united states, other americas and asia during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, see the general description under "revenue by year" above. revenue for europe, middle east and africa decreased during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to a reduction of services revenue as we shifted our resources from design services to our ip offerings. revenue for japan decreased during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to the continued depreciation of the japanese yen as well as difficult business conditions facing our japanese customers.
most of our revenue is transacted in the united states dollar. however, certain revenue transactions are denominated in foreign currencies. for an additional description of how changes in foreign exchange rates affect our consolidated financial statements, see the discussion in item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - foreign currency risk."
united states                     46   %      46   %      44   %
cost of product and maintenance cost of product and maintenance includes costs associated with the sale and lease of our emulation and prototyping hardware and licensing of our software and ip products, certain employee salary and benefits and other employee-related costs, cost of our customer support services, amortization of technology-related and maintenance-related acquired intangibles, costs of technical documentation and royalties payable to third-party vendors. costs associated with our emulation and prototyping hardware products include materials, assembly, applicable reserves and overhead. these hardware manufacturing costs make our cost of emulation and prototyping hardware product higher, as a percentage of revenue, than our cost of software and ip products.
cost of product and maintenance depends primarily on our hardware product sales in any given period. cost of product and maintenance is also affected by employee salary and benefits and other employee-related costs, as well as the timing and extent to which we acquire intangible assets, acquire or license third-parties' intellectual property or technology and sell our products that include such acquired or licensed intellectual property or technology.
other items                                       (2.3      )   0.9
emulation and prototyping hardware costs increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to higher emulation hardware volume and an increase in charges for reserves on inventory during fiscal 2016 as we approach the end of the product life cycle of palladium xp, a previous generation of our palladium hardware platform. emulation and prototyping hardware costs decreased during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily because charges for inventory reserves were higher during fiscal 2014. gross margins on our hardware products will fluctuate based on customer pricing strategies, product mix, product competition and product life cycle.
amortization of acquired intangibles included in cost of product and maintenance increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to the increase in amortization of intangible assets associated with our fiscal 2016 acquisitions. amortization of acquired intangibles included in cost of product and maintenance increased during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to the increase in amortization of intangible assets associated with our fiscal 2014 acquisitions. for an additional description of our expected amortization of intangible assets, see note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
cost of services cost of services primarily includes employee salary, benefits and other employee-related costs to perform work on revenue-generating projects, costs to maintain the infrastructure necessary to manage a services organization, and provisions for contract losses, if any. cost of services will fluctuate from period to period based on our utilization of design services engineers on revenue-generating projects or on internal development projects. cost of services decreased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, and increased during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to variation in the number of personnel dedicated to deliver and support our services and custom ip offerings.
operating expenses our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development and general and administrative expenses. factors that cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, restructuring activities, foreign exchange rates, stock-based compensation and the impact of our variable compensation programs that are driven by overall operating results.
many of our operating expenses are transacted in various foreign currencies. we recognize lower expenses in periods when the united states dollar strengthens in value against other currencies and we recognize higher expenses when the united states dollar weakens against other currencies. during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, we experienced a favorable impact on expenses as a result of the strengthening value of the united states dollar against other currencies. for an additional description of how changes in foreign exchange rates affect our consolidated financial statements, see the discussion in item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - foreign currency risk."
salary, benefits and other employee-related costs   $(6.3         )                 $0.9
other items                                         1.8                             (1.0      )
salary, benefits and other employee-related costs decreased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to headcount reductions within our sales organization.
salary, benefits and other employee-related costs         $75.7                     $6.6
facilities and other infrastructure costs                   9.9                      8.9
other items                                                 2.5                     (1.1      )
costs included in research and development increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to incremental investments in research and development as a result of additional hiring as well as headcount added from acquisitions. in addition, stock-based compensation included in research and development increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, and during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, because successive increases in the price of our common stock during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 resulted in higher grant-date fair values for the mix of stock awards expensed in each of fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015.
salary, benefits and other employee-related costs          $4.9              $(0.6         )
acquisition-related costs                                   4.9              -
other items                                                 2.2          2.1
costs included in general and administrative increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to increased headcount and merit adjustments for existing employees and costs associated with our fiscal 2016 acquisitions. stock-based compensation included in general and administrative increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, and during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily because successive increases in the price of our common stock during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 resulted in higher grant-date fair values for the mix of stock awards expensed in each of fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015.
increase due to additions of acquired intangibles                $1.0                     $0.7
restructuring and other charges we have initiated various restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. because the restructuring charges and related benefits are derived from management's estimates made during the formulation of the restructuring plans, based on then-currently available information, our restructuring plans may not achieve the benefits anticipated on the timetable or at the level contemplated. demand for our products and services and, ultimately, our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. accordingly, additional actions, including further restructuring of our operations, may be required in the future.
the following table presents restructuring and other charges (credits), net for our restructuring plans:
severanceandbenefits      excessfacilities           other                  total
for an additional description of our restructuring plans, see note 12 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
revolving credit facility       1.6               0.5               0.7
for an additional description of our debt arrangements, see note 3 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our foreign earnings are generally subject to lower statutory tax rates than our united states earnings.
our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2016 is primarily attributable to federal, state and foreign income taxes on our fiscal 2016 income and includes the tax benefit resulting from the permanent reinstatement of the united states research tax credit in december 2015. our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2016 includes $17.2 million of tax benefit related to stock-based compensation that vested or settled during the period.
our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended january 2, 2016 was primarily attributable to federal, state and foreign income taxes on our fiscal 2015 income, which was partially offset by $13.8 million of tax benefit related to the effective settlement of a tax examination of a foreign subsidiary. our provision for income taxes included a tax benefit of $10.1 million resulting from the enactment of the united states research tax credit in december 2015.
our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended january 3, 2015 primarily resulted from federal, state and foreign income taxes on our fiscal 2014 income. our provision for income taxes included a tax benefit of $8.1 million resulting from the enactment of the united states research tax credit in december 2014.
our future effective tax rates may be materially impacted by tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings at rates different from the united states federal statutory rate, research credits, the tax impact of stock-based compensation, accounting for uncertain tax positions, business combinations, closure of statutes of limitations or settlement of tax audits, changes in valuation allowance and changes in tax law. a significant amount of our foreign earnings is generated by our subsidiaries organized in ireland and hungary. our future effective tax rates may be adversely affected if our earnings were to be lower in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates or if we were to repatriate certain foreign earnings on which united states taxes have not been previously accrued. we currently expect that our fiscal 2017 effective tax rate will be similar to our fiscal 2016 effective tax rate. for additional discussion about how our effective tax rate could be affected by various risks, see part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
liquidity and capital resources as of                                                                   change december 31,            january 2,           january 3, 2015            2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
net working capital                                 $116.5                  $427.9               $458.6                     $(311.4       )         $(30.7        )
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of december 31, 2016, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of $468.3 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, as compared to $711.2 million as of january 2, 2016.
our primary sources of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments during fiscal 2016 were cash generated from operations, proceeds from borrowings, proceeds from the sale and maturity of available-for-sale securities, proceeds from the exercise of stock options and proceeds from stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan.
our primary uses of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments during fiscal 2016 were payments related to salaries and benefits, repurchases of our common stock, other employee-related costs and operating expenses, payments on our revolving credit facility, purchases of property, plant and equipment, acquisitions, and tax payments.
approximately 63% of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held by our foreign subsidiaries as of december 31, 2016. our intent is to indefinitely reinvest our earnings from certain foreign operations. we do not anticipate we will need to repatriate dividends from foreign operations that are indefinitely reinvested in order to fund our domestic operations. in the event that dividends from foreign operations that are currently indefinitely reinvested are needed to fund united states liquidity, we could be required to accrue and pay additional taxes in order to repatriate these funds. for further discussion regarding our income taxes, see note 10 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we expect that current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances, cash flows that are generated from operations and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs, and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months.
net working capital net working capital is comprised of current assets less current liabilities, as shown on our consolidated balance sheets. the decrease in our net working capital as of december 31, 2016, as compared to january 2, 2016, is primarily due to a net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments resulting from financing activities, including repurchases of our common stock.
cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows:
cash provided by operating activities      $444.9              $378.2              $316.7          $66.7                   $61.5
cash flows from operating activities include net income, adjusted for certain non-cash items, as well as changes in the balances of certain assets and liabilities. our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements.
the increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, was primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. the increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to improved profitability and the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors.
we expect that cash flows from operating activities will fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including our operating results, the timing of our billings, collections, disbursements and tax payments.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows provided by (used for) investing activities during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows:
cash provided by (used for) investing activities      $1.4           $(44.5      )       $(198.0     )      $45.9                   $153.5
the increase in cash flows provided by investing activities during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, was primarily due to an increase in proceeds resulting from the sale and maturity of our available-for-sale securities, partially offset by an increase in cash used for business combinations and asset acquisitions. the decrease in cash flows used for investing activities during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to the decrease in cash paid for business combinations because we did not complete any acquisitions during fiscal 2015. we expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making long-term equity investments.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows provided by (used for) financing activities during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows:
cash provided by (used for) financing activities   $(592.7     )       $(626.3     )          $289.0          $33.6                   $(915.3       )
the decrease in cash used for financing activities during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, was primarily due to proceeds from the 2019 term loan and our revolving credit facility and a decrease in payments made to settle outstanding borrowings, offset by an increase in payments made to repurchase shares of our common stock. the increase in cash used for financing activities during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to payments made to settle the principal value of the 2015 notes and an increase in payments made to repurchase shares of our common stock.
on january 28, 2016, we entered into a $300.0 million three-year senior unsecured non-amortizing term loan facility due on january 28, 2019, or the 2019 term loan, with a group of lenders led by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent. the 2019 term loan is unsecured. for additional information relating to the 2019 term loan, see note 3 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our revolving credit facility with a group of lenders led by bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, provided for borrowings up to $250.0 million, with the right to request increased capacity up to an additional $150.0 million upon the receipt of lender commitments, for total maximum borrowings of $400.0 million. as of december 31, 2016, outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility were $50.0 million. this revolving credit facility was replaced by a new revolving credit facility on january 30, 2017, as described below.
other factors affecting liquidity and capital resources
2024 notes in october 2014, we issued $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due october 15, 2024. we received net proceeds of $342.4 million from the issuance of the 2024 notes, net of a discount of $1.4 million and issuance costs of $6.2 million. interest is payable in cash semi-annually. the 2024 notes are unsecured and rank equal in right of payment to all of our existing and future senior indebtedness. the proceeds from the 2024 notes are available for general corporate purposes, which may include the retirement of debt, working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and strategic transactions.
revolving credit facility on january 30, 2017, we entered into a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of lenders led by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, which replaced our existing revolving credit facility. the new credit facility provides for borrowings up to $350.0 million, with the right to request increased capacity up to an additional $250.0 million upon the receipt of lender commitments, for total maximum borrowings of $600.0 million. the credit facility expires on january 28, 2022 and has no subsidiary guarantors. any outstanding loans drawn under the credit facility are due at maturity on january 28, 2022. outstanding borrowings may be paid at any time prior to maturity. for additional information relating to our new revolving credit facility, see note 20 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(1)   with respect to purchase obligations that are cancelable by us, this table includes the amount that would have been payable if we had canceled the obligation as of december 31, 2016 or the earliest cancellation date.
(2)   included in other long-term contractual obligations are long-term income tax liabilities of $14.4 million related to unrecognized tax benefits. of the $14.4 million,we estimate $7.6 million will be paid or settled within 1 to 3 years and $6.8 million within 3 to 5 years. the remaining portion of other long-term contractual obligations is primarily liabilities associated with defined benefit retirement plans and acquisitions.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that can have a significant impact on our revenue, operating income and net income, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. we base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. at least quarterly, we evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates, and make changes as deemed necessary.
we believe that the assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for income taxes, revenue recognition, business combinations, intangible asset and goodwill impairments and fair value of financial instruments have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements; therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting estimates. for information on our significant accounting policies, see note 2 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
accounting for income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision for these taxes. there are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. our provision for income taxes could be adversely affected by our earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax benefit, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and geographies and changes to our existing businesses, acquisitions and investments, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities including changes in our assessment of valuation allowances, changes in the relevant tax laws or interpretations of these tax laws, and developments in current and future tax examinations.
we only recognize the tax benefit of an income tax position if we judge that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained, solely on its technical merits, in a tax audit including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. to make this judgment, we must interpret complex and sometimes ambiguous tax laws, regulations and administrative practices. if we judge that an income tax position meets this recognition threshold, then we must measure the amount of the tax benefit to be recognized by estimating the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% cumulative probability of being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all of the relevant facts. it is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as this requires us to determine the probability of various possible settlement outcomes. we must reevaluate our income tax positions on a quarterly basis to consider factors such as changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, the lapse of applicable statute of limitations, and new audit activity. such a change in recognition or measurement would result in recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. for a more detailed description of our unrecognized tax benefits, see note 10 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition we begin to recognize revenue when all of the following criteria are met:
•   we have persuasive evidence of an arrangement with a customer;
•   collectibility of the fee is probable.
significant judgment is involved in the determination of whether the facts and circumstances of an arrangement support that the fee for the arrangement is considered to be fixed or determinable and that collectibility of the fee is probable, and these judgments can affect the amount of revenue that we recognize in a particular reporting period. for contracts that do not include a substantial upfront payment, we consider a fee to be fixed or determinable if the arrangement has payment periods that are less than or equal to the term of the licenses and the payments are collected in equal or nearly equal installments, when evaluated over the entire term of the arrangement. if we no longer were to have a history of collecting under the original contract without providing concessions on time-based licenses, revenue from such licenses would be required to be recognized when payments under the contract become due and payable. such a change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we must also make judgments when assessing whether a contract amendment to a time-based arrangement (primarily in the context of a license extension or renewal) constitutes a concession. we have established a history of collecting under contracts for which the fee has been assessed as fixed or determinable, without providing concessions on payments, products or services.
generally, we are able to estimate whether collection is probable, but significant judgment is applied as we assess the creditworthiness of our customers to make this determination. key external and internal factors are considered in developing our creditworthiness assessment, including public information, historical and current financial statements and past collection history. if our experience were to change, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. if, in our judgment, collection of a fee is not probable, we do not record revenue until the uncertainty is removed, which is generally upon receipt of cash payment.
revenue associated with our time-based licenses is recognized on a recurring basis over the term of the arrangement, commencing upon the later of the effective date of the arrangement or delivery of the first software product. in general, product revenue associated with perpetual licenses where vendor specific objective evidence, or vsoe, exists for the undelivered maintenance, is recognized up front, upon the later of the effective date of the arrangement or delivery of the software product, provided all other conditions for revenue recognition have been met, and maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the maintenance term. if certain other criteria are met, revenue for design ip is recognized upon delivery and we accrue the expected costs of maintenance. a relatively small percentage of our revenue from software and ip licenses is recognized on an upfront basis.
our hardware products generally include the hardware product and its related essential software, and maintenance for the hardware and the essential software. consideration allocated to the hardware product and the essential software is recognized as revenue at the time of delivery, provided all other conditions for revenue recognition have been met. consideration allocated to the maintenance is recognized ratably over the maintenance term.
revenue from services and customized ip arrangements is recognized either on the time and materials method, as work is performed, or on the percentage-of-completion method. if a service contract is considered to be part of a multiple element arrangement, or mea, that includes a software contract, revenue is generally recognized on a recurring basis over the duration of the software contract. for contracts with fixed or not-to-exceed fees, we estimate on a monthly basis the percentage of completion based on the completion of milestones relating to the arrangement. we have a history of accurately estimating project status and the costs necessary to complete projects. a number of internal and external factors can affect our estimates, including labor rates, utilization and efficiency variances, and specification and testing requirement changes. if different conditions were to prevail such that accurate estimates could not be made, then the use of the completed contract method would be required and the recognition of all revenue and costs would be deferred until the project was completed. such a change could have a material impact on our results of operations.
if a group of contracts is so closely related that they are, in effect, part of a single arrangement, such arrangements are deemed to be an mea. we exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether the separate contracts should be accounted for individually as distinct arrangements or whether the separate contracts are, in substance, an mea. our judgments about whether a group of contracts is an mea can affect the timing of revenue recognition under those contracts, which could have an effect on our results of operations for the periods involved. for example, a perpetual license agreement that would otherwise result in upfront revenue upon delivery may be deemed part of an mea when it is executed within close proximity, or in contemplation of, other license agreements that require recurring revenue recognition with the same customer, in which event all the revenue is recognized over the longest term of any component of the mea instead of up front.
for an mea that includes software and nonsoftware elements, we allocate consideration to all software elements as a group and all nonsoftware elements based on their relative standalone selling prices. revenue allocated to each deliverable is then recognized when all four criteria are met. in these circumstances, there is a hierarchy to determine the standalone selling price to be used for allocating consideration to the deliverables as follows:
we calculate the besp of our hardware products based on our pricing practices, including the historical average prices charged for comparable hardware products, because vsoe or tpe cannot be established. our process for determining besp for our software deliverables without vsoe or tpe takes into account multiple factors that vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. key external and internal factors considered in developing the besps include prices charged by us for similar arrangements, historical pricing practices and the nature of the product. in addition, when developing besps, we may consider other factors as appropriate, including the pricing of competitive alternatives if they exist, and product-specific business objectives. we exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in calculating the besp of the deliverables in our arrangements.
business combinations when we acquire businesses, we allocate the purchase price to the acquired tangible assets and assumed liabilities, including deferred revenue, liabilities associated with the fair value of contingent consideration and acquired identifiable intangible assets. any residual purchase price is recorded as goodwill. the allocation of the purchase price requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. these estimates are based on information obtained from management of the acquired companies, our assessment of this information, and historical experience. these estimates can include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an acquired business is expected to generate in the future, the cash flows that specific assets acquired with that business are expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset. these estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and if different estimates were used, the purchase price for the acquisition could be allocated to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities differently from the allocation that we have made to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. in addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates, and if such events occur, we may be required to adjust the value allocated to acquired assets or assumed liabilities.
we also make significant judgments and estimates when we assign useful lives to the definite-lived intangible assets identified as part of our acquisitions. these estimates are inherently uncertain and if we used different estimates, the useful life over which we amortize intangible assets would be different. in addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may impact the useful life assigned to our intangible assets, which would impact our amortization of intangible assets expense and our results of operations.
fair value of financial instruments on a quarterly basis, we measure at fair value certain financial assets and liabilities. inputs to valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions.
while we believe the observable and unobservable inputs we use to measure the fair value are reasonable, different inputs or estimates may materially impact the resulting fair value measurements of these instruments and may also impact our results of operations. for an additional description of our fair value measurements, see note 16 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
new accounting standards revenue recognition in may 2014, the fasb issued a new standard related to revenue recognition. under the new standard, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. in addition, the standard requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. the fasb has recently issued several amendments to the standard, including clarification on accounting for licenses of intellectual property and identifying performance obligations.
the new standard will be effective for us beginning the first quarter of fiscal 2018. the guidance permits two methods of adoption: retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method), or modified retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method).
while we continue to assess all potential impacts of the standard, our preliminary assessment is that we expect to continue to recognize revenue for our time-based software arrangements over time, which represents a significant percentage of our total revenue. this preliminary assessment is based on the conclusion that the multiple software licenses and related updates in our time-based arrangements constitute a single, combined performance obligation. the timing of revenue recognition for our hardware and professional services is expected to remain substantially unchanged.
we currently believe the most significant impact of the adoption of this new standard relates to our accounting for multiple element arrangements, or meas, that combine many software-related deliverables, which may include multiple software contracts with varying terms, ip licenses, and/or service elements.using the current accounting guidance that requires vendor-specific objective evidence, or vsoe, to recognize revenue separately for the different software elements, the revenue related to these meas is generally recognized over time beginning with the delivery of the last specified deliverable and ending on the latest end date. for example, under the current accounting guidance, an mea that included a perpetual ip license (delivered at contract execution) with 12 months of maintenance and a 36-month time-based software contract would all be recognized over the 36-month term of the software contract. under the new standard, amounts will be allocated to each of the performance obligations and the related revenue will be recognized as each performance obligation is fulfilled. in the example above, an amount would be allocated to the ip, the maintenance and the time-based software contract, and those respective revenue amounts would be recognized upon delivery of the ip, over the 12-month maintenance term and over the 36-month time-based software term.
the allocation of revenue for each performance obligation noted above is determined based on the standalone selling price, or ssp, of each performance obligation. more judgment and estimates will be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under current gaap, including estimating the ssp for each performance obligation identified within our contracts. we are currently performing analyses to determine the ssp for each of the performance obligations that have been identified. in addition, we are currently implementing systems and processes to assist in the adoption of this new accounting standard. we currently anticipate adopting the standard using the cumulative catch-up transition method.
financial instruments in january 2016, the fasb issued a new accounting standard that will impact certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. the updated standard is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, and early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the effect the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
leases in february 2016, the fasb issued a new accounting standard requiring, among other things, the recognition of lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets on the balance sheet by lessees for certain lease arrangements that are classified as operating leases under the previous standard. the updated standard is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, with early adoption permitted, and requires the use of a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements. we anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on our consolidated balance sheets and may require changes to our systems and processes. we have not yet made any decision on the timing of adoption.
income tax in october 2016, the fasb issued a new accounting standard that will amend the accounting for income taxes on intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. the new guidance requires the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-entity asset transfer when the transfer occurs. for intra-entity transfers of inventory, the income tax effects will continue to be deferred until the inventory has been sold to a third party. the new standard is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, and early adoption is permitted. the new guidance is required to be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. we are currently evaluating the effects, if any, that the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
business combinations in january 2017, the fasb issued a new accounting standard that revises the definition of a business as it relates to acquisitions, disposals, goodwill impairments and consolidations. the updated standard is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, and early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the effect of adopting the new standard.
goodwill impairment in january 2017, the fasb issued a new accounting standard that simplifies the required test of goodwill for impairment by eliminating "step 2" from the goodwill impairment test. the new standard is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, and early adoption is permitted. the new guidance is required to be applied on a prospective basis. we do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or the related disclosures.