item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
executive summary we are one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming customers' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps customers envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. our core competencies include: business, process, operations and technology consulting, application development and systems integration, enterprise information management, application testing, application maintenance, information technology, or it, infrastructure services, and business process services. we tailor our services to specific industries and utilize an integrated global delivery model with customer service teams typically based on site at customer locations and delivery teams located at dedicated global delivery centers.
our objective is to create value for both our customers and stockholders by enhancing our position as a leading professional services company in the digital era. digital services is work we do to help our customers win in the digital economy by applying technology and analytics to change consumer experiences to drive sustainable growth, deploying systems of intelligence to automate and improve core business processes, and improving technology systems by deploying cloud and cyber security solutions and as-a-service models to make them simpler, more modern and secure. to accelerate our shift to digital services and solutions, we are deploying the following strategies:
•   aligning our digital services into three digital practice areas - digital business, digital operations and digital systems and technology - to address the needs of our customers as they transform their business and technology models.
•   investing to scale these digital practice areas across our business segments and geographies, including through extensive training and re-skilling of our existing technical teams and expansion of our local workforces in the united states and other local markets around the world where we operate and pursuing select strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and alliances that can expand our intellectual property, industry expertise, geographic reach, and platform and technology capabilities.
•   continuing development of our core business, which includes application services, it infrastructure and business process services. our customers often look for efficiencies in the running of their core operations to help them fund investments in new digital capabilities. we work with them to analyze and identify opportunities for advanced automation and delivery efficiencies. additionally, we seek to expand the geographic reach of our core portfolio of services.
•   we intend to selectively target higher margin work within our core business and are unifying our delivery capabilities to allow for more cost-conscious delivery, leveraging automation and scale, improving our utilization and optimizing our pyramid.
we believe the above strategies, combined with improving the overall efficiency of our operations, will enable us to gradually expand our non-gaap operating margins1 over the next few years, with the goal of achieving 22% non-gaap operating margin1 in 2019. there can be no assurances that we will be successful in achieving this plan or that other factors beyond our control, including the various risks described in item 1a. risk factors, will not cause us to fail to achieve the targeted improvements.
we intend to initiate a capital return plan that will include a combination of stock repurchases and cash dividends. as part of this plan, we expect to commence a $1.5 billion accelerated stock repurchase program in the first quarter of 2017, initiate a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share commencing in the second quarter of 2017, and repurchase stock of $1.2 billion in the open market during 2017 and 2018. we also plan to return to stockholders approximately 75% of our u.s. free cash flow, defined as net cash provided from operating activities of our u.s. operating subsidiaries less cash purchases of property and equipment by our u.s. operating subsidiaries, in 2019 and beyond through a combination of stock repurchases and cash dividends. our board of directors intends to continue to review the capital return plan, considering our financial performance, economic outlook, regulatory changes and any other relevant factors. there can be no guarantee that we will achieve our announced capital return plan in the amounts or on the expected time frame that we have indicated, or at all.
1   non-gaap operating margin is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
the following table sets forth a summary of our financial results for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015:
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
other financial information2
•   solid performance in our manufacturing/retail/logistics and other business segments with both business segments reporting revenue growth of 13.5%;
•   revenues in our financial services business segment grew 7.3% as demand from our banking customers was negatively affected by the current macroeconomic conditions;
•   revenues in our healthcare business segment grew 5.5% as demand was affected by uncertainty in the regulatory environment as well as potential consolidation within the healthcare industry;
•   sustained strength in the north american market where revenues grew 8.1%;
•   continued penetration of the european and rest of world (primarily the asia pacific) markets. revenues from our customers outside the united states were negatively affected by the recent strength of the u.s. dollar against the british pound:
◦   in europe, we experienced revenue growth of 6.8%, after a negative currency impact of 6.5%. our revenues from customers in the united kingdom declined 1.0%, after a negative currency impact of 10.0%, and was negatively affected by the weakening of the british pound due to the result of the june 2016 united kingdom referendum to exit the european union, or brexit referendum. revenues from our rest of europe customers increased 18.2% after a negative currency impact of 1.4%;
◦   revenues from our rest of world customers increased 22.7%, after a negative currency impact of 2.5%;
•   increased customer spending on discretionary projects;
•   expansion of our service offerings, including consulting and digital services, next-generation it solutions and platform-based solutions;
•   continued expansion of the market for global delivery of technology and business process services; and
•   increased penetration at existing customers, including strategic customers.
our customers seek to meet a dual mandate of achieving more efficient and effective operations, while investing in digital technologies that are reshaping their business models. increasingly, the relative emphasis among our customers is shifting towards investment and innovation, as reflected in accelerated demand for our digital services. we also saw an increase in demand for larger, more complex projects that are transformational for our customers, including managed services contracts. such contracts may have longer sales cycles and ramp-up periods and could lead to greater variability in our period to period operating results. we increased the number of strategic customers by 29 during the year, bringing the total number of our strategic customers to 329. we define a strategic customer as one offering the potential to generate at least $5 million to $50 million or more in annual revenues at maturity.
2   non-gaap income from operations and non-gaap diluted earnings per share are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
in 2016, our operating margin decreased to 17.0% from 17.3% in 2015, while our non-gaap operating margin decreased to 19.5%3 from 19.7%3 in 2015. the decreases in both our gaap and non-gaap operating margins were due to increases in compensation and benefit costs (excluding incentive-based compensation) and increases in certain professional service costs, partially offset by the impact of lower incentive-based compensation in 2016, the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar, and realized gains on settlement of cash flow hedges in 2016 as compared to losses in 2015.
in may 2016, india enacted the finance bill 2016 that, among other things, expanded the applicability of india's buyback distribution tax to certain share buyback transactions occurring after june 1, 2016. in mid-may, prior to the june 1 effective date of the enactment, our principal operating subsidiary in india repurchased shares from its shareholders, which are non-indian cognizant entities, valued at $2.8 billion. this transaction, or the india cash remittance, was undertaken pursuant to a plan approved by the high court of madras and simplified the shareholding structure of our principal operating subsidiary in india. pursuant to the transaction, our principal indian operating subsidiary repurchased approximately $1.2 billion of the total $2.8 billion of shares from its u.s. shareholders, resulting in incremental tax expense, while the remaining $1.6 billion was repurchased from its shareholder outside the united states. net of taxes, the transaction resulted in a remittance of cash to the united states in the amount of $1.0 billion. as a result of this transaction, we incurred an incremental 2016 income tax expense of $238 million.
as previously disclosed, the company is conducting an internal investigation focused on whether certain payments relating to company-owned facilities in india were made improperly and in possible violation of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, or fcpa, and other applicable laws. in september 2016, we voluntarily notified the department of justice, or doj, and the securities and exchange commission, or sec, and are cooperating fully with both agencies. the investigation is being conducted under the oversight of the audit committee, with the assistance of outside counsel. to date, the investigation has identified a total of approximately $6 million in payments made between 2010 and 2015 that may have been recorded improperly. in 2016, we recorded an out-of-period correction related to $4 million of such payments that were previously capitalized that should have been expensed. the recorded correction resulted in an increase of selling, general and administrative expenses of $4 million, a reduction in depreciation and amortization expense of $1 million, and a reduction in property and equipment, net of $3 million. these out-of-period corrections and the other $2 million in potentially improper payments were not material to any previously issued annual or interim financial statements and are not material to the financial results for the year ending december 31, 2016. based on the results of the investigation to date, the members of senior management who may have participated in or been aware of the making of the identified potentially improper payments and failed to take action to prevent the making of the identified potentially improper payments are no longer with the company or in a senior management position.
in october and november 2016, three putative securities class action complaints were filed, naming us and certain of our current and former officers as defendants and alleging violations of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, based on allegedly false or misleading statements related to potential violations of the fcpa, our business, prospects and operations, and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. the plaintiffs collectively seek awards of compensatory damages, among other relief, and their costs and attorneys' and experts' fees. in february 2017, the three putative securities class actions were consolidated by the court.
additionally, in october and november 2016, three putative shareholder derivative complaints were filed, naming us, all of our directors and certain of our current and former officers as defendants. in january 2017, the three putative shareholder derivative actions were consolidated by the court. the complaints assert claims for breach of fiduciary duty, corporate waste, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, mismanagement, and/or insider selling by defendants. in february 2017, a fourth putative shareholder derivative complaint asserting similar claims was filed, naming us and certain of our directors as defendants. the complaints allege among other things that certain of our public disclosures were false and misleading by failing to disclose that payments allegedly in violation of the fcpa had been made and by asserting that management had determined that our internal controls were effective. the plaintiffs seek awards of compensatory damages and restitution to us as a result of the alleged violations and their costs and attorneys' fees, experts' fees, and other litigation expenses, among other relief. see the section titled "part i, item 3. legal proceedings."
in 2016, we incurred $27 million in costs related to the fcpa investigation and related lawsuits. we expect to continue to incur expenses related to these matters in 2017 and future periods.
3   non-gaap operating margin is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
we finished the year with approximately 260,200 employees, which is an increase of approximately 38,500 over the prior year end. the increase in the number of our service delivery staff and the related infrastructure costs to meet the demand for our services is the primary driver of the increase in our operating expenses in 2016. annualized turnover, including both voluntary and involuntary, was approximately 15.6% for the three months ended december 31, 2016. the majority of our turnover occurs in india. as a result, annualized attrition rates on-site at customers are below our global attrition rate. in addition, attrition is weighted towards the more junior members of our staff.
during 2017, barring any unforeseen events, we expect the following factors to affect our business and our operating results:
•   demand from our customers for digital services;
•   our customers' dual mandate of simultaneously achieving cost savings while investing in transformation and innovation;
•   continued focus by customers on directing technology spending towards cost containment projects, such as application maintenance, infrastructure services and business process services;
•   secular changes driven by evolving digital technologies and regulatory changes, including potential regulatory changes with respect to immigration and taxes;
•   demand from our healthcare customers may continue to be negatively affected by the uncertainty in the regulatory environment as well as potential consolidation within the healthcare industry;
•   discretionary spending by our retail customers may be affected by weakness in the retail sector;
•   legal fees and other expenses related to the internal investigation and related matters as described above;
•   volatility in foreign currency rates; and
•   continued uncertainty in the u.s. and world economies, including as a result of recent changes in the government administrations in the united states and elsewhere.
in response to this environment, we plan to:
•   continue to invest in our digital practice areas of focus across industries and geographies;
•   continue to invest in our talent base, including through local hiring, and new service offerings, including digital technologies and new delivery models;
•   partner with our existing customers to garner an increased portion of our customers' overall technology spend by providing innovative solutions;
•   focus on growing our business in europe, the middle east, the asia pacific region and latin america, where we believe there are opportunities to gain market share;
•   increase our strategic customer base across all of our business segments;
•   pursue strategic acquisition opportunities that we believe add new technologies, including digital technologies, or platforms that complement our existing services, improve our overall service delivery capabilities, and/or expand our geographic presence;
•   focus on operating discipline in order to appropriately manage our cost structure; and
•   locate most of our new development center facilities in tax incentivized areas.
business segments our four reportable business segments are:
•   financial services, which includes customers providing banking/transaction processing, capital markets and insurance services;
•   healthcare, which includes healthcare providers and payers as well as life sciences customers including pharmaceutical, biotech and medical device companies;
•   manufacturing/retail/logistics, which includes consumer goods manufacturers, retailers, travel and other hospitality customers, as well as customers providing logistics services; and
•   other, which is an aggregation of industry operating segments each of which, individually, represents less than 10.0% of consolidated revenues and segment operating profit. the other segment includes information, media and entertainment services, communications, and high technology operating customers.
our chief operating decision maker evaluates cognizant's performance and allocates resources based on segment revenues and operating profit. segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. generally, operating expenses for each operating segment have similar characteristics and are subject to the same factors,
pressures and challenges. however, the economic environment and its effects on industries served by our operating groups may affect revenues and operating expenses to different degrees. expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as a per seat charge for use of the global delivery centers. certain selling, general and administrative expenses, excess or shortfall of incentive compensation for delivery personnel as compared to target, stock-based compensation expense, a portion of depreciation and amortization and the impact of the settlements of our cash flow hedges are not allocated to individual segments in internal management reports used by the chief operating decision maker. accordingly, such expenses are excluded from segment operating profit.
we provide a significant volume of services to many customers in each of our business segments. therefore, a loss of a significant customer or a few significant customers in a particular segment could materially reduce revenues for that segment. however, no individual customer accounted for sales in excess of 10% of our consolidated revenues during 2016, 2015 or 2014. in addition, the services we provide to our larger customers are often critical to the operations of such customers and we believe that a termination of our services would require an extended transition period with gradually declining revenues.
results of operations for the three years ended december 31, 2016
the following table sets forth certain financial data for the three years ended december 31, 2016:
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
income before provision for income taxes                                           2,357                         17.5           2,164                    17.4           1,924                    18.7             193                   240
provision for income taxes                                                          (805        )                                (540   )                                (485   )                                (265    )              (55    )
income from equity method investment                                                   1                                            -                                       -                                       1                     -
other financial information (2)
(2)   non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin and non-gaap diluted earnings per share are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
revenues - overall. revenues increased by 8.6% to $13,487 million during 2016 as compared to an increase of 21.0% to $12,416 million in 2015. the increase in revenues in 2016 was primarily attributed to services related to the integration of digital technologies that are reshaping our customers' business and operating models, increased customer spending on discretionary projects, continued interest in using our global delivery model as a means to reduce overall technology and operations costs and continued penetration in all our geographic markets. in 2015, revenues included $724 million from tz us parent, inc., or trizetto, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2014, as compared to $80 million in 2014. the increase in trizetto revenues represented 29.9% of the year over year revenue growth in 2015. the remaining 2015 increase was primarily attributed to greater acceptance of our global delivery model among an increasing number of industries, continued interest in using our global delivery model as a means to reduce overall technology and operations costs, increased customer spending on
discretionary projects, and continued penetration in all our geographic markets. revenues from new customers contributed $220 million and $195 million, representing 20.5% and 9.1% of the year-over-year revenue growth for 2016 and 2015, respectively. in 2016, our consulting and technology services revenues increased by 8.6% and represented 57.5% of total 2016 revenues, while our outsourcing services revenues increased by 8.7% and constituted 42.5% of total revenues. in 2015, consulting and technology services revenues increased by 31.8% and represented 57.6% of total 2015 revenues, while our outsourcing services revenues increased by 8.9% and constituted 42.4% of total 2015 revenues.
we increased the number of strategic customers by 29 during the year, bringing the total number of our strategic customers to 329. we define a strategic customer as one offering the potential to generate at least $5 million to $50 million or more in annual revenues at maturity. revenues from our top customers were as follows:
revenues from top five customers as a percentage of total revenues      10.0    %      11.0    %      12.2    %
revenues from top ten customers as a percentage of total revenues       16.7    %      18.6    %      21.3    %
as we continue to add new customers and increase our penetration at existing customers, we expect the percentage of revenues from our top five and top ten customers to continue to decline over time.
revenues - reportable segments. revenues by reportable business segment were as follows:
financial services                      $5,366              $5,003              $4,286                $363          7.3            $717         16.7
manufacturing/retail/logistics           2,660               2,344               2,094                 316         13.5             250         12.0
revenues from our financial services segment grew 7.3% or $363 million in 2016, as compared to 2015. growth was stronger among our insurance customers, where revenues increased by $202 million as compared to an increase of $161 million from our banking customers. in this segment, revenues from customers added during 2016 were $64 million and represented 17.6% of the year over year revenues increase in this segment. key areas of focus for our financial services customers included the adoption and integration of digital technologies that are reshaping our customers' business and operating models, cost optimization, regulatory and compliance-driven initiatives, cyber security and vendor consolidation. demand from certain of our banking customers has been negatively affected by the current macroeconomic conditions affecting the industry, including a sustained low interest rate environment and the weakening of the british pound due to the results of the brexit referendum. revenues from our financial services segment grew 16.7% or $717 million in 2015, as compared to 2014. in 2015, our banking and insurance customers contributed $403 million and $314 million, respectively, to the year over year revenue growth. in 2015, revenues from customers added during that year was $57 million and represented 8.0% of the year over year revenues increase in this segment.
revenues from our healthcare segment grew 5.5% or $203 million in 2016, as compared to 2015. within this segment, revenues increased by $139 million among our life sciences customers as compared to an increase of $64 million from our healthcare customers. revenues from customers added during 2016 were $50 million and represented 24.6% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment. the increase in revenues from our life sciences customers was driven by a growing demand for a broader range of services, including business process services, advanced data analytics and solutions that span multiple service lines while leveraging cloud technologies and platforms. revenues from our healthcare segment grew 36.4% or $979 million in 2015, as compared to 2014. in 2015, our healthcare customers contributed $824 million to the year over year revenue growth, including a $644 million increase in year over year revenue from trizetto while revenue from our life sciences customers increased by $155 million. in 2015, growth over 2014, excluding trizetto, was driven by customer cost optimization initiatives. in 2015, revenues from customers added during that year was $51 million and represented 5.2% of the year over year revenues increase in this segment. the demand for our services has been and may continue to be affected by uncertainty in the regulatory environment as well as potential consolidation within the healthcare industry. we believe that in the long term
the healthcare industry continues to present a significant growth opportunity due to factors that are transforming the industry, including the changing regulatory environment, increasing focus on medical costs, and the consumerization of healthcare.
revenues from our manufacturing/retail/logistics segment grew 13.5% or $316 million in 2016, as compared to 2015. growth was stronger among our manufacturing and logistics customers, where revenues increased by $273 million as compared to an increase of $43 million from our retail and hospitality customers. revenues from customers added during 2016 were $71 million and represented 22.5% of the year over year revenues increase in this segment. demand within this segment continues to be driven by increased adoption of digital technologies that are reshaping our customers' business and operating models, as well as growing demand for analytics, supply chain consulting, implementation initiatives, product transformation, internet of things and omni channel commerce implementation and integration services. discretionary spending by our retail customers has been and may continue to be affected by weakness in the retail sector. revenues from our manufacturing/retail/logistics segment grew 12.0% or $250 million in 2015, as compared to 2014. during 2015, our manufacturing and logistics customers contributed $130 million to the year over year growth as compared to $120 million for our retail and hospitality customers. in 2015, revenues from customers added during that year was $63 million and represented 25.3% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment.
revenues from our other segment grew 13.5% or $189 million in 2016, as compared to 2015. in 2016, growth within other was driven by the increased adoption of digital technologies, platform engineering for cloud solutions and an expanded range of services, such as business process services. revenue growth in this segment was strong among our technology customers, where revenues increased by $90 million, and our telecommunications customers, where revenues increased by $71 million. revenues from customers added during 2016 were $35 million and represented 18.5% of the year over year revenues increase in this segment. revenues from our other segment grew 17.4% or $207 million in 2015, as compared to 2014. in 2015, growth within other was due primarily to increased demand for digital services and was strong among our information, media and entertainment and technology customers, where revenues increased by $85 million, and our technology customers, where revenues increased by $89 million. in 2015, revenues from customers added during that year was $23 million and represented 11.3% of the year over year revenues increase in this segment.
revenues - geographic locations. revenues by geographic market, as determined by customer location, were as follows:
united kingdom           1,176               1,188               1,099                 (12   )        (1.0   )              89           8.1
north america continues to be our largest market representing 78.2% of total 2016 revenues and accounting for $787 million of the $1,071 million revenue increase in 2016. revenue growth among our north america customers for 2015 included $644 million year over year growth in trizetto revenues. in 2016, revenue growth in europe and rest of world markets was driven by an increase in demand for an expanded range of services, such as business process services and customer adoption and integration of digital technologies that are reshaping our customers' business and operating models. in 2016, revenues from our customers in europe grew 6.8%, after a negative currency impact of 6.5%. specifically, within the united kingdom, we experienced a decline in revenues of 1.0%, after a negative currency impact of 10.0% while revenues from our rest of europe customers increased 18.2% after a negative currency impact of 1.4%. revenue growth from our united kingdom and rest of europe customers has been and may continue to be negatively affected by the current macroeconomic conditions, including the weakening of the british pound and uncertainty in the markets due to the result of the brexit referendum. in 2015, revenues from our customers in europe grew 6.6%, after a negative currency impact of 10.2%, driven by the increasing acceptance of our global delivery model, partially offset by the strength of the u.s. dollar against the british pound, the euro, and other currencies. in 2016, revenues from our rest of world customers grew 22.7%, after a negative currency impact of 2.5%. in 2015, revenues from our rest of world customers grew 29.9%. in 2016 and 2015, rest of world revenue growth was primarily driven by the india, singapore, australia, japan and hong kong markets. we believe that europe, the middle east, the asia pacific region and latin america will continue to be areas of significant investment for us as we see these regions as long term growth opportunities.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense). our cost of revenues consists primarily of salaries, incentive-based compensation, stock-based compensation expense, payroll taxes, employee benefits, immigration and project-related travel for technical personnel and subcontracting related to revenues. our cost of revenues increased by 9.0% or $668 million during 2016 as compared to an increase of 21.2% or $1,299 million during 2015. in 2016, the increase was due primarily to an increase in compensation and benefits costs (partially offset by the impact of lower incentive-based compensation costs) and increases in certain professional service costs, partially offset by the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar and realized gains on settlement of cash flow hedges in 2016 as compared to losses in 2015. in 2015, the increase was due primarily to an increase in compensation and benefits costs (inclusive of the impact of higher incentive-based compensation costs), partially offset by the impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar, and lower realized losses on our cash flow hedges in 2015 compared to 2014. in 2016, compensation and benefit costs increased by $508 million as a result of the increase in the number of our service delivery personnel partially offset by lower incentive-based compensation costs in 2016 as compared to 2015. in 2015, the increase in compensation and benefit costs was $1,112 million as a result of the increase in the number of our service delivery personnel, including new trizetto employees, and higher incentive-based compensation costs in 2015 as compared to 2014.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, incentive-based compensation, stock-based compensation expense, payroll taxes, employee benefits, immigration, travel, marketing, communications, management, finance, administrative and occupancy costs. selling, general and administrative expenses, including depreciation and amortization, increased by 9.0% or $256 million during 2016 as compared to an increase of 26.7% or $597 million during 2015. selling, general and administrative expenses, including depreciation and amortization, increased slightly as a percentage of revenues to 22.9% in 2016 as compared to 22.8% in 2015 and 21.8% in 2014. in 2016, the increase as a percentage of revenues was due primarily to an increase in compensation and benefit costs (excluding incentive-based compensation), certain professional service costs and increases in depreciation and amortization due to recent acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of lower incentive-based compensation costs, the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar and realized gains on the settlement of cash flow hedges in 2016 as compared to losses in 2015. in 2016, we incurred $27 million in costs related to the fcpa investigation and related lawsuits. in 2015, the increase as a percentage of revenues was due primarily to increases in compensation and benefit costs (inclusive of the impact of higher incentive-based compensation costs) and increases in depreciation and amortization due to acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar, and lower realized losses on our cash flow hedges in 2015 compared to 2014.
income from operations and operating margin - overall. income from operations increased 6.9%, or $147 million in 2016 as compared to an increase of 13.6% or $257 million in 2015. our operating margin decreased to 17.0% of revenues in 2016 from 17.3% of revenues in 2015, due to increases in compensation and benefit costs (excluding incentive-based compensation), increases in certain professional service costs and increases in depreciation and amortization due to recent acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of lower incentive-based compensation in 2016, the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar, and realized gains on settlement of cash flow hedges in 2016 as compared to losses in 2015. in the fourth quarter of 2016, based on a downturn in the financial performance of the company, we lowered our annual incentive-based compensation accrual rate estimate, which resulted in a $75 million benefit to the fourth quarter operating income. in 2015, operating margin decreased to 17.3% of revenues from 18.4% of revenues in 2014, due to increases in compensation and benefit costs (inclusive of the impact of higher incentive-based compensation) and increases in depreciation and amortization due to recent acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar, lower realized losses on our cash flow hedges and decreases in certain operating expenses, including travel, in 2015 compared to 2014. excluding the impact of applicable designated cash flow hedges, the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar positively impacted our operating margin by approximately 90 basis points or 0.90 percentage points in 2016 and 98 basis points or 0.98 percentage points in 2015. each additional 1.0% change in exchange rate between the indian rupee and the u.s. dollar will have the effect of moving our operating margin by approximately 19 basis points or 0.19 percentage points.
we entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain indian rupee denominated payments in india. these hedges are intended to mitigate the volatility of the changes in the exchange rate between the u.s. dollar and the indian rupee. during the year ended december 31, 2016, the settlement of certain cash flow hedges positively impacted our operating margin by approximately 13 basis points or 0.13 percentage points as compared to a negative impact of approximately 57 basis points or 0.57 percentage points, and 133 basis points or 1.33 percentage points, for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, our non-gaap operating margins were 19.5%4, 19.7%4 and 20.2%4, respectively. as set forth in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, our non-gaap operating margin excludes stock-based compensation expense and acquisition-related charges.
segment operating profit. segment operating profits were as follows:
financial services                  $1,707              $1,642              $1,320               $65            4.0              $322          24.4
manufacturing/retail/logistics         851                 803                 686                48            6.0               117          17.1
total segment operating profit       4,199               4,098               3,249               101            2.5               849          26.2
less: unallocated costs              1,910               1,956               1,364               (46   )       (2.4   )           592          43.4
in 2016, across all our segments, segment operating profit decreased as a percentage of revenues due to increases in compensation and benefit costs (excluding incentive-based compensation), increases in certain professional service costs and continued investments to grow our business, partially offset by the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar. the operating profit in our healthcare segment was further impacted by a loss on a fixed-price contract with a customer of $27 million. in 2016, the unallocated costs decreased when compared to 2015 primarily due to lower incentive-based compensation accrual rates in 2016 compared to 2015.
in 2015, in our financial services, healthcare, and manufacturing/retail/logistics segments, segment operating profit increased as a percentage of revenues primarily due to revenue growth outpacing headcount growth and the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar, partially offset by an increase in compensation and benefits costs and continued investments to grow our business. in our other segment, segment operating profit decreased as a percentage of revenues due to continued investments to grow our business, partially offset by the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar. in 2015, the unallocated costs increased when compared to 2014 due to continued investments to grow our business, higher incentive-based compensation accrual rates in 2015 compared to 2014 and increases in selling, general and administrative expenses (including depreciation and amortization) due to recent acquisitions.
4   non-gaap operating margin is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
other income (expense), net. total other income (expense), net consists primarily of foreign currency exchange gains and (losses), interest income and interest expense. the following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, total other income (expense), net:
foreign currency exchange (losses)                                                        $(27   )          $(43   )          $(16   )           $16                $(27    )
(losses) on foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments        (3   )             -                (4   )            (3    )              4
net foreign currency exchange (losses)                                                     (30   )           (43   )           (20   )            13                 (23    )
the foreign currency exchange losses in all the years presented were attributable to the remeasurement of net monetary assets denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of our subsidiaries. the losses on foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments relate to the realized and unrealized gains and losses on foreign exchange forward contracts entered into primarily to offset foreign currency exposure to the indian rupee and other non-u.s. dollar denominated net monetary assets. as of december 31, 2016, the notional value of our undesignated hedges was $213 million. the increases in interest income in 2016 and 2015 were primarily attributed to the increase in average invested balances. the 2015 increase in interest expense are primarily attributable to the interest on debt originated in the fourth quarter of 2014.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes was $805 million in 2016, $540 million in 2015 and $485 million in 2014. the effective income tax rate increased to 34.2% in 2016 from 25.0% in 2015 primarily attributed to the effect of the incremental income tax expense of $238 million related to the india cash remittance. the effective income tax rate decreased to 25.0% in 2015 from 25.2% in 2014, primarily due to discrete tax benefits recorded in 2015, partially offset by changes in the geographic mix of our taxable income.
net income. net income was $1,553 million in 2016, $1,624 million in 2015 and $1,439 million in 2014. net income as a percentage of revenues decreased to 11.5% in 2016 from 13.1% in 2015 primarily due to the incremental income tax expense related to the india cash remittance. in 2015, net income as a percentage of revenues decreased to 13.1% from 14.0% in 2014 primarily as a result of the decrease in the operating margin, partially offset by the decrease in the effective income tax rate.
non-gaap financial measures portions of our disclosure, including the following table, include non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin, and non-gaap diluted earnings per share. these non-gaap financial measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap, and may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies. in addition, these non-gaap measures should be read in conjunction with our financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap. the reconciliations of cognizant's non-gaap financial measures to the corresponding gaap measures should be carefully evaluated.
our non-gaap income from operations and non-gaap operating margin exclude stock-based compensation expense and acquisition-related charges. our definition of non-gaap diluted earnings per share excludes net non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses and, for the year ended december 31, 2016, the impact of a one-time incremental income tax expense related to the india cash remittance, in addition to excluding stock-based compensation expense and acquisition-related charges. our non-gaap diluted earnings per share is additionally adjusted for the income tax impact of the above items, as applicable. the income tax impact of each item is calculated by applying the statutory rate and local tax regulations in the jurisdiction in which the item was incurred.
we believe providing investors with an operating view consistent with how we manage the company provides enhanced transparency into the operating results of the company. for our internal management reporting and budgeting purposes, we use non-gaap financial information that does not include, as applicable, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related
charges, net non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses, and the impact of a one-time incremental income tax expense related to the india cash remittance for financial and operational decision making, to evaluate period-to-period comparisons, to determine portions of the compensation for our executive officers and for making comparisons of our operating results to those of our competitors. therefore, it is our belief that the use of non-gaap financial measures excluding these costs provides a meaningful supplemental measure for investors to evaluate our financial performance. accordingly, we believe that the presentation of non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin and non-gaap diluted earnings per share, when read in conjunction with our reported gaap results, can provide useful supplemental information to our management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations.
a limitation of using non-gaap financial measures versus financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap is that non-gaap measures do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our operating results as determined in accordance with gaap and exclude costs that are recurring, namely stock-based compensation expense, certain acquisition-related charges, and net non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses. in addition, other companies may calculate non-
gaap financial measures differently than us, thereby limiting the usefulness of these non-gaap financial measures as a comparative tool. we compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the gaap amounts excluded from non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin and non-gaap diluted earnings per share to allow investors to evaluate such non-gaap financial measures.
the following table presents a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to the most comparable gaap measure for the years ended december 31:
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
add: acquisition-related charges (1)                                                      130                      0.9              116                      0.9               48             0.5
effect of non-operating foreign currency exchange losses, net of tax (3)                 0.04                                      0.07                                      0.02
effect of incremental income tax expense related to the india cash remittance (4)        0.39                                         -                                         -
(1)   acquisition-related charges include, when applicable, amortization of purchased intangible assets included in the depreciation and amortization expense line on our condensed consolidated statements of operations, external deal costs, acquisition-related retention bonuses, integration costs, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, charges for impairment of acquired intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs.
(2)   the non-gaap income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation expense were $49 million, $46 million and $31 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the non-gaap income tax benefits related to acquisition-related charges were $46 million, $43 million and $13 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
(3)   non-operating foreign currency exchange gains and losses are inclusive of gains and losses on related foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. the non-gaap pre-tax non-operating foreign currency exchange losses were $30 million, $43 million and $20 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, with related non-gaap tax benefits of $5 million, $2 million and $4 million, respectively. the effective tax rate related to the reported non-operating foreign currency exchange gains and losses varies depending on the jurisdictions in which such gains and losses are generated and the statutory rates applicable in those jurisdictions.
(4)   in may 2016, our principal operating subsidiary in india repurchased shares from its shareholders, which are non-indian cognizant entities, valued at $2.8 billion. as a result of this transaction, we incurred an incremental 2016 income tax expense of $238 million.
liquidity and capital resources our cash generated from operations has historically been our primary source of liquidity to fund operations and investments to grow our business. in addition, as of december 31, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $5,169 million and additional available capacity under our revolving credit facility of approximately $750 million. the following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the three years ended december 31:
net cash from operating activities                           $1,621              $2,153              $1,473           $(532     )              $680
net cash (used in) investing activities                        (963   )          (1,371   )          (3,161   )           408                 1,790
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities            (719   )            (648   )           1,503           (71       )            (2,151    )
operating activities. the decrease in operating cash flow for 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily attributable to the decrease in net income, which includes the impact of incremental taxes paid in connection with the india cash remittance, and higher incentive based compensation payments in 2016 as compared to 2015. the increase in operating cash flow for 2015 was primarily attributed to the increase in net income, further impacted by the increase in non-cash expenses and higher incentive-based compensation accruals that were paid in the first quarter of 2016. trade accounts receivable increased to $2,556 million at december 31, 2016 as compared to $2,253 million at december 31, 2015 and $1,969 million at december 31, 2014. unbilled accounts receivable were $349 million at december 31, 2016, $369 million at december 31, 2015 and $325 million at december 31, 2014. the increase in trade accounts receivable during 2016 was primarily due to increased revenues.
we monitor turnover, aging and the collection of accounts receivable by customer. our days sales outstanding calculation includes billed and unbilled accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, reduced by the uncollected portion of our deferred revenue. our days sales outstanding was 72 days as of december 31, 2016, 70 days as of december 31, 2015 and 70 days as of december 31, 2014.
investing activities. the decrease in net cash used in investing activities in 2016 compared to 2015 is due to lower net purchases of investments, partially offset by higher payments for acquisitions and equity and cost method investments. in 2015, the reduction in net cash used when compared to 2014 was primarily due to lower payments for acquisitions, as we acquired trizetto in 2014, partially offset by greater net purchases of investments and higher outflows for capital expenditures in 2015.
financing activities. the increase in cash used in financing activities in 2016 compared to 2015 is primarily attributable to higher net repayments of debt and an increase in stock repurchases. in 2015, we had net outflows from financing activities primarily due to our net repayments of debt and greater stock repurchases as compared to net cash inflows from financing activities in 2014 driven by our net borrowings under the credit agreement.
in 2014, we entered into a credit agreement with a commercial bank syndicate, or the credit agreement, providing for a $1,000 million unsecured term loan and a $750 million revolving credit facility. the term loan was used to pay a portion of the cash consideration in connection with our acquisition of trizetto. the revolving credit facility is available for general corporate purposes. the term loan and the revolving credit facility both mature on november 20, 2019. as of december 31, 2016, we had $881 million outstanding under the term loan and no outstanding loans under the revolving credit facility.
the credit agreement contains certain negative covenants, including limitations on liens, mergers, consolidations and acquisitions, subsidiary indebtedness and affiliate transactions, as well as certain affirmative covenants. in addition, the credit agreement requires us to maintain a debt to total stockholders' equity ratio not in excess of 0.40 to 1.00. as of december 31, 2016, we are in compliance with our debt covenants and have provided a quarterly certification to our lenders to that effect. we believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the credit agreement to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the remaining available capacity under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2016 and through the date of this filing.
on november 5, 2016, or the first amendment effective date, we entered into amendment no. 1 and limited waiver no. 1 to the credit agreement, or the first amendment. the first amendment modifies the representation and warranty in the credit agreement relating to compliance with anti-corruption laws to add an exception for actions, proceedings and other matters relating to our internal investigation into whether certain payments relating to our owned facilities in india were made improperly and in possible violation of the fcpa and other applicable laws, or the disclosed matters. pursuant to the first amendment, the required lenders waived certain defaults or events of default that may have existed prior to the first
we have announced a plan to return $3.4 billion to stockholders over the next two years through a combination of stock repurchases and cash dividends. as part of this plan, we expect to commence a $1.5 billion accelerated stock repurchase program in the first quarter of 2017, initiate a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share commencing in the second quarter of 2017, and repurchase stock of $1.2 billion in the open market during 2017 and 2018. we also plan to return to stockholders approximately 75% of our u.s. free cash flow, defined as net cash provided from operating activities of our u.s. operating subsidiaries less cash purchases of property and equipment by our u.s. operating subsidiaries, in 2019 and beyond through a combination of stock repurchases and cash dividends. stock repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases and through the use of rule 10b5-1 plans and/or by other means.
our board of directors intends to continue to review the capital return plan, considering our financial performance, economic outlook, regulatory changes and any other relevant factors. the board of directors' determinations regarding dividends and share repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including our net income, cash flow generated from operations or other sources, liquidity position and potential alternative uses of cash, such as acquisitions, as well as economic conditions and expected future financial results. as these factors may change over the course of the year, the amount of stock repurchase activity and actual amount of dividends declared by our board of directors, if any, during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time. there can be no guarantee that we will achieve our announced capital return plan in the amounts or on the expected time frame that we have indicated, or at all.
we believe the combination of our u.s. cash on hand, u.s. cash flows and ability to borrow under both existing and future debt arrangements continues to be sufficient to fund our current domestic operations and obligations, including debt service and future share repurchases and quarterly cash dividends. the amount of funds held in u.s. tax jurisdictions can fluctuate due to the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business, including debt repayments, and due to other reasons, such as acquisition-related activities. the company's u.s. operations historically have generated and are expected to continue to generate substantial cash flows. in circumstances where the company has additional cash requirements in the united states, we have several additional liquidity options available to meet those requirements. these options may include borrowing additional funds, including borrowings under our committed revolving credit facility or a new syndicated lending facility should we seek one, temporarily utilizing intercompany loans with certain foreign subsidiaries on a limited basis and repatriating certain of our foreign earnings. additionally, we believe we have access to the credit and equity markets and could borrow additional funds under acceptable terms and conditions or raise additional capital through an equity transaction.
in may 2016, india enacted the finance bill 2016 that, among other things, expanded the applicability of india's buyback distribution tax to certain share buyback transactions occurring after june 1, 2016. in mid-may, prior to the june 1 effective date of the enactment, our principal operating subsidiary in india repurchased shares from its shareholders, which are non-indian cognizant entities, valued at $2.8 billion. pursuant to the transaction, our principal indian operating subsidiary repurchased approximately $1.2 billion of the total $2.8 billion of shares from its u.s. shareholders, resulting in incremental tax expense, while the remaining $1.6 billion was repurchased from its shareholder outside the united states. net of taxes, the transaction resulted in a remittance of cash to the united states in the amount of $1.0 billion.
many of our operations are conducted outside the united states and significant portions of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are held internationally. as of december 31, 2016, $4,029 million of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was held outside the united states. as part of our ongoing liquidity assessments, we regularly monitor the mix of domestic and international cash flows and cash balances. we utilize certain strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. most of the amounts held outside of the united states could be repatriated to the united states but, under current law, would be subject to income taxes in the united states, less applicable foreign tax credits. other than amounts affected by the india cash remittance and amounts for which we have already accrued u.s. taxes, we intend to indefinitely reinvest these funds outside the united states and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these amounts to fund our liquidity needs in the united states. in reaching this conclusion, we considered the one-time nature of the india cash remittance, our capital needs in the united states, the available sources of liquidity in the united states and our growth plans outside the united states. however, future events may occur, such as material changes in cash estimates, discretionary transactions, including corporate restructurings, and changes in applicable laws, which may lead us to repatriate foreign earnings. this may result in an additional provision for income taxes, which could materially affect our future effective income tax rate. due to the various methods by which such earnings could be repatriated in the future, it is not currently practicable to determine the amount of applicable taxes that would result from such repatriation.
we expect our operating cash flow, cash and investment balances, and available capacity under our revolving credit facility to be sufficient to meet our operating requirements for the next twelve months. our ability to expand and grow our
business in accordance with current plans, to make acquisitions and form joint ventures, to meet our long-term capital requirements and to execute our announced capital return plan beyond a twelve month period will depend on many factors, including the rate, if any, at which our cash flow increases, our ability and willingness to accomplish acquisitions and joint ventures with capital stock, our continued intent not to repatriate foreign earnings, and the availability of public and private debt and equity financing. we cannot be certain that additional financing, if required, will be available on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all.
commitments and contingencies as of december 31, 2016, we had the following obligations and commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations and commercial commitments:
capital lease obligations                  47                       3                       8                     8         28
fixed capital commitments(3)              176                     176                       -             -                     -
other purchase commitments(4)             235                     142                      90                     3             -
(4)   other purchase commitments include, among other things, communications and information technology obligations, as well as other obligations in the ordinary course of business that we cannot cancel or where we would be required to pay a termination fee in the event of cancellation.
as of december 31, 2016, we had $151 million of unrecognized tax benefits. this represents the tax benefits associated with certain tax positions on our domestic and international tax returns that have not been recognized on our financial statements due to uncertainty regarding their resolution. the resolution of these income tax positions with the relevant taxing authorities is at various stages and therefore we are unable to make a reliable estimate of the eventual cash flows by period that may be required to settle these matters.
we are involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. we accrue a liability when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. when a material loss contingency is reasonably possible but not probable, we do not record a liability, but instead disclose the nature and the amount of the claim, and an estimate of the loss or range of loss, if such an estimate can be made. legal fees are expensed as incurred. in the opinion of management, the outcome of any existing claims and legal or regulatory proceedings, other than the specific matters described below, if decided adversely, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are conducting an internal investigation focused on whether certain payments relating to company-owned facilities in india were made improperly and in possible violation of the fcpa and other applicable laws. in september 2016, we voluntarily notified the doj and sec and are cooperating fully with both agencies. the investigation is being conducted under the oversight of the audit committee, with the assistance of outside counsel. to date, the investigation has identified a total of approximately $6 million in payments made between 2010 and 2015 that may have been recorded improperly. see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.
on october 5, 2016 and october 27, 2016, two putative securities class action complaints were filed in the united states district court for the district of new jersey on behalf of a putative class of stockholders who purchased our common stock during the period between february 25, 2016 and september 30, 2016. on november 18, 2016, a different plaintiff filed a third putative securities class action complaint in the united states district court for the district of new jersey on behalf of a putative class of stockholders who purchased our common stock during the period between february 27, 2015 and september
30, 2016. the complaints collectively name us and certain of our current and former officers as defendants and allege violations of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, based on allegedly false or misleading statements related to potential violations of the fcpa, our business, prospects and operations, and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. the plaintiffs collectively seek awards of compensatory damages, among other relief, and their costs and attorneys' and experts' fees. the united states district court for the district of new jersey issued an order, dated february 3, 2017, consolidating the three putative securities class actions.
on october 31, 2016, november 15, 2016, and november 18, 2016, three putative shareholder derivative complaints were filed in new jersey superior court, bergen county, naming us, all of our directors and certain of our current and former officers as defendants. on january 24, 2017, the new jersey superior court, bergen county, consolidated the three putative shareholder derivative actions filed in that court. the complaints assert claims for breach of fiduciary duty, corporate waste, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, mismanagement, and/or insider selling by defendants. on february 22, 2017, a fourth putative shareholder derivative complaint asserting similar claims was filed in the united states district court for the district of new jersey, naming us and certain of our directors as defendants. the complaints allege among other things that certain of our public disclosures were false and misleading by failing to disclose that payments allegedly in violation of the fcpa had been made and by asserting that management had determined that our internal controls were effective. the plaintiffs seek awards of compensatory damages and restitution to us as a result of the alleged violations and their costs and attorneys' fees, experts' fees, and other litigation expenses, among other relief.
we are presently unable to predict the duration, scope or result of the internal investigation, any investigations by the doj or the sec, the consolidated putative securities class action, the consolidated putative shareholder derivative action or any other lawsuits. as such, we are presently unable to develop a reasonable estimate of a possible loss or range of losses, if any, and thus have not recorded any accruals related to these matters. the doj and the sec have a broad range of civil and criminal sanctions under the fcpa and other laws and regulations including injunctive relief, disgorgement, fines, penalties, modifications to business practices, including the termination or modification of existing business relationships, the imposition of compliance programs and the retention of a monitor to oversee compliance with the fcpa. we expect to incur additional expenses related to fines or to remedial measures. furthermore, while the company intends to defend the lawsuits vigorously, these lawsuits and any other lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties, the actual cost of such litigation will depend upon many unknown factors and the outcome of the litigation is necessarily uncertain. as such, these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, annual or interim results of operations, cash flows or our financial condition.
many of our engagements involve projects that are critical to the operations of our customers' business and provide benefits that are difficult to quantify. any failure in a customer's systems or our failure to meet our contractual obligations to our customers, including any breach involving a customer's confidential information or sensitive data, or our obligations under applicable laws or regulations could result in a claim for substantial damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for such failure. although we attempt to contractually limit our liability for damages arising from negligent acts, errors, mistakes, or omissions in rendering our services, there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability set forth in our contracts will be enforceable in all instances or will otherwise protect us from liability for damages. although we have general liability insurance coverage, including coverage for errors or omissions, there can be no assurance that such coverage will cover all types of claims, continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed or are not covered by our insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in the normal course of business and in conjunction with certain customer engagements, we have entered into contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify customers or other parties with whom we conduct business with respect to certain matters. these arrangements can include provisions whereby we agree to hold the indemnified party and certain of their affiliated entities harmless with respect to third-party claims related to such matters as our breach of certain representations or covenants, our intellectual property infringement, our gross negligence or willful misconduct or certain other claims made against certain parties. payments by us under any of these arrangements are generally conditioned on the customer making a claim and providing us with full control over the defense and settlement of such claim. it is not possible to determine the maximum potential liability under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. historically, we have not made payments under these indemnification agreements and therefore they have not had any impact on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. however, if events arise requiring us to make payment for indemnification claims under our indemnification obligations in contracts we have entered, such payments could have material impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the company has indemnification and expense advancement obligations pursuant to its bylaws and indemnification agreements with respect to certain current and former members of senior management and the company's directors. in connection with the ongoing internal investigation, the company has received requests under such indemnification agreements and its bylaws to provide advances of funds for legal fees and other expenses, and expects additional requests in connection with the investigation and related litigation. the company has not recorded any liability for these matters as of december 31, 2016 as it cannot estimate the ultimate outcome at this time but has expensed advances made through december 31, 2016. the company has maintained directors and officers insurance, from which a portion of these expenses may be recoverable, though we have not recorded an insurance receivable as of december 31, 2016. we are unable to make a reliable estimate of the eventual cash flows by period related to the indemnification agreements described here.
foreign currency risk overall, we believe that we have limited revenue risk resulting from movement in foreign currency exchange rates as 78.2% of our revenues during 2016 were generated from customers located in north america. revenues from our customers in the united kingdom, rest of europe and rest of world represented 8.7%, 7.2% and 5.9%, respectively, of our 2016 revenues. accordingly, our operating results outside the united states may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates, primarily the british pound and the euro, as compared to the u.s. dollar. in particular, the results of the brexit referendum and its effect on the british pound may subject us to increased volatility in foreign currency exchange rate movements.
a portion of our costs in india, representing approximately 22.5% of our global operating costs during 2016, are denominated in the indian rupee and are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. these foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have an impact on our results of operations. in addition, a portion of our balance sheet is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may result in non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses upon remeasurement. in 2016, we reported foreign currency exchange losses, exclusive of hedging gains or losses, of approximately $27 million, which were primarily attributed to the remeasurement of net monetary assets denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of our subsidiaries. on an ongoing basis, we manage a portion of this risk by limiting our net monetary asset exposure to certain currencies, primarily the indian rupee, in our foreign subsidiaries.
we entered into a series of foreign exchange forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges of certain indian rupee denominated payments in india. cognizant india converts u.s. dollar receipts from intercompany billings to indian rupees to fund local expenses. these foreign exchange forward contracts to buy indian rupees and sell u.s. dollars are intended to partially offset the impact of movement of exchange rates on future operating costs. in 2016, we reported net gains of $17 million on contracts that settled during the year. as of december 31, 2016, we have outstanding contracts with a notional value of $2,340 million and weighted average contract rate of 72.3 indian rupees to the u.s. dollar. these contracts are scheduled to mature as follows:
notional value (in millions)           weighted average contract rate (indian rupee to u.s. dollar)
our foreign subsidiaries are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk for transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective subsidiary. we also use foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge balance sheet exposure to certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the subsidiary. these contracts are not designated as hedges and are intended to offset the foreign currency exchange gains or losses upon remeasurement of these net monetary assets. we entered into a series of foreign exchange forward contracts scheduled to mature in 2017 that are used to hedge our foreign currency denominated net monetary assets. at december 31, 2016, the notional value of the outstanding contracts was $213 million and the related fair value was a liability of $4 million. during 2016, inclusive of losses of $3 million on our undesignated balance sheet hedges, we reported net foreign currency exchange losses of approximately $30 million.
off-balance sheet arrangements other than our foreign exchange forward contracts, there were no off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons in 2016, 2015 and 2014 that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
effects of inflation our most significant costs are the salaries and related benefits for our programming staff and other professionals. in certain regions, competition for professionals with advanced technical skills necessary to perform our services has caused wages to increase at a rate greater than the general rate of inflation. as with other service providers in our industry, we must adequately anticipate wage increases, particularly on our fixed-price contracts. historically, we have experienced increases in compensation and benefit costs, including incentive-based compensation, in india; however, this has not had a material impact on our results of operations as we have been able to absorb such cost increases through cost management strategies such as managing discretionary costs, mix of professional staff and utilization levels and achieving other operating efficiencies. there can be no assurance that we will be able to offset such cost increases in the future.
critical accounting estimates management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our accompanying consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, or gaap. we base our estimates on historical experience, current trends and on various other assumptions that are believed to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. we evaluate our estimates on a continuous basis. however, the actual amounts may differ from the estimates used in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
we believe the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported consolidated financial statements as they require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. changes to these estimates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. our significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition. revenues related to our highly complex application development contracts, which are predominantly fixed-price contracts, and certain other fixed-price contracts are recognized as the services are performed using the percentage of completion method and the proportional performance method of accounting, respectively. under the percentage of completion method, total contract revenues during the term of an agreement are recognized based on the percentage that each contract's total labor cost to date bears to the total expected labor cost (cost to cost method). under the proportional performance method, total contract revenues are recognized based on the level of effort to date in relation to total expected efforts provided to the customer. management reviews the assumptions related to these methods on an ongoing basis. revisions to our estimates may result in increases or decreases to revenues and income and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the periods in which they are first identified. if our estimates indicate that a contract loss will be incurred, a loss provision is recorded in the period in which the loss first becomes probable and reasonably estimable. contract losses are determined to be the amount by which the estimated costs of the contract exceed the estimated total revenues that will be generated by the contract and such losses are included in cost of revenues in our consolidated statement of operations. changes in estimates related to our revenue contracts and contract losses were immaterial for the periods presented.
allowance for doubtful accounts. we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. we estimate an allowance for doubtful accounts by evaluating the financial condition and relative credit-worthiness of each customer, historical collections experience and other information, including the aging of the receivables.
income taxes. determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, deferred income tax assets (and related valuation allowance, if any) and liabilities requires significant judgment. we are required to calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions where we operate. changes in the geographic mix of income before taxes or estimated level of annual pre-tax income can affect our overall effective income tax rate. the consolidated provision for income taxes may also change period to period based on non-recurring events, such as the settlement of income tax audits and changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles.
our provision for income taxes also includes the impact of reserves established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as the related interest, which may require us to apply judgment to complex issues and may require an extended period of time to resolve. although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not differ from our recorded amounts. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit. to the extent that the final outcome of these matters differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
significant judgment is also required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred income tax assets. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence for each jurisdiction including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. if it is determined that it is more likely than not that future tax benefits associated with a deferred income tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is provided. in the event we change our determination as to the amount of deferred income tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact recorded to our provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
our indian subsidiaries, collectively referred to as cognizant india, are primarily export-oriented companies and are eligible for certain income tax holiday benefits granted by the government of india for export activities conducted within sezs for periods of up to 15 years. a majority of our sez income tax holiday benefits are currently scheduled to expire in whole or in part during the years 2017 to 2027 and may be extended on a limited basis for an additional five years per unit if certain reinvestment criteria are met. we have constructed and expect to continue to operate most of our newer development facilities in sezs. our indian profits ineligible for sez benefits are subject to corporate income tax at the rate of 34.6%. in addition, all indian profits, including those generated within sezs, are subject to the mat, at the rate of 21.3%. any mat paid is creditable against future indian corporate income tax, subject to limitations. currently, we anticipate utilizing our existing mat balances against our future corporate income tax obligations in india. however, our ability to do so could be impacted by possible changes to the indian tax laws as well as the future financial results of cognizant india.
stock-based compensation. stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the vesting period. determining the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating the expected term over which the stock awards will be outstanding before they are exercised, the expected volatility of our stock and the number of stock-based awards that are expected to be forfeited. in addition, for performance stock units, we are required to estimate the most probable outcome of the performance conditions in order to determine the amount of stock compensation costs to be recorded over the vesting period. to the extent that actual results differ significantly from our estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be materially impacted.
derivative financial instruments. derivative financial instruments are recorded on the balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value as of the reporting date. our derivative financial instruments consist of foreign exchange forward contracts. we estimate the fair value of each foreign exchange forward contract by using a present value of expected cash flows model. this model utilizes various assumptions, including timing and amounts of cash flows, discount rates, and counterparty credit risk factors. the use of different assumptions could have a positive or negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
investments. our investment portfolio is comprised primarily of time deposits, mutual funds invested in fixed income securities and corporate bonds, municipal bonds, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, debt issuances by the u.s. government, u.s. government agencies, foreign governments and supranational entities and asset-backed securities. the asset-backed securities included government national mortgage association (gnma) mortgage backed securities and securities backed by auto loans, credit card receivables, and other receivables. the years of issuance of our asset-backed securities fall primarily in the 2012 to 2016 range.
we utilize various inputs to determine the fair value of our investment portfolio. to the extent they exist, unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets in active markets (level 1) or quoted prices on similar assets (level 2) are utilized to determine the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. in the absence of quoted prices or liquid markets, valuation techniques would be used to determine fair value of any investments that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (level 3). valuation techniques are based on various assumptions, including timing and amounts of cash flows, discount rates, rate of return, and adjustments for nonperformance and liquidity. a significant degree of judgment is involved in valuing investments using level 3 inputs. the use of different assumptions could have a positive or negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. as of december 31, 2016, none of our investments were categorized as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our security valuation methodologies.
we periodically evaluate if unrealized losses, as determined based on the security valuation methodologies discussed above, on individual securities classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity are considered to be other-than-temporary. the analysis of other-than-temporary impairment requires the use of various assumptions, including the length of time an investment's cost basis is greater than fair value, the severity of the investment's decline, any credit deterioration of the investment, whether management intends to sell the security and whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis. once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to income and a new cost basis in the investment is established.
business combinations. accounting for business combinations requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions. we account for business combinations using the acquisition method which requires us to estimate the fair value of identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, including any contingent consideration and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree to properly allocate purchase price consideration to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the allocation of the purchase price utilizes significant estimates in determining the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, especially with respect to intangible assets. the significant estimates and assumptions include the timing and amount of future revenues and cash flows, anticipated growth rates, customer attrition rates, the discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows and the determination of useful lives for finite-lived assets.
long-lived assets and finite-lived intangibles. we review long-lived assets and certain finite-lived identifiable intangibles for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. we recognize an impairment loss when the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of such assets. the impairment loss is determined as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. assessing the fair value of assets involves significant estimates and assumptions including estimation of future cash flows, the timing of such cash flows and discount rates reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. we allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. our reporting units are one level below our operating segments. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, regulatory environment, established business plans, operating performance indicators or competition. evaluation of goodwill for impairment requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets, liabilities and goodwill to reporting units and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit.
we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of an income approach, utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis, and a market approach, using market multiples. under the income approach, we need to estimate projected future cash flows, the timing of such cash flows and long term growth rates, and determine the appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows. the discount rate used is based on our weighted-average cost of capital and may be adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit's ability to execute on the projected future cash flows. under the market approach, we estimate fair value based on market multiples of revenues and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with characteristics similar to the reporting unit. there was no indication of goodwill impairment as a result of our 2016 annual impairment analysis, as the fair values of each of our reporting units exceeded their respective net book values, including goodwill.  further, a 10% increase or decrease in any of the key assumptions used under either the income approach or the market approach would not result in a significant impact to the excess fair value over book value for any of our reporting units.
the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit.
we also evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, or as circumstances warrant. our 2016 qualitative assessment included the review of relevant macroeconomic factors and entity-specific qualitative factors to determine if it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets was below carrying value.
based on our most recent evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which was performed as of december 31, 2016, none of our reporting units or indefinite-lived intangible assets was considered to be at risk of impairment. as of december 31, 2016, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset balances were $2,554 million and $63 million, respectively.
contingencies. loss contingencies are recorded as liabilities when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. when a material loss contingency is reasonably possible but not probable, we do not record a liability, but instead disclose the nature and the amount of the claim, and an estimate of the loss or range of loss, if such an estimate can be made. significant judgment is required in the determination of both probability and whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. our judgments are subjective and based on the information available from the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of our defenses and consultation with in-house and outside legal counsel. as additional information becomes available, we reassess any potential liability related to any pending litigation and may revise our estimates. such revisions in estimates of any potential liabilities could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
recently adopted and new accounting pronouncements see note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information.
forward looking statements the statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended) that involve risks and uncertainties. such forward-looking statements may be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believe," "expect," "may," "could," "would," "plan," "intend," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue," "should" or "anticipate" or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. from time to time, we or our representatives have made or may make forward-looking statements, orally or in writing.
such forward-looking statements may be included in various filings made by us with the securities and exchange commission, or press releases or oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our authorized executive officers. these forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding anticipated future revenues or operating margins, contract percentage completions, earnings, capital expenditures, liquidity, access to capital, capital return plan, investment strategies, cost management, plans and objectives, including those related to our digital practice areas, investment in our business and potential acquisitions, industry trends, customer behaviors and trends, and the ongoing internal investigation and other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections, management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. actual results, performance, achievements and outcomes could differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. there are a number of important factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including:
•   competition from other service providers;
•   the risk that we may not be able to achieve targeted improvements in our operating margin and level of profitability, or that our operating margin and profitability may decline;
•   the risk of liability or damage to our reputation resulting from security breaches;
•   any possible failure to comply with or adapt to changes in healthcare-related data protection and privacy laws;
•   the loss of customers, especially as a few customers account for a large portion of our revenues;
•   the risk that we may not be able to keep pace with the rapidly evolving technological environment;
•   the rate of growth in the use of technology in business and the type and level of technology spending by our customers;
•   risks associated with our ongoing internal investigation into possible violations of the fcpa and similar laws, including the cost of such investigation and any sanctions, fines or remedial measures that may be imposed by the doj or sec, additional expenses related to remedial measures, the costs of defending and possible judgments against us that may result from associated lawsuits against us and any possible impact on our ability to timely file the required reports with the sec;
•   risks associated with our identified material weakness in internal control over financial reporting and any other failure to maintain effective internal controls, including any potential future findings of control deficiencies through the internal investigation, as a we acquire and integrate other companies or otherwise;
•   our inability to successfully acquire or integrate target companies;
•   system failure or disruptions in our communications or information technology;
•   the risk that we may lose key executives and not be able to enforce non-competition agreements with them;
•   competition for hiring highly-skilled technical personnel;
•   possible failure to provide business solutions and deliver complex and large projects for our customers;
•   our revenues being highly dependent on customers concentrated in certain industries, including financial services and healthcare, and located primarily in the united states and europe;
•   the risk that we may not be able to pay dividends or repurchase shares in accordance with our announced capital return plan, or at all;
•   the risks associated with the incurrence of indebtedness as we anticipate incurring additional indebtedness to help fund our announced capital return plan;
•   the effects of fluctuations in the indian rupee and other currency exchange rates;
•   the possibility that we may be required, as a result of our indebtedness, or otherwise choose to repatriate foreign earnings or that our foreign earnings or profits may become subject to u.s. taxes;
•   the possibility that we may lose certain tax benefits provided to companies in our industry by the indian government;
•   the risk that we may not be able to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, or that we may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others;
•   changes in domestic and international regulations and legislation relating to immigration and anti-outsourcing;
•   increased regulation of the financial services and healthcare industries, as well as other industries in which our customers operate;
•   the brexit referendum and any negative effects on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business;
•   the recent u.s. presidential election and related regulatory uncertainties, including in the areas of outsourcing, immigration and taxes;
•   the risk of war, terrorist activities, pandemics and natural disasters; and
•   the factors set forth in part i, in the section entitled "item 1a. risk factors" in this report.
you are advised to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in the reports we file with the securities and exchange commission, including this report in the sections titled "part i, item 1. business," "part i, item 1a. risk factors" and "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.