item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
for an overview of our business groups, including a discussion of products and services provided, see the business discussion contained in item 1. the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in item 8.
business environment with 60 percent of our revenue from the u.s. government, our financial performance is impacted by u.s. government spending levels, particularly defense spending. over the past several years, u.s. defense spending has been mandated by the budget control act of 2011 (bca). the bca establishes spending caps over a 10-year period through 2021.
the fiscal year (fy) 2017 budget request for the department of defense (dod) totals $589 billion, which includes $524 billion in the base budget in compliance with the bca, as well as $65 billion for overseas contingency operations. the budget request represents a slight increase over fy 2016 spending levels. congress has not yet passed the fy 2017 defense appropriation bill, and on december 10, 2016, a continuing resolution (cr), which funds government agencies at fy 2016 spending levels, was approved through april 28, 2017. to prevent detrimental changes or delays to certain government programs, the cr included exceptions that provide funding flexibility and additional appropriations for certain programs, including the columbia-class submarine program. we do not anticipate that the current cr will have a material impact on our operating results in 2017.
the long-term outlook for our u.s. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the u.s. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution.
we continue to pursue international opportunities presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-u.s. operations and through exports from our north american businesses. while the revenue potential can be significant, these opportunities are subject to changing budget priorities and overall spending pressures unique to each country.
in navigating the current business environment, we continue to focus on improving operating earnings, expanding margin and the efficient conversion of earnings into cash. we emphasize effective program execution, anticipate trends and react to changing circumstances in our business environment, and look for opportunities to drive cost-reduction activities across our business.
results of operations introduction an understanding of our accounting practices is important to evaluate our financial statements and operating results. we recognize the majority of our revenue using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. the following paragraphs explain how this method is applied in recognizing revenue and operating costs in our business groups for the periods reported in this form 10-k.
in the aerospace group, contracts for new aircraft have two major phases: the manufacture of the "green" aircraft and the aircraft's outfitting, which includes exterior painting and installation of customer-selected interiors. we record revenue on these contracts at the completion of these two phases: when green aircraft are completed and accepted by the customer, and when the customer accepts final delivery of the outfitted aircraft. we do not recognize revenue at green delivery unless (1) a contract has been executed with the customer and (2) the customer can be expected to satisfy its obligations under the contract, as evidenced by the receipt of deposits from the customer and other factors. revenue associated with the group's completions of other original equipment manufacturers' (oems) aircraft and the group's services businesses are recognized as work progresses or upon delivery of services. fluctuations in revenue from period to period result from the number and mix of new aircraft deliveries (green and outfitted), progress on aircraft completions and the level of aircraft service activity during the period.
the majority of the aerospace group's operating costs relates to new aircraft production on firm orders and consists of labor, material, subcontractor and overhead costs. the costs are accumulated in production lots, recorded in inventory and recognized as operating costs at green aircraft delivery based on the estimated average unit cost in a production lot. while changes in the estimated average unit cost for a production lot impact the level of operating costs, the amount of operating costs reported in a given period is based largely on the number and type of aircraft delivered. operating costs in the aerospace group's completions and services businesses are recognized generally as incurred.
for new aircraft, operating earnings and margin are a function of the prices of our aircraft, our operational efficiency in manufacturing and outfitting the aircraft, and the mix of higher-margin large-cabin and lower-margin mid-cabin aircraft deliveries. additional factors affecting the group's earnings and margin include the volume, mix and profitability of completions and services work performed, the volume of and market for pre-owned aircraft and the level of general and administrative (g&a) and net research and development (r&d) costs incurred by the group.
in the three defense groups, revenue on our long-term government contracts is recognized as the work progresses, either as products are produced or as services are rendered. as a result, variations in revenue are discussed generally in terms of volume, typically measured by the level of activity on individual contracts or programs. year-over-year variances attributed to volume are due to changes in production or service levels and delivery schedules.
operating costs for the defense groups consist of labor, material, subcontractor, overhead and g&a costs and are recognized generally as incurred. variances in costs recognized from period to period reflect primarily increases and decreases in production or activity levels on individual contracts and, therefore, result largely from the same factors that drive variances in revenue.
operating earnings and margin in the defense groups are driven by changes in volume, performance or contract mix. performance refers to changes in profitability based on adjustments to estimates at completion on individual contracts. these adjustments result from increases or decreases to the estimated value of the contract, the estimated costs to complete or both. therefore, changes in costs incurred in the
period compared with prior periods do not necessarily impact profitability. it is only when total estimated costs at completion on a given contract change without a corresponding change in the contract value that the profitability of that contract may be impacted. contract mix refers to changes in the volume of higher- vs. lower-margin work. additionally, higher or lower margins can be inherent in the contract type (e.g., fixed-price/cost-reimbursable) or type of work (e.g., development/production).
•   return on invested capital (roic) of 18.1 percent, 70 basis points higher than 2015.
•   robust backlog, including several significant contract awards received in 2016, providing stability well into the future.
operating earnings and margin increased in 2016 on essentially flat revenue compared with 2015, continuing a trend of superb operating performance. our volume reflects fewer aircraft deliveries in our aerospace group offset largely by higher u.s. navy engineering and ship construction work in our marine systems group and c4isr (command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance) solutions volume in our information systems and technology group. operating costs and expenses decreased at a greater rate than revenue, resulting in positive operating leverage. as a result, operating margin increased 40 basis points compared with 2015. this margin expansion was attributable to improved performance and continued cost reduction efforts in the aerospace, combat systems and information systems and technology groups.
we realized top-line revenue growth in 2015 driven primarily by higher ship construction and engineering activity in our marine systems group and additional deliveries of g650 aircraft in our aerospace group. revenue was down slightly in our combat systems and information systems and technology groups. operating costs and expenses increased less than revenue in 2015, resulting in a 70 basis-point increase in consolidated operating margin compared with 2014. operating margin improved in the aerospace, combat systems and information systems and technology groups.
following is a discussion of operating results for each of our business groups. for the aerospace group, results are analyzed for specific types of products and services, consistent with how the group is managed. for the defense groups, the discussion is based on the lines of products and services each group offers with a supplemental discussion of specific contracts and programs when significant to the group's results. additional information regarding our business groups can be found in note q to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
gulfstream aircraft deliveries (in units):
outfitted                                              115                 154          (39   )       (25.3   )%
aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions   $(548     )
aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions revenue decreased in 2016 due primarily to a planned reduction in green and outfitted deliveries of g550 and g450 large-cabin and g280 mid-size aircraft, offset partially by additional deliveries of the ultra-large-cabin g650 aircraft. aircraft services revenue increased in 2016 driven by higher demand for maintenance work and the acquisition of an aircraft management and charter services provider in 2016. we had one additional pre-owned aircraft sale in 2016 compared with 2015 (eight versus seven).
aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions      $(57   )
operating earnings were up slightly in 2016 compared with 2015 despite the top-line decrease in revenue. aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions earnings were down due to fewer green and outfitted aircraft deliveries and the absence of a supplier settlement received in 2015, offset partially by favorable cost performance. the group's aircraft services operating earnings were particularly strong in 2016 due to a favorable mix of work and improved labor efficiencies. in addition, g&a expenses were lower as a result of cost savings initiatives.
in 2016, the group's operating margin increased 120 basis points to a record-high 20.5 percent. the margin expansion was driven primarily by ongoing cost savings initiatives and improved operating performance across the group.
gulfstream aircraft deliveries (in units):
outfitted                                              154                 150            4         2.7   %
the aerospace group's revenue and earnings increased in 2015 due primarily to additional deliveries of g650 aircraft. operating earnings in 2015 were affected favorably by a supplier settlement associated with aircraft component design and delivery delays. additionally, the group's services performance reflected a favorable mix of work. partially offsetting these increases, the group's performance was impacted by slightly
higher net r&d expenses associated with ongoing product-development efforts. overall the aerospace group's operating margin increased 70 basis points to 19.3 percent in 2015.
international military vehicles   $(69      )
u.s. military vehicles            33
weapons systems and munitions     (2        )
the transition from engineering to production on a major combat-vehicle contract in the middle east and the timing of work on the group's contract to upgrade and modernize lav iii combat vehicles for the canadian army resulted in lower revenue on our international military vehicle programs in 2016. this decrease was offset largely by higher volume on the stryker program to upgrade vehicles with a 30-millimeter cannon.
translation of our international businesses' revenue into u.s. dollars in 2016 has been affected negatively by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, continuing a recent trend we have been experiencing. in 2016, the translation impact was due primarily to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the canadian dollar and british pound. had foreign currency exchange rates in 2016 held constant from 2015, revenue in the combat systems group would have increased 1.5 percent over 2015.
revenue decreased in 2015 due primarily to lower revenue from u.s. military vehicles and weapons systems and munitions. in 2015, revenue from u.s. military vehicles declined as a result of the completion of the ground combat vehicle (gcv) design and development program, offset partially by a ramp-up in work on the stryker engineering change proposal (ecp) upgrade program. weapons systems and munitions revenue decreased in 2015 due primarily to lower volume of hydra-70 rockets and decreased ammunition production for u.s. allies.
the combat systems group's operating margin increased 60 basis points in 2015 reflecting the group's strong operating performance and cost cutting across the business, including reduced overhead costs following restructuring activities completed in 2014.
information technology (it) services       (60   )
c4isr solutions revenue increased in 2016 due to higher volume across the business, including the warfighter information network-tactical (win-t) mobile communications network program and several programs in canada and the united kingdom. revenue decreased in 2016 in our it services business driven by lower volume on our health solutions programs, including decreased contact-center services work for the centers for medicare & medicaid services.
operating margin increased 70 basis points in 2016. this margin expansion was driven primarily by strong program performance and favorable contract mix across our portfolio. the group also continued to benefit from the 2015 consolidation of two of our businesses to form general dynamics mission systems. operating earnings in 2015 included a gain of $23 on the sale of a commercial cyber security product business. excluding the impact of this gain on the prior-year period, the group's operating margin increased 100 basis points in 2016.
in 2015, revenue was down across the information systems and technology group. it services revenue decreased due to lower volume on several programs, including our commercial wireless work. revenue decreased slightly in our c4isr solutions business due in part to lower volume on the handheld, manpack and small form fit (hms) radio program.
despite the revenue decline, the group's operating margin increased 150 basis points in 2015 driven primarily by improved program performance and rightsizing across the group, including the favorable impact from the 2015 consolidation of businesses discussed previously. operating earnings in 2015 also included the $23 gain on the sale of a commercial cyber security product business.
revenue from u.s. navy ship engineering, repair and other services increased in 2016 due to additional development work on the columbia-class submarine program, offset partially by lower volume for u.s. navy repair work. u.s. navy ship construction revenue increased in 2016 due to higher volume on block iv of the virginia-class submarine program and the expeditionary sea base (esb) contract, as well as engineering and design work for the tao-205 next-generation fleet oilers. jones act commercial ship construction revenue decreased following the delivery of six ships in 2016.
the marine systems group's operating margin decreased 30 basis points in 2016 driven primarily by cost growth associated with the restart of the navy's ddg-51 program. the group's operating margin was also affected unfavorably in 2016 by lower-margin engineering services and commercial ship work.
operating margin decreased 50 basis points in 2015 due primarily to a shift in contract mix, including a gap in production on the mature esb program that was replaced by jones act commercial ship contracts and the transition from block iii to block iv of the virginia-class submarine program. the group's operating margin was also affected unfavorably by cost growth on the navy's ddg-1000 program and the restart of the ddg-51 program.
corporate corporate results consist primarily of compensation expense for stock options. corporate costs totaled $40 in 2016, $41 in 2015 and $72 in 2014. the decrease in 2015 and 2016 expense is due primarily to lower compensation expense for stock options, as options granted beginning in 2015 have a three-year vesting period versus a two-year vesting period for prior option grants. see note o to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information regarding our equity compensation plans. we expect corporate operating costs in 2017 of approximately $55. the increase over 2015 and 2016 reflects normalized compensation expense for stock options following the previously described vesting period change.
aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions     $(548   )
product revenue decreased in 2016 due primarily to fewer aircraft deliveries and decreased jones act commercial ship construction volume following the delivery of six ships in 2016. revenue from c4isr products increased in 2016 due primarily to higher volume on the win-t program. product operating costs decreased in 2016 consistent with the lower volume on the programs described above.
service revenue increased in 2016 due primarily to additional development work on the columbia-class submarine program. service operating costs increased in 2016 consistent with the higher volume described above.
aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions       200
ship construction revenue increased in 2015 due to higher volume on the virginia-class submarine program and commercial jones act ships. aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions revenue increased due to additional deliveries of g650 aircraft. product operating costs increased in 2015 due primarily to higher volume on the programs described above.
it services                                      (176   )
military vehicle services                         (65   )
ship engineering, repair and other services revenue was up in 2015 due to increased development work on the columbia-class submarine program. it services revenue decreased due to lower volume on several programs, particularly the group's commercial wireless work. military vehicle services revenue decreased due primarily to the completion of the gcv design and development program. service operating costs decreased in 2015 due primarily to lower volume on the programs described above, as well as cost-reduction efforts in the information systems and technology group.
g&a expenses as a percentage of revenue, g&a expenses were 6.2 percent in 2016 and 2015 and 6.4 percent in 2014. g&a expenses in 2014 included $29 of severance-related charges in our european military vehicles business in the combat systems group. we expect g&a expenses in 2017 to be generally consistent with 2016.
provision for income tax, net our effective tax rate was 27.6 percent in 2016, 27.7 percent in 2015 and 29.7 percent in 2014. the effective tax rate in 2016 was favorably impacted by increased international activity and the adoption of accounting standards update (asu) 2016-09. for further discussion of the adoption of asu 2016-09, see note a to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. the decrease in the effective tax rate in 2015 from 2014 was due primarily to the favorable impact of contract close-outs in 2015. for further discussion and a reconciliation of our effective tax rate from the statutory federal rate, see note e to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. for 2017, we anticipate a full-year effective tax rate of approximately 28 percent.
discontinued operations, net of tax in 2013, we settled litigation with the u.s. navy related to the terminated a-12 aircraft contract in the company's former tactical military aircraft business. in connection with the settlement, we released some rights to reimbursement of costs on ships under contract at the time at our bath, maine, shipyard. as we have progressed through the shipbuilding process, we have determined that the cost associated with this settlement is greater than anticipated. therefore, in the third quarter of 2016, we recognized an $84 loss, net of tax, to adjust the previously-recognized settlement value. in addition, we recognized a $10 loss, net of tax, in the fourth quarter of 2016 related to an environmental matter associated with a former operation of the company.
see note a to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further discussion of these transactions.
2017 outlook our 2017 outlook has been developed under accounting standards codification (asc) topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers, which we adopted on january 1, 2017. we have assessed our 2015 and 2016 operating results under asc topic 606 as outlined in the table that follows.
the impact of asc topic 606 on our 2015 and 2016 operating results may or may not be representative of the impact on subsequent years' results. as described in the application of critical accounting policies discussion below, aircraft manufacturing revenue in our aerospace group will be recognized when control is transferred to the customer, generally at customer acceptance and final delivery of the fully outfitted aircraft. additionally, use of the cumulative catch-up method of recognizing adjustments in estimated profits on our long-term contracts will require us to recognize the total impact of an adjustment in the period it is identified rather than prospectively over the remaining contract term as we have in the past.
revenue recognition accounting change as of january 1, 2017
the following 2017 outlook for each of our business groups is compared with the 2016 restated operating results under the new standard shown in the table above:
•   information systems and technology - we expect the information systems and technology group's revenue to increase slightly in 2017, with operating margin approximating 11 percent.
for further discussion of our adoption of asc topic 606, see the application of critical accounting policies discussion below and note s to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
our total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was $59.8 billion at the end of 2016, compared with $66.1 billion at the end of 2015. our total estimated contract value, which combines total backlog with estimated potential contract value, was $84.8 billion on december 31, 2016.
estimated potential contract value includes work awarded on unfunded indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (idiq) contracts and unexercised options associated with existing firm contracts. contract options in our defense business represent agreements to perform additional work under existing contracts at the election of the customer. the actual amount of funding received in the future may be higher or lower than our estimate of potential contract value. we recognize options in backlog when the customer exercises the option and establishes a firm order.
aerospace aerospace funded backlog represents aircraft and custom completion orders for which we have definitive purchase contracts and deposits from customers. unfunded backlog consists of agreements to provide future aircraft maintenance and support services. the aerospace group ended 2016 with backlog of $11 billion, compared with $13.4 billion at year-end 2015.
orders in 2016 reflected solid demand across our product and services portfolio. we continued to receive additional orders for the new family of business jets introduced in 2014, the g500 and g600 aircraft, which are expected to enter into service in 2017 and 2018, respectively, as well as orders for all models of in-production aircraft.
estimated potential contract value in the aerospace group represents primarily options to purchase new aircraft and long-term agreements with fleet customers. estimated potential contract value was $2.1 billion on december 31, 2016, down slightly from $2.4 billion at year-end 2015.
defense groups the total backlog in our three defense groups represents the estimated remaining sales value of work to be performed under firm contracts. the funded portion of this backlog includes items that have been authorized and appropriated by congress and funded by the customer, as well as commitments by international customers that are similarly approved and funded by their governments. we have included in total backlog firm contracts at the amounts that we believe we are likely to receive funding, but there is no guarantee that future budgets and appropriations will provide the funding necessary for a given program.
total backlog in our defense groups was $48.8 billion on december 31, 2016, down from $52.7 billion at the end of 2015. estimated potential contract value was $22.9 billion on december 31, 2016, compared with $22 billion at year-end 2015.
•   $4.3 billion from the u.k. ministry of defence to produce ajax armoured fighting vehicles scheduled for delivery to the british army between 2017 and 2024 and related in-service support.
the group also has several additional international military vehicle production contracts in backlog, notably:
•   $510 to produce over 300 armored personnel carriers (apcs) for the danish defence acquisition and logistics organization.
the u.s. army's stryker wheeled combat vehicle program represented $850 of the group's backlog on december 31, 2016, with vehicles scheduled for delivery through 2018. the group received $900 of stryker orders in 2016, including awards to produce double-v-hulled vehicles, upgrade vehicles with an integrated 30-millimeter cannon and provide contractor logistics support and engineering services.
the group's backlog on december 31, 2016, included $810 for abrams main battle tank modernization and upgrade programs for the army and u.s. allies around the world, including $210 for m1a2 system enhancement program (sep) components and associated program management and $155 to refurbish and upgrade abrams main battle tanks to the situational awareness configuration for the kingdom of morocco. the group received $500 of abrams orders in 2016.
the combat systems group's backlog on december 31, 2016, also included $2.3 billion for multiple weapons systems and munitions programs, including $170 received in 2016 from the army for production of hydra-70 rockets.
information systems and technology unlike our other defense businesses, the information systems and technology group's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and is reconstituted each year with new programs and task order awards. the group's total backlog was $8.4 billion at the end of 2016, down slightly from $8.6 billion at year-end 2015. this amount does not include $14.3 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of idiq contracts and unexercised options. in 2016, funding under idiq contracts and options contributed $3.9 billion to the group's orders.
•   $630 from the centers for medicare &amp; medicaid services for contact-center services, with $335 remaining in backlog at year-end 2016.
•   $840 for the canadian maritime helicopter project (mhp) to provide integrated mission systems, training and support for canadian marine helicopters.
•   $420 of support and modernization work for the intelligence community, the dod and the department of homeland security, including the st. elizabeths campus, new campus east and enterprise transport infrastructure programs.
•   $310 for combat and seaframe control systems for u.s. navy independence-variant littoral combat ships (lcs).
•   $295 for the win-t mobile communications network program. the group received $230 of orders in 2016 for additional increment 2 equipment.
•   $270 for long-term support and capability upgrades for the u.k.'s bowman tactical communication system.
marine systems the marine systems group's backlog consists of long-term submarine and ship construction programs, as well as numerous engineering and repair contracts. the group periodically receives large contract awards that provide backlog for several years. this backlog then decreases over subsequent years as the group performs on these contracts. consistent with this pattern, backlog decreased to $22.7 billion on december 31, 2016, compared with $25.1 billion at the end of 2015.
in 2016, we were awarded a six-ship contract by the navy for the detailed design and construction of a new class of fleet oilers, the john lewis class (tao-205). backlog at year-end 2016 included $600 for the lead ship. an additional $2.4 billion is included in our estimated potential contract value at year end, representing options for the additional five ships.
complementing these ship construction programs, engineering services represented approximately $1.8 billion of the marine systems group's backlog on december 31, 2016. design and development efforts on the columbia-class ballistic missile submarine program represent $375 of this amount. the approved cr permits the dod to use specified procurement funds to begin advance procurement and detailed design work for the columbia-class submarine program, allowing the program to move forward as planned in fy 2017. additionally, year-end backlog for maintenance, repair and other services totaled $1.5 billion.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources we place a strong emphasis on cash flow generation. this focus gives us the flexibility for capital deployment while preserving a strong balance sheet to position us for future opportunities. cash generated by operating activities over the past three years was deployed to repurchase our common stock, pay dividends and fund capital expenditures.
our cash balances are invested primarily in time deposits from highly rated banks rated a-/a3 or higher. on december 31, 2016, $1.1 billion of our cash was held by non-u.s. operations. should this cash be repatriated, it generally would be subject to u.s. federal income tax but would generate offsetting foreign tax credits.
net cash provided by operating activities                $2,198              $2,607              $3,828
net cash (used) provided by investing activities           (426   )             200              (1,102   )
net cash used by financing activities                    (2,169   )          (4,367   )          (3,675   )
marketable securities                                         -                   -                 500
debt-to-equity (a)                                         35.4   %            31.7   %            32.9   %
debt-to-capital (b)                                        26.2   %            24.0   %            24.8   %
note: prior period information has been restated to reflect the reclassification of certain items in accordance with asu 2016-09. for further discussion of the adoption of asu 2016-09, see note a to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
(a)   debt-to-equity ratio is calculated as total debt divided by total equity.
(b)   debt-to-capital ratio is calculated as total debt divided by the sum of total debt plus total equity.
we expect to continue to generate funds in excess of our short- and long-term liquidity needs. we believe we have adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute our financial and operating strategy. the following is a discussion of our major operating, investing and financing activities for each of the past three years, as classified on the consolidated statement of cash flows in item 8.
operating activities we generated cash from operating activities of $2.2 billion in 2016, $2.6 billion in 2015 and $3.8 billion in 2014. in all three years, the primary driver of cash flows was net earnings. operating cash flows in 2014 included significant customer deposits related to a large contract for a middle eastern customer awarded in our combat systems group. in 2015 and 2016, operating cash flows were affected negatively by growth in operating working capital as these deposits were utilized. in our aerospace group, the build-up of inventory related to the new g500 and g600 aircraft programs also unfavorably affected operating cash flows in both years.
investing activities cash used for investing activities was $426 in 2016 compared with cash provided by investing activities of $200 in 2015 and cash used for investing activities of $1.1 billion in 2014. our investing activities include cash paid for capital expenditures and business acquisitions; purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities; and proceeds from asset sales.
capital expenditures. the primary use of investing cash in all three years was capital expenditures. capital expenditures were $392 in 2016, $569 in 2015 and $521 in 2014. we expect capital expenditures of approximately 2 percent of revenue in 2017.
marketable securities. in 2015, we received $500 of proceeds from maturing held-to-maturity securities purchased in 2014. other net purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities in all three years were not material.
other, net. investing activities also include proceeds from the sale of assets and cash paid for business acquisitions. in 2016, we acquired an aircraft management and charter services provider in our aerospace group and a manufacturer of unmanned underwater vehicles (uuvs) in our information systems and technology group. in 2015, we completed the sale of our axle business in the combat systems group and a commercial cyber security business in our information systems and technology group. in 2014, we completed an acquisition of a provider of it support to u.s. special operations forces in our information systems and technology group.
financing activities we used $2.2 billion in 2016, $4.4 billion in 2015 and $3.7 billion in 2014 for financing activities. our financing activities include repurchases of common stock, payment of dividends and debt repayments. net cash from financing activities also includes proceeds received from debt issuances and employee stock option exercises.
debt issuances and repayments. in 2016, we repaid $500 of fixed-rate notes on their maturity date with cash on hand and issued $1 billion of fixed-rate notes for general corporate purposes. in 2015, we repaid $500 of fixed-rate notes on their scheduled maturity date with the proceeds from maturing marketable securities.
we have no additional material repayments of long-term debt scheduled until $900 of fixed-rate notes mature in november 2017. as we approach the maturity date of this debt, we will determine whether to repay these notes with cash on hand or refinance the obligation. see note j to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information regarding our debt obligations, including scheduled debt maturities and interest rates.
we ended 2016 with no commercial paper outstanding. we have $2 billion in bank credit facilities that remain available, including a $1 billion facility expiring in july 2018 and a $1 billion facility expiring in november 2020. these facilities are for general corporate purposes and working capital needs and are required by credit rating agencies to support our commercial paper issuances. we also have an effective shelf registration on file with the securities and exchange commission that allows us to access the debt markets.
these areas. while we believe these metrics provide useful information, they are not defined operating measures under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), and there are limitations associated with their use. our calculation of these metrics may not be completely comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in the method of calculation. as a result, the use of these metrics should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, other gaap measures.
free cash flow. we define free cash flow from operations as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. we believe free cash flow from operations is a useful measure for investors because it portrays our ability to generate cash from our businesses for purposes such as repaying maturing debt, funding business acquisitions, repurchasing our common stock and paying dividends. we use free cash flow from operations to assess the quality of our earnings and as a key performance measure in evaluating management. the following table reconciles the free cash flow from operations with net cash provided by operating activities, as classified on the consolidated statement of cash flows:
net cash provided by operating activities                              $2,198              $2,607              $3,828              $3,159              $2,645
capital expenditures                                                     (392   )            (569   )            (521   )            (436   )            (436   )
net cash provided by operating activities                                  72   %              88   %             143   %             127   %             nm*
as discussed previously, the decrease in free cash flow from operations in 2016 and 2015 is due primarily to growth in operating working capital in our aerospace and combat systems groups.
return on invested capital. we believe roic is a useful measure for investors because it reflects our ability to generate returns from the capital we have deployed in our operations. we use roic to evaluate investment decisions and as a performance measure in evaluating management. we define roic as net operating profit after taxes divided by average invested capital. net operating profit after taxes is defined as earnings from continuing operations plus after-tax interest and amortization expense. average invested capital is defined as the sum of the average debt and shareholders' equity for the year. roic excludes accumulated other comprehensive loss, goodwill impairments and non-economic accounting changes as they are not reflective of our operating performance.
net operating profit after taxes         $3,183              $3,104              $2,819              $2,646              $1,662
average invested capital                $17,619             $17,858             $18,673             $18,741             $19,887
return on invested capital                 18.1   %            17.4   %            15.1   %            14.1   %             8.4   %
* 2012 loss from continuing operations of ($381) has been adjusted for a $2 billion goodwill impairment and associated $199 tax benefit. 2012 shareholders' equity, a component of average invested capital, has been similarly adjusted.
additional financial information off-balance sheet arrangements on december 31, 2016, other than operating leases, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following tables present information about our contractual obligations and commercial commitments on december 31, 2016:
payments due by period contractual obligations                total amount committed            less than 1 year             1-3 years             4-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt (a)                           $4,791                          $991                    $162                  $661                    $2,977
capital lease obligations                        30                             2                       5                     4                        19
other long-term liabilities (c)              18,169                         3,004                   2,287                 1,783                    11,095
(a)includes scheduled interest payments. see note j to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of long-term debt.
(b)includes amounts committed under legally enforceable agreements for goods and services with defined terms as to quantity, price and timing of delivery. this amount includes $16.3 billion of purchase obligations for products and services to be delivered under firm government contracts under which we would expect full recourse under normal contract termination clauses.
(c)represents other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, including the current portion of these liabilities. the projected timing of cash flows associated with these obligations is based on management's estimates, which are based largely on historical experience. this amount also includes all liabilities under our defined-benefit retirement plans. see note p to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information regarding these liabilities and the plan assets available to satisfy them.
amount of commitment expiration by period commercial commitments              total amount committed        less than 1 year                   1-3 years              4-5 years        more than 5 years letters of credit and guarantees*   $1,044                        $560                              $257                    $68              $159
* see note n to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of letters of credit.
application of critical accounting policies management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including most pervasively those related to various assumptions and projections for our long-term contracts and programs. other significant estimates include those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, income taxes, pension and other post-retirement benefits, workers' compensation, warranty obligations and litigation and other contingencies. we employ judgment in making our estimates but they are based on historical experience, currently available information and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. the results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
in our opinion, the following policies are critical and require the use of significant judgment in their application:
revenue recognition we account for revenue and earnings using the percentage-of-completion method. under this method, we recognize contract costs and revenue as the work progresses, either as the products are produced or as services are rendered. we determine progress using either input measures (e.g., costs incurred) or output measures (e.g., contract milestones or units delivered), as appropriate to the circumstances. an input measure is used in most cases unless an output measure is identified that is reliably determinable and representative of progress toward completion. we estimate the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and expected costs to complete a contract and recognize that profit over the life of the contract. if at any time the estimate of contract profitability indicates an anticipated loss on the contract, we recognize the loss in the quarter it is identified.
we generally measure progress toward completion on contracts in our defense business based on the proportion of costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion. for our contracts for the manufacture of business-jet aircraft, we record revenue at two contractual milestones: when green aircraft are completed and accepted by the customer and when the customer accepts final delivery of the fully outfitted aircraft. we do not recognize revenue at green delivery unless (1) a contract has been executed with the customer and (2) the customer can be expected to satisfy its obligations under the contract, as evidenced by the receipt of deposits from the customer and other factors.
accounting for long-term contracts and programs involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that often span several years. these assumptions include labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the work to be performed, the cost and availability of materials, the performance of subcontractors, and the availability and timing of funding from the customer. we include in our contract estimates additional revenue for submitted contract modifications or claims against the customer when the amount can be estimated reliably and its realization is probable. in evaluating these criteria, we consider the contractual/legal basis for the claim, the cause of any additional costs incurred, the reasonableness of those costs and the objective evidence available to support the claim. we include award or incentive fees in the estimated contract value when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the fee. estimates of award or incentive fees are based on historical award experience and anticipated performance. these estimates are based on our best judgment at the time. as a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, we review and update our contract-related estimates regularly.
we recognize adjustments in estimated profit on contracts under the reallocation method. under the reallocation method, the impact of an adjustment in estimate is recognized prospectively over the remaining contract term. the net impact of adjustments in contract estimates on our operating earnings (and on a diluted per-share basis) totaled favorable adjustments of $246 ($0.52) in 2016, $222 ($0.44) in 2015 and $184 ($0.35) in 2014. no adjustment on any one contract was material to our consolidated financial statements in 2016, 2015 or 2014.
consistent with industry practice, we classify assets and liabilities related to long-term contracts as current, even though some of these amounts may not be realized within one year. all contracts are reported on the consolidated balance sheet in a net asset (contracts in process) or liability (customer advances and
deposits) position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. our u.s. government customer generally asserts title to, or a security interest in, inventoried costs related to such contracts as a result of advances and progress payments. we reflect these advances and progress payments as an offset to the related inventoried costs.
change in revenue recognition standard (adoption of asc topic 606). we adopted asc topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers, on january 1, 2017. the standard outlines a five-step model whereby revenue is recognized as performance obligations within a contract are satisfied. the standard also requires new, expanded disclosures regarding revenue recognition. we adopted the new standard using the retrospective transition method.
implementation plan. because the new standard impacted our business processes, systems and controls, we developed a comprehensive change management project plan to guide the implementation, which commenced in 2014. this project plan included analyzing the standard's impact on our contract portfolio, comparing our historical accounting policies and practices to the requirements of the new standard, and identifying differences from applying the requirements of the new standard to our contracts. we developed internal controls to ensure that we adequately evaluated our portfolio of contracts under the five-step model to ensure proper assessment of our operating results under asc topic 606. we reported on the progress of the implementation to the audit committee and the board of directors on a regular basis during the project's duration.
asc topic 606 impacts. the majority of our long-term contracts will continue to recognize revenue and earnings over time as the work progresses because of the continuous transfer of control to the customer, generally using an input measure (e.g., costs incurred) to reflect progress. the adoption of asc topic 606 will have two primary impacts on our portfolio of contracts and our consolidated financial statements. we will be precluded from using the reallocation method of recognizing adjustments in estimated profit on contracts. the total impact of an adjustment in estimated profit recorded to date on a contract will be recognized in the period it is identified (cumulative catch-up method), rather than recognizing the impact of an adjustment prospectively over the remaining contract term. as a result, adjustments in contract estimates may be larger and likely more variable from period to period, particularly on our contracts of greater value and with a longer performance period (for example, in our marine systems group). despite this variability, a contract's cash flows and overall profitability at completion are the same under the cumulative catch-up method and the reallocation method. anticipated losses on contracts will continue to be recognized in the quarter they are identified.
for our contracts for the manufacture of business-jet aircraft in the aerospace group, we will record revenue under asc topic 606 at a single point in time when control is transferred to the customer, generally when the customer accepts the fully outfitted aircraft. asc topic 606 will not change the total revenue or operating earnings recognized for each aircraft, only the timing of when those amounts are recognized. prior to the adoption of asc topic 606, we recorded revenue for these contracts at two contractual milestones: when green aircraft were completed and accepted by the customer and when the customer accepted final delivery of the fully outfitted aircraft.
numerous other contracts in our portfolio were impacted by asc topic 606, due primarily to the identification of multiple performance obligations within a single contract.
on our consolidated balance sheet, long-term contracts will continue to be reported in a net contract asset (contracts in process) or contract liability (customer advances and deposits) position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. business-jet components in our aerospace group will be reported in inventory until control of the aircraft transfers to the customer. the assessment of our
see note s to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information regarding our adoption of asc topic 606.
long-lived assets and goodwill we review long-lived assets, including intangible assets subject to amortization, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. we assess the recoverability of the carrying value of assets held for use based on a review of undiscounted projected cash flows. impairment losses, where identified, are measured as the excess of the carrying value of the long-lived asset over its estimated fair value.
goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. goodwill is not amortized but is subject to an impairment test on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate that an impairment is more likely than not. such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. the test for goodwill impairment is a two-step process that requires a significant level of estimation and use of judgment by management, particularly the estimate of the fair value of our reporting units. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units based primarily on the discounted projected cash flows of the underlying operations. this requires numerous assumptions, including the timing of work embedded in our backlog, our performance and profitability under our contracts, our success in securing future business, the appropriate risk-adjusted interest rate used to discount the projected cash flows, and terminal value growth and earnings rates applied to the final year of projected cash flows. due to the variables inherent in our estimates of fair value, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the result of our impairment analysis. to assess the reasonableness of our discounted projected cash flows, we compare the sum of our reporting units' fair value to our market capitalization and calculate an implied control premium (the excess of the sum of the reporting units' fair values over the market capitalization). additionally, we evaluate the reasonableness of each reporting unit's fair value by comparing the fair value to comparable peer companies and recent comparable market transactions.
we completed the required annual goodwill impairment test as of december 31, 2016. the first step of the goodwill impairment test compares the fair values of our reporting units to their carrying values. our reporting units are consistent with our business groups. the estimated fair values for each of our reporting units were in excess of their respective carrying values as of december 31, 2016.
commitments and contingencies we are subject to litigation and other legal proceedings arising either from the ordinary course of our business or under provisions relating to the protection of the environment. estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires the use of judgment. we record a charge against earnings when a liability associated with claims or pending or threatened litigation is probable and when our exposure is reasonably estimable. the ultimate resolution of our exposure related to these matters may change as further facts and circumstances become known.
deferred contract costs certain costs incurred in the performance of our government contracts are recorded under gaap but are not allocable currently to contracts. such costs include a portion of our estimated workers' compensation obligations, other insurance-related assessments, pension and other post-retirement benefits, and environmental expenses. these costs will become allocable to contracts generally after they are paid. we
have elected to defer, or inventory, these costs in contracts in process until they can be allocated to contracts. we expect to recover these costs through ongoing business, including existing backlog and probable follow-on contracts. we regularly assess the probability of recovery of these costs. this assessment requires that we make assumptions about future contract costs, the extent of cost recovery under our contracts and the amount of future contract activity. these estimates are based on our best judgment. if the backlog in the future does not support the continued deferral of these costs, the profitability of our remaining contracts could be adversely affected.
retirement plans our defined-benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit costs and obligations depend on several assumptions and estimates. the key assumptions include interest rates used to discount estimated future liabilities and projected long-term rates of return on plan assets. we base the discount rates on a current yield curve developed from a portfolio of high-quality, fixed-income investments with maturities consistent with the projected benefit payout period. beginning in 2016, we refined the method used to determine the service and interest cost components of our net periodic benefit cost. previously, the cost was determined using a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve described above. under the refined method, known as the spot rate approach, we use individual spot rates along the yield curve that correspond with the timing of each service cost and discounted benefit obligation payment. we believe this change provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected service cost and discounted benefit obligation cash outflows and corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. compared to the previous method, the spot rate approach decreased the service and interest components of our benefit costs slightly in 2016. we accounted for this change prospectively as a change in accounting estimate.
we determine the long-term rate of return on assets based on consideration of historical and forward-looking returns and the current and expected asset allocation strategy. following an assessment of the long-term returns of our various asset classes, we will alter the expected long-term rate of return on assets in our primary u.s. government and commercial pension plans by 75 basis points beginning in 2017, decreasing the weighted average expected long-term rate of return to approximately 7.4 percent. this decrease is not expected to have a material impact on our 2017 benefit costs.
in 2016, we adopted an updated mortality improvement scale published by the society of actuaries that reflects a slower average rate of improvement in mortality than in previous years. additionally, we updated other assumptions to better align them with historical experience and anticipated future experience, including rates of retirement and cost of living increases. the impact of these changes was a net decrease of $247 and $14 in the benefit obligations of our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, respectively, on december 31, 2016.
these retirement plan estimates are based on our best judgment, including consideration of current and future market conditions. in the event any of the assumptions change, pension and other post-retirement benefit cost could increase or decrease. for further discussion, including the impact of hypothetical changes in the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, see note p to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
as discussed under deferred contract costs, our contractual arrangements with the u.s. government provide for the recovery of benefit costs for our government retirement plans. we have elected to defer recognition of the benefit costs until such costs can be allocated to contracts. therefore, the impact of annual changes in financial reporting assumptions on the retirement benefit cost for these plans does not immediately affect our operating results.
accounting standards updates see note a to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information regarding accounting standards we adopted in 2016 and other new accounting standards that have been issued by the fasb but are not effective until after december 31, 2016.