This annual report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements that reflect management's current expectations and are inherently uncertain. The current global economic climate amplifies many risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. We seek to increase unit sales across our stores through improved customer experience, including lowering prices, improving availability, and offering faster delivery. Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows driven primarily by increasing operating income and efficiently managing working capital. We believe that advances in technology will continue to improve the consumer experience and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. Our technology and content investments support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas, including AWS and expansion of new and existing product categories, to enhance the customer experience and improve process efficiencies. We also expect variability in inventory turnover over time, which is affected by numerous factors, including our continuing focus on in-stock inventory availability and selection of product offerings. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from customers, offset by cash payments for products and services, employee compensation, and payment processing costs. We regularly evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, and consider acquisitions or investments in complementary businesses. Our liquidity is affected by restricted cash balances and the need to manage our global taxes on a cash basis. We believe that cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next 12 months. However, any projections of future cash needs and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, and costs necessary to run AWS. We also expect our cost of shipping to continue to increase, and we seek to mitigate these costs over time through higher sales volumes and better operating efficiencies. The increase in operating income in absolute dollars is primarily due to increased unit sales and slower growth in certain operating expenses. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from tax controversies to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. We have identified critical accounting policies that are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations. We believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, but actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different conditions. Our financial reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, and changes in foreign exchange rates significantly affect our reported results. We believe that our increasing diversification beyond the U.S. economy through our growing international businesses benefits our shareholders over the long term. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes.