Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Generally, we consider catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million (pre-tax) from a current year event as significant. We incurred estimated pre-tax losses of approximately $1.6 billion in 2018 and $3.0 billion in 2017 from significant catastrophe events. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our insurance businesses possess two distinct activities—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO, Warren E. Buffett, and Berkshire's corporate investment managers. We consider investment income as a component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating, based on our long-held philosophy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group (BHRG), and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. We engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life, and health risks. In primary insurance activities, we assume defined portions of the risks of loss from persons or organizations that are directly subject to the risks. In reinsurance activities, we assume defined portions of similar or dissimilar risks that other insurers or reinsurers have subjected themselves to in their own insuring activities. Our utilities and energy businesses produced higher after-tax earnings in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to a lower overall effective income tax rate and the effects of losses incurred in 2017 in connection with the prepayment of certain long-term debt, partially offset by lower pre-tax earnings in certain of the regulated utilities. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to such investments. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a strong capital base. Our combined insurance operations generated pre-tax underwriting earnings of approximately $2.0 billion in 2018, and consequently, the average cost of float for the period was negative. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from certain businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. We strive to generate pre-tax underwriting profits. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are exposed to significant volatility due to the nature of the risks we underwrite and the catastrophic events that can impact our operations. The relative impact of reporting delays on the reinsurer may vary depending on the type of coverage, contractual reporting terms, and the magnitude of the claim relative to the attachment point of the reinsurance coverage. We continuously evaluate our underwriting practices and risk management strategies to enhance our resilience in the face of adverse conditions.