We are a global leader in customer relationship management technology that enables companies to improve their relationships and interactions with customers. Our core mission is to empower our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies. We are committed to a sustainable, low-carbon future, advancing equality and diversity, and fostering employee success. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include our prospective customers' willingness to migrate to enterprise cloud computing services, our ability to maintain a balanced portfolio of products and customers, and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, the hiring of additional personnel, and the continued development of our brands. We expect to continue to make investments and acquisitions in the future and plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. We drive innovation organically and through acquisitions, and we have a disciplined acquisition process where we routinely survey the industry landscape. Our attrition rate was less than ten percent, and we expect it to remain consistent as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. We have increased our headcount to meet the higher demand for services from our customers and to facilitate the adoption of our services. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new and improved technologies. We continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. Our working capital may be impacted by factors in future periods such as billings to customers for subscriptions and support services, and the subsequent collection of those billings. We have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity, and enhance our security measures. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in absolute dollars and remain consistent as a percentage of total revenues in future periods as a result of continued office build-outs and other leasehold improvements. We are committed to creating a sustainable, low-carbon future by delivering a carbon-neutral cloud, operating as a net-zero greenhouse gas emissions company, and by working to achieve our goal of 100 percent renewable energy for our global operations. We have significantly increased the diversity of our board over the past five years, including with respect to gender and race. Our employees are engaged in and actively support our commitment to equality and enhancing our culture. We have given approximately $260 million to charitable organizations and logged more than 3.8 million employee volunteer hours around the world. We believe the business of business is improving the state of the world for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, customers, partners, employees, community, environment, and society.