Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition indicates that our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on molecules currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. We believe cash provided by operating activities, along with available cash and cash equivalents, should be sufficient to fund our normal operating needs, including installment payments of the toll tax, dividends paid to shareholders, share repurchases, and capital expenditures. We continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of health care legislation; and various international government funding levels. We seek to address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. Our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. We also face foreign currency exchange exposures when we enter into transactions arising from subsidiary trade and loan payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies. We may enter into foreign currency forward or option derivative contracts to reduce the effect of fluctuating currency exchange rates. The impact of the Venezuelan financial crisis, including the significant deterioration of the bolívar, resulted in a charge of $203.9 million in 2016. We expect that the decline in revenue will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. Our formulation patents for Forteo expired in December 2018 and use patents will expire in August 2019 in major European markets and the U.S. We expect a rapid and severe decline in revenue in the U.S. as a result of generic competition when the U.S. patents expire. We recognize acquired in-process research and development charges primarily related to business development activity, which reflects our strategic initiatives to bolster our pipeline and enhance shareholder value. We continue to evaluate business development transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business. We expect that additional charges may be recorded in the future, but any additional charges are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our future consolidated results of operations. The entry of generic competition for these products has caused a rapid and severe decline in revenue, which has had a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. We recognize asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges associated with efforts to reduce our cost structure, including the U.S. voluntary early retirement program, asset impairments related to lower projected revenue, and other special charges related to product rationalizations and site closures. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical to maintaining our operational continuity and organizational resilience.