We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers. Our business strategy includes routine discussions, evaluations of targets, and agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments. We have ongoing programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described. The operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. The cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described. Our net sales are primarily derived from long-term contracts for products and services provided to the U.S. government as well as foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. government. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. The majority of our sales are driven by pricing based on costs incurred to produce products or perform services under contracts with the U.S. government. We continually evaluate the recoverability of our environmental receivables by assessing, among other factors, U.S. government regulations, our U.S. government business base and contract mix, our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs, and recent efforts by some U.S. government representatives to limit such reimbursement. We have recorded receivables for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery in pricing of our products and services for agencies of the U.S. government. We project costs and recovery of costs over approximately 20 years. We enter into agreements that document the extent and timing of some of our environmental remediation obligations. We also are involved in environmental remediation activities at sites where formal agreements either do not exist or do not quantify the extent and timing of our obligations. We perform quarterly reviews of environmental remediation sites and record liabilities and receivables in the period it becomes probable that a liability has been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. We expect to continue to issue commercial paper backed by our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility to manage the timing of cash flows. We also have additional access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes, and letters of credit to support customer advance payments and for other trade finance purposes such as guaranteeing our performance on particular contracts.