Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, and the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. Many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. We expect our revenue to fluctuate quarterly and to be higher in the second and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. We have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, retail stores, and certain equipment. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our financial results reflect the adoption of new accounting standards for revenue recognition and leases, which had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. The concept of resilience draws attention to systems as well as individuals, to partial maintenance of integrity and performance, to the opposite of brittleness, and to disturbances that vary both in scale and source. We develop a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. Our organizational practices and strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our resilience capabilities, ensuring that we can confront and benefit from sudden disruptive changes to survive, grow, and flourish.