We begin management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. Our applications, platform, and infrastructure offerings are delivered to customers worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models, including cloud-based, on-premise, or hybrid, which enable customer choice and flexibility. Providing choice and flexibility to our customers as to when and how they deploy our applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies is an important element of our corporate strategy. In recent periods, customer demand has increased for our Oracle cloud services. To address customer demand and enable customer choice, we have introduced certain programs for customers to pivot their applications, platform, and infrastructure licenses and license support to the Oracle cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the Oracle cloud for their existing workloads. We expect these trends to continue. Our cloud services revenues growth and our cloud license and on-premise license revenues growth are affected by the strength of general economic and business conditions, governmental budgetary constraints, the strategy for and competitive position of our offerings, our acquisitions, our ability to deliver and renew our cloud services contracts with our existing customers, and foreign currency rate fluctuations. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies in furtherance of our corporate strategy. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies. We believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on Oracle technologies, extensive experience, and broad sets of intellectual property and best practices. We continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because, in our judgment, they are essential to maintaining our competitive position. Our cloud and license business engages in the sale, marketing, and delivery of our applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies through various deployment models, including license support offerings and Oracle cloud services offerings. The increases in our constant currency cloud services and license support revenues during fiscal 2018 were primarily due to the purchase and renewal of our cloud-based services and license support services, and due to contributions from our recent acquisitions. In constant currency, total cloud and license expenses increased in fiscal 2018 primarily due to higher cloud services and license support expenses and higher sales and marketing expenses, both of which increased primarily due to higher employee-related expenses from higher headcount. The majority of our hardware products are sold through indirect channels, including independent distributors and value-added resellers. Our hardware support offerings provide customers with unspecified software updates for software components that are essential to the functionality of our hardware products and associated software. The continuity of substantially all of our license support customer contract base renewing their license support contracts and substantially all customers continuing to purchase license support contracts in connection with their purchase of a new license is critical to our growth. We assess whether fees are fixed or determinable at the time of sale and recognize revenues if all other revenue recognition requirements are met. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements.