Our platform uses an innovative traffic classification engine that identifies network traffic by application, user, and content and provides consistent security across the network, endpoint, and cloud, enabling our end-customers to pursue transformative digital initiatives that grow their business while maintaining the visibility and control needed to protect their valued data and critical control systems. We believe the architecture of our platform offers superior performance compared to legacy approaches and reduces the total cost of ownership for organizations by simplifying their security operations and infrastructure. We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our platform, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing subscription and support contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for subscription and support offerings. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We expect to continue such activities as our business grows. Our operating activities have consisted of net losses adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on various factors, including the introduction of new products, manufacturing costs, and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether an accrual is required, an accrual should be adjusted, or a range of possible loss should be disclosed. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, and the continuing market acceptance of our products and subscription and support offerings.