Our strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including shifting consumer preferences and behaviors; a highly competitive operating environment; a rapidly changing retail landscape, including the growth in e-commerce; continued macroeconomic and political volatility; and an evolving regulatory landscape. We continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth. During 2018 and 2017, certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold operated in a challenging environment, experiencing unstable economic, political and social conditions, civil unrest, natural disasters, debt and credit issues, and currency fluctuations. We continue to monitor existing and proposed taxes and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such taxes, regulations or limitations, including advocating alternative measures with respect to the imposition, form and scope of any such taxes, regulations or limitations. Our risk management framework involves identifying, assessing, prioritizing, addressing, managing, monitoring and communicating these risks across the company's operations. The Pepsico Risk Committee, which is comprised of a cross-functional, geographically diverse, senior management group, meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. The board of directors has oversight responsibility for Pepsico's integrated risk management framework, including risk assessment and risk mitigation of the company's top risks. We leverage an integrated risk management framework to manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. Ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-saving opportunities or efficiencies. We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions. We manage this risk through sourcing purchases from local suppliers, negotiating contracts in local currencies with foreign suppliers and through the use of derivatives. Our operations outside of the United States generated 43% of our consolidated net revenue in 2018, with Mexico, Russia, Canada, the United Kingdom and Brazil comprising approximately 20% of our consolidated net revenue in 2018. We are also exposed to foreign exchange risk from net investments in foreign subsidiaries, foreign currency purchases and foreign currency assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business. We manage this risk through the use of derivatives, primarily forward contracts with terms of no more than two years. Our interest rate derivatives had a total notional value of $10.5 billion as of December 29, 2018. We expect to continue to return free cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining tier 1 commercial paper access, which we believe will facilitate appropriate financial flexibility and ready access to global capital and credit markets at favorable interest rates. We regularly evaluate different productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plans and other initiatives discussed above. Our commitment encompasses maintaining strong controls over financial reporting and providing timely, accurate and understandable information to investors. Our system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are executed as authorized and accurately recorded, safeguarding assets and permitting the preparation of financial statements that conform in all material respects with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.