The objectives of our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are to provide users of our consolidated financial statements with a narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect future results. Our un-carrier strategy has disrupted the wireless communication services industry by listening to our customers and providing them with added value and an exceptional experience, including implementing signature initiatives that changed the wireless industry forever. Our ability to acquire and retain branded customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues, and we believe our un-carrier strategy, along with ongoing network improvements, has been successful in attracting and retaining customers as evidenced by continued branded customer growth and improved branded postpaid phone and branded prepaid customer churn. We expect to receive regulatory approval for the proposed merger with Sprint, which is anticipated to enable rapid launch of a nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, and increase competition in the U.S. wireless, video, and broadband industries. During 2018, we recognized costs related to hurricanes, including incremental costs to maintain services primarily in Puerto Rico, and received reimbursement payments from our insurance carriers related to these hurricanes. Our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2018 increased primarily due to growth in service and equipment revenues, driven by the continued growth in existing and greenfield markets, including the growing success of new customer segments and rate plans. Our operating income for the year ended December 31, 2018 included positive impacts from the adoption of the new revenue standard and from insurance reimbursements related to hurricanes, net of costs incurred. We have maintained a focus on managing customer quality, which has contributed to lower churn rates and improved customer satisfaction and loyalty. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, including the build-out of 600 MHz low-band spectrum licenses. We expect cash purchases of property and equipment to be significant in 2019 as we continue our network transformation. We have entered into uncommitted capital lease facilities with certain partners, which provide us with the ability to enter into capital leases for network equipment and services. The financial condition and results of operations of our non-guarantor subsidiaries were impacted by higher service revenues primarily due to an increase in activity of the non-guarantor subsidiary that provides device insurance, driven by growth in our customer base. Our assessment of collectibility considers whether we may limit our exposure to credit risk through our right to stop transferring additional service in the event the customer is delinquent, as well as certain contract terms that reduce our exposure to credit risk. We regularly review and update our projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors, which could impact our future liquidity. The merger is subject to regulatory approvals and certain other customary closing conditions, and we believe that our principal sources of funding will be sufficient to meet our anticipated liquidity needs for business operations for the next 12 months as well as our longer-term liquidity needs.