Our goal is to produce the world's highest quality vehicles as quickly and as cost-effectively as possible with a priority on workplace health and safety. We believe that the unique features of our vehicles, the safety aspects of each of our vehicles, our constant innovation, and our growing brand will continue to generate incremental demand for our vehicles. We also believe that we have an advantage over our competitors with respect to our battery and powertrain technology, as our vehicles' epa-rated range per kwh is expected to be superior to that of other electric vehicles to be introduced in the near term. We expect to see increased demand with the introduction of less expensive variants and additional financing options. We are producing variants in accordance with the demand that we expect for them; however, we have finite production capabilities with long lead times associated with procuring certain parts. We may also be impacted by trade policies, political uncertainty, and economic cycles involving geographic regions where we have significant operations. The worldwide automotive markets for alternative fuel vehicles and self-driving technology are highly competitive, and we expect them to become even more so. As sales of Tesla vehicles ramp further, we plan to continue to open new Tesla retail locations, service centers, and body shops around the world, and we plan to continue to expand our mobile service fleet. We are also making progress with our self-driving technology, as well as the autopilot features in our vehicles. Our neural net and functionality continue to improve, and we frequently release minor software updates. We expect our energy storage products to continue to experience significant growth, and we are targeting to more than double our deployments. We see opportunities in North America as well as in Australia and Europe, where energy storage coupled with solar generation may mitigate typically higher electricity rates, as well as for projects to increase energy grid reliability. We believe that the efficiencies of local production will allow us to offer our products at a lower average selling price in the largest market for electric vehicles in the world. We expect to build a production process that is optimized and simplified for model 3 production at gigafactory shanghai. Our ultimate ability to achieve increased production cost-effectively will require us to resolve challenges typical of a production ramp. We continue to resolve such issues as they arise, but it is possible that future events could result in the cost of building and operating gigafactory 1 exceeding our current expectations. We are also continuing to expand production capacity at our existing facilities and construct our planned facilities, continually exploring additional production capacity internationally. We expect our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months. We may need or want to raise additional funds in the future, and these funds may not be available to us when we need or want them, or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need or want them, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected. We are continually evaluating our capital expenditure needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital to fund the rapid growth of our business. We expect that much of our investment in gigafactory shanghai will be funded through indebtedness arranged through local financial institutions in China.