We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. This strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our business model puts us in a unique class of companies with the ability to grow, generate cash and return that cash to shareholders. We will continue to be disciplined with our operating plan and expenses, while focusing on long-term investments to strengthen our competitive advantages. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. The breadth of our portfolio means we can meet more of these needs than our competitors can, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to sell more products and generate more revenue per customer system. Together, the attributes above result in diverse and long-lived positions that deliver high terminal value to our shareholders. Because of the breadth of our portfolio, we are not dependent on any single product, customer, technology or market. Our strategy is to return all free cash flow to shareholders. Our dividends represented 42 percent of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. We focus on analog and embedded processing, with an emphasis on the industrial and automotive markets, because these products serve highly diverse markets with thousands of applications and have long-term growth opportunities. Our cash flow from operations underscored the strength of our business model. The combined effect of these sustainable competitive advantages is that over time we have gained market share in analog and embedded processing and have grown free cash flow. We have focused on creating a competitive manufacturing cost advantage by investing in our advanced analog 300-millimeter capacity. Our strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers. Our business model is designed around the following four sustainable competitive advantages that we believe, in combination, put us in a unique class of companies. We have continued to perform well even as the year ended with a semiconductor market slowdown. Our liquidity and capital resources include cash flow from operations, cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and a variable rate, revolving credit facility. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is important for maximizing shareholder value over the long term. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations, which is critical for maintaining operational continuity and resilience in the face of market fluctuations.