Amgen's approach to and investment in human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing, and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative medicines. Our compensation, benefits, and development programs are designed to encourage performance, promote accountability and adherence to company values, and align with the interests of the company's shareholders. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. Macroeconomic and other challenges, including uncertain macroeconomic conditions, rising healthcare costs, and ongoing geopolitical conflicts, continue to pose challenges to our business. We are continuously monitoring the possible impacts from health-related events, including changes from new COVID-19 variants; we are working to mitigate effects on future study enrollment in our clinical trials. Our product sales were affected by reduced demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the cumulative decrease in diagnoses over the course of the pandemic suppressed the volume of new patients starting treatment, which continues to impact the business. Given the unpredictable nature of future virus surges, there could be similar intermittent disruptions in the future in physician-patient interactions. We remain focused on supporting our active clinical sites in their providing care for patients and in our providing investigational drug supply. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, and we regularly set targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements. We achieved our targets for the 2013-2020 period while growing revenues, increasing production capacity, and expanding to approximately 100 countries over the same period. To continue on our path to greater environmental sustainability, we announced a new set of long-term environmental targets to achieve by 2027, including achieving carbon neutrality, reducing water consumption by 40%, and reducing waste disposed by 75%. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We completed our acquisition of Horizon, advanced our innovative pipeline, and generated strong volume growth across our product portfolio and regions while maintaining a strategic and disciplined approach to capital allocation. We expect that net selling prices will continue to decline at a portfolio level driven by increased competition. Uncertain macroeconomic conditions, changes in the healthcare ecosystem, and geopolitical conflicts have the potential to introduce variability into product sales. We believe our existing funds, cash generated from operations, and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditure, and debt service requirements as well as our plans to reduce debt, pay dividends, and repurchase stock. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets.