In 2023, our business has been impacted by global supply chain disruptions which improved compared to 2022; however, challenges still exist, including increases in cost and limited availability of certain raw materials, components, and other inputs necessary to manufacture and distribute our products due to constraints and inflation within the global supply chain. Uncertainty around inflationary pressures, interest rates, monetary policy, and changes in tax laws could potentially exacerbate existing economic challenges, negatively impacting our business operations and results. Existing and future potential geopolitical dynamics may create economic, supply chain, energy, and other challenges, including disruptions to business operations. We have reorganized our operational structure and aggregated our core businesses to drive operational efficiencies and resiliency. The 2023 restructuring plan will advance our global supply chain optimization strategy, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network and drive operational efficiencies. Key activities under this plan will include optimizing certain functional capabilities to achieve cost synergies and better support business growth. We expect limited role reductions as a result of these restructuring activities, with our overall employee base remaining relatively unchanged upon completion of the plan as new jobs are created in areas of growth and resources are deployed to support an expanding portfolio and growing global market needs. Our commitment to advancing medical technologies is reflected in our increased research and development expenses, which are aimed at maintaining a pipeline of new products that we believe will contribute to profitable sales growth. We continue to assess our list of emerging markets countries to drive global expansion and grow net sales and market share. Our emerging markets' net sales grew significantly, driven by growth in China, fueled by the breadth of our portfolio and focus on innovation and strong commercial execution. We have incurred cumulative expenses related to the implementation of the EU MDR, which represents a significant change to the regulatory framework, and we expect to incur total expenses over the transition period. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements, and we believe it is effective at a reasonable assurance level. We are also focused on sustainability practices, aligning with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, and have set a goal of carbon neutrality for scope 1 and scope 2 carbon emissions in our manufacturing and key distribution sites by 2030. Our global ESG vision and strategy are led by our ESG executive steering committee, which works closely with subject matter experts to implement practices that address issues related to health inequity, economic disparity, climate change, and environmental protection. The implementation of our strategies and initiatives reflects our commitment to organizational resilience, enabling us to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain operational continuity while pursuing growth opportunities.