In fiscal 2023, we delivered strong results with growth in revenue and profitability, focusing on delivering innovation across our technologies to assist customers in executing their digital transformations. We took multiple actions to mitigate component shortages and address supply constraints seen industry-wide, which resulted in significant increased costs that had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our product gross margin. The mitigating actions included partnering with key suppliers, utilizing volume purchasing ability, extending supply coverage, modifying product designs, and optimizing inventory build and customer delivery plans. These actions have helped us to optimize access to critical components and meet customer demand despite the challenges posed by supply constraints. We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio and believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities, even while operating in a challenging macroeconomic and highly competitive environment. Total revenue increased by 11% compared with fiscal 2022, driven by a 13% increase in product revenue and a 2% increase in service revenue. We experienced product revenue growth across each of our customer markets, with total product revenue increasing 13% year over year. However, we also saw a decline in product demand, attributed to customers absorbing recently shipped products and adjusting to significant reductions in product lead times amid macroeconomic conditions. Our strategy is to securely connect everything, driving a trusted customer experience through innovation, solutions, choice, and people. We continue to invest in research and development to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion, and if we believe we cannot enter a market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses or partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. Our operational management strategies include maintaining supply chain flexibility to ensure competitive lead times while managing the risk of inventory obsolescence due to rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. We believe the amount of our inventory and inventory purchase commitments is appropriate for our current and expected customer demand and revenue levels. Our ongoing evaluation of exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of liability for purchase commitments is critical to our operational resilience. We expect increased payments related to inventory and other supply-related payments through at least the next 12 months, and we believe our strong cash and cash equivalents position allows us to use our resources for strategic investments, customer financing activities, and working capital needs. Our liquidity and capital resource requirements are supported by cash generated from operations, access to capital markets, and committed credit lines, which we believe will satisfy our liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months.