The continuing evolution of the online world has contributed to the growth of our business and our revenues since inception. We expect that this evolution will continue to benefit our business and our revenues, although at a slower pace than we have experienced historically. As users continue to access our products and services using diverse devices and modalities, we are focused on expanding our products and services to stay in front of these trends in order to maintain and grow our business. We continue to expand our product offerings to serve these changing needs, which may affect our monetization. Additionally, we continue to invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures, including significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings, improve our existing offerings, and rapidly and responsibly deploy AI across our businesses. We expect to increase our investment in our technical infrastructure to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives. We continue to face an evolving regulatory environment, and changes in social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions may require us to change our business practices to comply with evolving regulatory and legal matters. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. Our operating income benefited from a reduction in costs driven by the change in the estimated useful lives of our servers and certain network equipment. In January 2023, we announced a reduction of our workforce, and we recorded employee severance and related charges. We are taking actions to optimize our global office space, which includes exit charges. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in emerging markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our revenues from international markets continue to increase, and we continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to our users in these markets. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations, and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We assess the reasonableness of the useful lives of our property and equipment periodically, as changes in ongoing business operations or technological advancements could indicate a change in the period over which we expect to benefit from the assets. We evaluate uncertain tax positions periodically, considering changes in facts and circumstances, such as new regulations or recent judicial opinions. We are regularly subject to claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings, which could affect our business practices and financial results. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued.