We operate in a complex and evolving global security environment. Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the current needs of our customers and the future requirements of 21st-century security. The aim of 21st-century security is to integrate new and existing systems across all domains with advanced, open-architecture networking and operational technologies to make defense forces more agile, adaptive, and unpredictable. Key to enabling the success of our strategy is developing differentiating technologies, forging strategic partnerships, including with commercial companies, executing on our multi-year business transformation initiative to enhance our digital infrastructure and increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business, and maintaining fiscal discipline. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. We accomplish this in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses, investments, and ventures at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. Our business and financial performance are affected by general economic conditions. Supply chain disruptions persist, and we continue to experience supply chain challenges, including supplier shortages and performance issues, which have delayed certain customer deliveries and adversely impacted our performance and our financial results. We continue to work with the U.S. government and our supply chain to evaluate increases in capacity at certain of our operations to anticipate potential demand and enable us to deliver critical capabilities. We remain committed to our ongoing efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the cost competitiveness and affordability of our products and services, which may, in part, offset cost increases from inflation. We have multiple programs of record from each business segment that are entering growth stages. Our talent and culture underpin our ability to execute our strategy. We invest substantially in our people to ensure that our workforce has the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally in innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. Our operational flexibility is critical as we navigate complex situations and external pressures, including geopolitical issues and economic conditions. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and equity investments. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities. We expect to continue to look for opportunities to manage our pension liabilities through additional pension risk transfer transactions in future years. We also may explore the divestiture of businesses, investments, or ventures that no longer meet our needs or strategy or that could perform better outside of our organization or with a different owner. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our organizational resilience by addressing operational continuity and adapting to changing market conditions.