Persistent macroeconomic pressures impacted our DIY customer demand in fiscal 2023, particularly in bigger-ticket purchases. While DIY demand remains uncertain, we are committed to highlighting value and convenience, both in our stores and online, to a price-conscious consumer, while maintaining a balanced focus on profitability. Despite lumber deflation, we generated positive pro customer comparable sales for the year, supported by the investments we have made in our pro customer offerings. Our perpetual productivity improvement initiatives allowed us the flexibility to control costs and respond to changes in demand. Our omnichannel investments enabled improved technology capabilities across our stores, as well as an enhanced customer experience. The core demand drivers of our business that we track are disposable personal income, home price appreciation, and the age of the housing stock. Trends such as millennial household formation, elderly preference to age in place, and a persistence of remote work support the home improvement market, and we believe we are well-positioned to execute our strategic plan. Our focus will remain on making the right investments in our total home strategy while executing on our productivity improvement initiatives through the near-term market uncertainty to drive meaningful long-term shareholder value. Cash flows from operations, combined with our continued access to capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis, as needed, remain adequate to fund our operations, make strategic investments to support long-term growth, return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and repay debt maturities as they become due. We believe these sources of liquidity will continue to support our business for the next twelve months. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended February 2, 2024, compared to the year ended February 3, 2023, was primarily due to timing of income tax payments and lower net earnings adjusted for non-cash expenses, partially offset by other changes in working capital. We may adjust our capital expenditures, if necessary or appropriate, to support our operations, to enhance long-term strategic positioning, or in response to the economic environment. Our self-insured retention or deductible is limited to $2 million per occurrence involving workers' compensation, $10 million per occurrence involving general liability, product liability, and automobile liability. Our impairment evaluations require us to apply judgment in determining whether a triggering event has occurred, including the evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed or an asset will be otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. Our significant accounting policies affect the most significant estimates and management judgments used in preparing the consolidated financial statements. We have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our self-insurance liability during the past three fiscal years. Although we believe that we have the ability to reasonably estimate losses related to claims, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded self-insurance liabilities. Our operational flexibility and strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our ability to respond to environmental disruptions and maintain performance under pressure. We continue to monitor market conditions and adjust our strategies to mitigate risks associated with external disturbances, ensuring our organizational resilience in the face of adversity.