The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive, requiring us to continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. Our investments in cloud and AI infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We continue to identify and evaluate opportunities to expand our datacenter locations and increase our server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI services. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, and we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits. On January 18, 2023, we announced decisions to align our cost structure with our revenue and customer demand, prioritize our investments in strategic areas, and consolidate office space, which included a $1.2 billion charge related to employee severance expenses and other costs. We reduced our overall workforce by approximately 10,000 jobs, which represents less than 5% of our total employee base, while continuing to hire in key strategic areas. We are allocating both our capital and talent to areas of secular growth and long-term competitiveness, while divesting in other areas. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses, and many of these revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, making us susceptible to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. We have the ability to use other manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or unable to meet our requirements, although some of our products contain components for which there are very few qualified suppliers. Extended disruptions at these suppliers could impact our ability to manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand. The investments we are making in cloud and AI infrastructure will support our operational continuity and enhance our resilience against market volatility. Our revenue fluctuates quarterly and is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters of our fiscal year, driven by corporate year-end spending trends and holiday season spending by consumers. We monitor metrics that assess the overall health of our commercial business, which include leading indicators of future performance. We are committed to maintaining operational flexibility and adapting our strategies to confront unexpected situations and pressures. Our organizational practices are designed to support our resilience strategies, enabling us to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We believe these measures will enhance our organizational effectiveness and ensure our long-term survival and growth in a competitive landscape.