In April 2023, we announced our plans to discontinue our DVD-by-mail service, which had an immaterial impact on our operations and financial results. We expect that from time to time the prices of our membership plans in each country may change, and we may test other plan and price variations. Our ability to obtain financing will depend on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We anticipate that cash flows from operations, available funds, and access to financing sources will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing, and production of content, marketing programs, streaming delivery, and personnel-related costs, as well as strategic acquisitions and investments. We expect to continue to significantly invest in global content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity. We have built our own global content delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. The increase in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023, was due to an increase in expenses directly associated with the acquisition, licensing, and production of content. We recognize content assets as "content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets, and we amortize these assets based on historical and estimated viewing patterns. Our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment. The change in foreign currency gains and losses was partially offset by an increase in interest income earned due to higher average interest rates and investment balances. Our business model is subscription-based, and content assets are predominantly monetized as a group. We believe that our assumptions, judgments, and estimates regarding our financial condition are reasonable, but actual results may differ. We do not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes, and we may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. We have identified critical accounting policies and judgments that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations. The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Our ability to recover deferred tax assets is evaluated based on all available positive and negative evidence, including past operating results and forecasts of future earnings. We are not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors, including our stock price and general economic conditions. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures the amount of cash generated that is available for strategic acquisitions and investments. Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our content, debt, and lease obligations. We expect to continue to invest in original content, which will impact our liquidity and operational flexibility.