Our intelligent platform, the Now Platform, is a cloud-based solution with embedded artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities that helps global enterprises across industries, universities, and governments unify and digitize their workflows. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the Now Platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their C-suite, employees, and consumers. We are closely monitoring the unfolding events of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the current armed conflict in Israel and the Gaza Strip. While these events are still evolving and the outcome remains highly uncertain, we do not believe the conflicts will have a material impact on our business and results of operations. However, if the conflicts continue or worsen, leading to greater global economic disruptions and uncertainty, our business and results of operations could be materially impacted. Additionally, other macroeconomic events, including rising interest rates, global inflation, and bank failures, have led to economic uncertainty in the global economy. To mitigate risk, our cash and cash equivalents are distributed across several large financial institutions and are not concentrated in one financial institution. We have not experienced any impact on our liquidity or to our current and projected business operations and financial condition due to recent bank failures. We will continue to monitor the direct and indirect impact of macroeconomic events on our business and financial results. Our subscription revenues increased by $1.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the prior year, primarily driven by increased purchases by new and existing customers. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2024, to increase in absolute dollars and remain relatively flat as a percentage of revenue as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. Our renewal rate was 98% for each of the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. We have generated positive operating cash flows for more than ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy, and we expect to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations during 2024. Our working capital requirements are principally comprised of non-contract workforce salaries, bonuses, commissions, and benefits and, to a lesser extent, cancellable and non-cancellable licenses and services arrangements that are integral to our business operations, and operating lease obligations. To grow our business, we also invest in capital and other resources to expand our data centers and enable our workforce, and we acquire technology and businesses to supplement our technology portfolio. We anticipate cash flows generated from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. We will continue to monitor the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. Our expectations for revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses for the year ending December 31, 2024, are based on the 31-day average of foreign exchange rates for December 31, 2023. We will continue to incur incremental costs to attract customers in regulated markets by adopting public cloud offerings as well as increased support for customers impacted by new and evolving data residency requirements.