Throughout this MD&A, we commonly discuss the following key operating metrics: operating margin. Starbucks results for fiscal 2023 demonstrate the overall strength of our brand. We believe the investments in partner wages and training have increased retention and in-store operational efficiencies while the acceleration of purpose-built store concepts and innovations in technologies have provided additional convenience and connection with our customers. We have seen the strength and resilience of our brand as well as strong customer demand across our portfolio, with revenue and operating margin growth in fiscal 2023. We expect to continue our trend of global new store growth in fiscal 2024, driven by a dynamic portfolio of store formats in the U.S. and leveraging the strength of our brand internationally. We anticipate continued benefits from increased sales leverage and pricing decisions as well as in-store operational efficiencies driven by our reinvention plan. We expect the inflationary pressures on commodities and supply chain that impacted fiscal 2023 to moderate in fiscal 2024, relative to the impact on our business and financial metrics, including operating margin. Absent global economic disruptions, and based on the current trend of our business operations and our focused efforts on the reinvention plan, we are confident in the strength of our brand and strategy for sustainable, profitable growth over the long term. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall increase in operating margin of 200 basis points in fiscal 2023 when compared to fiscal 2022. We evaluate property, plant and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets and other finite-lived assets for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may not be recoverable. As a result of the restructuring efforts in connection with the reinvention plan, we recorded immaterial impairment charges on our consolidated statements of earnings during the fiscal years ended October 1, 2023 and October 2, 2022. Future impairment charges attributed to our reinvention plan are not expected to be material. Our fiscal 2023 annual goodwill impairment testing was completed in the third fiscal quarter. We continue to believe the fair value of each of our reporting units is significantly in excess of its carrying value, and absent a sustained multi-year global decline in our business in key markets such as the U.S. and China, we do not anticipate incurring significant goodwill impairment in the next 12 months. Our ability to incur new liens and conduct sale and leaseback transactions on certain material properties is subject to compliance with terms of the indentures under which the long-term notes were issued. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally, combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt, will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for at least the next 12 months. We regularly review our cash positions and our determination of partial indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings. In the event we determine that all or another portion of such foreign earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested, we may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes, which could be material. We expect to use our available cash and investments, including, but not limited to, additional potential future borrowings under the credit facilities, commercial paper program and the issuance of debt to support and invest in our core businesses, including investing in new ways to serve our customers and supporting our store partners, repaying maturing debts, as well as returning cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and discretionary share repurchases and investing in new business opportunities related to our core and developing businesses.