TJX provides projections and other forward-looking statements particularly relating to our future financial performance, which are estimates based on information currently available and subject to risks, uncertainties, and potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Our results are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those described in risk factors, as well as other information we file with the SEC. We operate over 4,900 stores through our four main segments, and our mission is to deliver great value to our customers every day by selling a rapidly changing assortment of merchandise at prices significantly below full-price retailers. Our consolidated net sales increased 9% to $54.2 billion for fiscal 2024, driven by a 5% increase in comparable store sales, reflecting an increase in customer transactions. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by higher merchandise margin, partially offset by incremental store wage and payroll costs. We expect to add approximately 40 homegoods stores in fiscal 2025, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 4%. Our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. As of February 3, 2024, we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and credit facilities are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. We monitor debt financing markets on an ongoing basis and may incur additional long-term indebtedness depending on prevailing market conditions and liquidity requirements. Our operating cash flows increased significantly due to a rise in net income and changes in accrued expenses. The cash outflows for investing activities were primarily driven by capital expenditures, with expectations for future capital expenditures to support growth. The increase in segment profit margin for fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by favorable supply chain costs and higher merchandise margin, reflecting lower freight costs. We have provided for all applicable state and foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. Our management assesses contingent liabilities and accrues for estimated liabilities when a material loss is probable. We evaluate our uncertain tax positions and accrue for exposure when we believe it is more likely than not that the positions taken will not be sustained. The outcomes of these proceedings are uncertain and may result in reductions or additions to accruals. We have a specific policy regarding markdowns to reduce management's discretion and the need for estimates. The increase in SG&A ratio for fiscal 2024 reflects higher incentive compensation costs and other operational adjustments. We have returned $4.0 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, and we plan to continue repurchasing stock based on various factors including liquidity and market conditions. The effective income tax rate for fiscal 2024 was influenced by an increase in nondeductible items and a reduction of excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. The increase in comp store sales was driven by an increase in customer transactions across all segments, demonstrating our operational flexibility and adaptability in a competitive landscape.