We continue to focus on executing our strategy of customer first, people led and innovation driven by making it quicker and easier for customers to do business with us. In furtherance of our strategy, during 2023 we acquired MNX Global Logistics, a global time-critical and temperature-sensitive logistics provider, and Happy Returns, a technology-focused company that provides innovative end-to-end return services. These initiatives are intended to allow us to reach new markets and customers and better serve our current customer base. Faced with a challenging external environment, we remain focused on our strategy and are taking action intended to right-size our business for the future and focus on key enablers of growth. These moves include exploring strategic alternatives for our truckload brokerage business and reducing headcount through our "fit to serve" initiative to create a more efficient operating model and enhance responsiveness to changing market dynamics. During the year, macroeconomic headwinds, including inflationary pressures and changes in consumer behavior, together with volume diversion resulting from our labor negotiations with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, contributed to volume declines in our U.S. small package business. We expect global economic conditions to improve gradually during 2024, and therefore expect volume and revenue growth to increase in the second half of the year. We anticipate overall year-over-year volume growth rates will be flat in the first half of 2024, with moderate growth expected in the second half of the year dependent upon improving macroeconomic conditions. Uncertainty around our Teamsters contract also negatively impacted volume, primarily during the first nine months of the year. Following ratification of the Teamsters contract in the third quarter of 2023, we regained approximately 60% of diverted U.S. volume and gained volume from new customers. We have experienced higher year-over-year labor costs in the second half of the year as a result of these contractual increases, which we expect to persist through the first half of 2024. The overall decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to lower compensation expense due to a reduction in direct labor hours resulting from volume declines, as well as the impact of incentive compensation program design changes implemented in the fourth quarter of 2022 and reductions in management headcount. We expect market conditions will improve during 2024, leading to increases in our purchased transportation costs, particularly for airfreight. We anticipate continued growth in our logistics businesses during 2024 as we continue to execute on our strategy. We expect these costs to be further reduced, although not significantly, as we complete the obligations under these agreements during the first half of 2024. We continue to monitor all of our reporting units between annual testing dates. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and market volatility. We believe that these positions, expected cash from operations, access to commercial paper programs and capital markets, and other available liquidity options will be adequate to fund our material short- and long-term cash requirements, including our business operations, planned capital expenditures, anticipated pension contributions, potential acquisitions, debt obligations, and planned shareholder returns. We expect to incur higher depreciation and amortization expense in 2024 as a result of our recent acquisitions and our continuing investments in network enhancement projects and other technology initiatives. We regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund operations.