We are a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, with a focus on specialty markets. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis (CF) and increasing the number of people with CF eligible and able to receive our medicines, including through label expansions, expanded reimbursement, and the development of new medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in product development and may provide product candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our product development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. Our business also requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. As we advance our product candidates through clinical development toward commercialization and market and sell our approved products, we build and maintain our supply chain and quality assurance resources. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. We expect that cash flows from our product sales together with our cash, cash equivalents, and current marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. Our research expenses have been increasing over the last several years as we have invested in our pipeline and expanded our cell and genetic therapy capabilities, resulting in increased headcount, outside services, and other direct expenses, and infrastructure costs associated with our research facilities. We expect our development expenses to continue to increase in 2024 due to our advancing pipeline programs, including our type 1 diabetes program. We are advancing a diversified pipeline of potentially transformative medicines for serious diseases utilizing a range of modalities. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of causal human biology and the science of therapeutics to discover and develop innovative medicines. We aim to rapidly follow our first-in-class therapies that achieve proof-of-concept with potential best-in-class candidates to provide durable clinical and commercial success. We have established a collaboration with Entrada Therapeutics, Inc. to address the functional impact of the causal mutation in the gene that causes myotonic dystrophy type 1. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to expand and maintain reimbursement for our CF medicines, Casgevy, and ultimately pipeline therapies, in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. Our business strategy includes acquiring technologies, products, product candidates, and other businesses that are aligned with our corporate and research and development strategies and complement and advance our ongoing research and development efforts. We have engaged in a number of acquisitions of privately held biotechnology companies over the last several years. Our corporate headquarters is in two buildings that we lease at Fan Pier in Boston, Massachusetts. We account for each of these buildings as finance leases. Our total future minimum lease payments for our finance and operating leases were $583.0 million and $436.1 million related to our finance and operating leases, respectively, as of December 31, 2023.