The company's business and reputation are impacted by information technology system failures and network disruptions. The company and its global supply chain are exposed to information technology system failures or network disruptions caused by natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, or other events or disruptions. Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact the company's business by, among other things, preventing access to the company's online services, interfering with customer transactions or impeding the manufacturing and shipping of the company's products. The company's business requires it to use and store confidential information, including personal information, with respect to the company's customers and employees. The company devotes significant resources to network and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and data. However, these measures cannot provide absolute security, and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information occur and could materially adversely affect the company's business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. The company's business also requires it to share confidential information with suppliers and other third parties. The company relies on global suppliers that are also exposed to ransomware and other malicious attacks that can disrupt business operations. The company has implemented systems and processes intended to secure its information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive data, and mitigate the impact of unauthorized access, including through the use of encryption and authentication technologies. The company's business, results of operations and financial condition depend substantially on the company's ability to continually improve its products and services to maintain their functional and design advantages. The company must make significant investments in research and development, which are driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses and engineering program costs. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions, and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. The company's ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The company faces substantial competition in its markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships. The company also relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software applications for its products. The company's products and operating systems are subject to rapid technological change, and when third-party developers are unable to or choose not to keep up with this pace of change, their applications can fail to take advantage of these changes to deliver improved customer experiences. The company's services also face substantial competition, including from companies that have significant resources and experience and have established service offerings with large customer bases. The company distributes its products and certain of its services through cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers, many of which distribute products and services from competitors. The company's business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions. The company has a large, global business with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the company's total net sales, and the company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. The company's operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers.