Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and maintains protected personal data, and a cyber attack or other breach affecting these information technology systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products make them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats or vulnerabilities and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. Abbott commits substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development, with a risk of failure inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. Abbott's ability to manage its large and complex global supply chain is critical to its operations and performance, and disruptions to this supply chain could negatively affect Abbott's results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has contributed to global supply chain disruptions, which have adversely impacted the cost and availability of certain raw materials, supplies, and services. Abbott has experienced availability issues with some services, operations, and materials used in its products. The future extent to which supply chain disruptions may have a material effect on Abbott's operating results is uncertain. Abbott's operations are also subject to numerous governmental regulations, which are costly to comply with and can disrupt Abbott's business. Abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's opinion of Abbott's financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet its debt obligations, which can be adversely affected by various factors, including its reliance on information technology systems. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on its financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond Abbott's control. Abbott's significant indebtedness could adversely affect its business, including decreasing its business flexibility. Additionally, Abbott's research and development programs focus on the development of next-generation technologies, including advanced communication capabilities and leadless pacing therapies, which are essential for maintaining competitive advantage. The company also emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities to enhance business strategies and work processes. Abbott's strategic focus includes driving sales growth from its Alinity suite of diagnostics instruments and its portfolio of rapid diagnostic testing systems, as well as continuing to meet COVID-19 test demand. The company is committed to investing in information technology and digital infrastructure to support operational efficiency and enhance its competitive positioning in the market.