The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. We rely upon a number of internal business processes and information systems to support key business functions, and the efficient operation of these processes and systems is critical to our business. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, insider threat attacks, unauthorized system or data modifications, data breaches and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm and disruption or damage to our business. Cyber threats have and may come into our network through malicious code that is added to widely available open-source software, compromised commercial software or security vulnerabilities in our products or those of a third party that are being used by attackers prior to mitigations being put in place, such as zero-day attacks. Our ability to manage the risks related to the use of our third-party distributors and aib partners or offer appropriate incentives to focus them on the sale of our products could be materially adversely affected. We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components to support our business and products. Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls. We may encounter difficulties in upgrading and operating our new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which could materially adversely affect us. The adoption of a new ERP system is a major undertaking and poses several challenges, both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. If we do not properly address or mitigate these issues it could result in increased costs and the diversion of management's attention and resources, negatively impacting our operating results and ability to effectively manage our business. Our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner includes the use of third-party intellectual property. We rely on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, graphics cards, software, memory and other components that we use to design, support and sell, and our customers utilize to support and/or use our product offerings. Our products may be subject to security vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on us. We maintain sensitive data on our information technology (IT) assets, and also may maintain sensitive information on our business partners' and third-party providers' IT assets, including our intellectual property and proprietary or confidential business information relating to our business and that of our customers and business partners. Our relationships with our customers could be adversely affected as some of our customers may stop purchasing our products, reduce or delay future purchases of our products, or use competing products. The ongoing novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience disruptions to our business as these changing measures have, and will continue to have, an effect on our business operations and practices. Our inability to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market could have a material adverse effect on us.