We rely extensively on information technology systems and networks to operate our company and meet our business objectives. The complexity of our commercial aircraft production system involves extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-skilled labor performed by thousands of employees and other partners, and stringent and evolving regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials, and other components. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification, and production schedules. We expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our business transformation efforts enhance our ability to compete and position us for market recovery. We expect BGS commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry continues to recover. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, with the U.S. government services market comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials, and other components. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems, and management oversight to address cybersecurity risks. Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex, and operational issues, including delays or defects in supplier components, failure to meet internal performance plans, or delays or failures to achieve required regulatory approval, could result in additional out-of-sequence work and increased production costs. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial airlines, and fleet decisions, airline consolidations, or financial challenges involving any of our major commercial airline customers could significantly reduce our revenues and limit our opportunity to generate profits from those customers. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and one or more of our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing, and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas. We face aggressive international competition intent on increasing market share, and the competitive pressures we face may result in reduced revenues and market share. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials, and other components.