Our ability to respond to and keep up with the rapid pace of technological and market changes is critical. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing consumer demands and preferences. We may not be able to keep up with these rapid changes, which are heightened by the progress of technology adoption in various markets, including the continuing adoption of the internet and online commerce, and the growth of the use of smartphones and tablets for mobile e-commerce transactions. Our ability to achieve our long-term strategy to build the connected trip depends on successfully integrating and developing new and evolving technologies, which will require increased financial and personnel investments that could adversely impact our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments. We are working toward enhancing our payments capabilities, including by offering alternative payment solutions to consumers. If we are unable to offer consumers their preferred method of payment by integrating new or emerging payment methods into our platforms, we may not be able to effectively offer our services to these consumers, which would limit our growth opportunities in these markets and could harm our business and results of operations. We rely on the performance of highly skilled employees; if we are unable to retain or motivate key employees or hire, retain, and motivate well-qualified employees, our business would be harmed. The competition for technology talent in our industry is intense, including among established technology companies, startups, and companies transitioning to digital. This level of competition could continue in the future. As a result of the competitive labor market and inflationary pressure on compensation, our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent are increasing, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We are also subject to various competition/anti-trust, consumer protection, and online commerce laws, rules, and regulations around the world, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business by legislators and regulators in these areas may intensify. Our business relies on a global supply chain of third-party service providers, and we are exposed to risks because we rely on the resilience, security, and legal compliance of their products and services. We utilize sophisticated technology to identify cybersecurity threats; however, a cyberattack may go undetected for a period of time, resulting in harm to our computer systems and the loss of data. Our business and reputation may be adversely affected if such insurers no longer make insurance offerings available to us on economically reasonable terms or at all, or if such insurance providers fail to pay out under these insurance policies. We are also subject to payment card association rules and obligations under our contracts with the card schemes and our payment card processors, and indirectly to the rules of payment systems in respect of credit transfers. The rules of the card schemes and payment systems are updated in cycles, and we may need to adjust our systems and/or processes to comply with any updated obligations. We have invested and will continue to invest substantial resources to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and failure to maintain compliance could lead to fines or require us to modify or interrupt our business practices, plans, or operations, any of which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and profit margins.