We rely extensively on information technology systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and technical applications to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction or modification of confidential information stored in our systems. We could also experience business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage. The cyber-threat landscape evolves, and these attacks are growing in frequency, sophistication, and intensity. Although the aggregate impact of cybersecurity breaches and data leakage on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of cyber-attacks and expect them to continue. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems for any current or potential threats. We maintain cyber insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas, and we continue to advance and invest in our cell therapy portfolio and expand our manufacturing capabilities. The evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We have achieved significant synergies related to the Celgene acquisition plan, which resulted in streamlining the company's pricing and information technology infrastructure. Our commercial model has been successful, with revenues from our in-line brands and new product portfolio continuing to grow, demonstrating strong execution of our strategy. We are also dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage. The failure of third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations could adversely affect our business, particularly in relation to outsourcing partners and vendors that manage significant aspects of our operations, including IT services. The reliance on third parties poses risks such as potential cybersecurity incidents or disruptions that could impact our operations. The integration of technology into our business processes is crucial for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting our strategic objectives. Our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively is essential for enhancing our competitive advantage and ensuring compliance with evolving regulatory requirements.