We rely on information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) systems, including technology from third-party vendors, to manufacture and ship our products, as well as to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our IT systems make them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and the increasing need to protect patient and customer information. Digital technologies have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, R&D pipeline, and product portfolio. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competences in order to remain competitive. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems, and finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant management time. We have seen, and could continue to see, software and supply-chain vulnerabilities and malware, which could affect our systems and the systems of our third-party vendors and business partners. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our IT or OT systems, products, and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions, or other breaches, could result in outages or unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. We strive to meet the expectations of applicable regulations; however, there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies or civil actions based on this growing body of regulations. Our business depends to a significant extent on the continued service of senior management and other key personnel, the development of additional management personnel, and the hiring of new qualified employees. The loss of one or more key employees, our ability to attract or develop additional qualified employees, or any delay in hiring key personnel could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our products are designed and manufactured in technology centers around the world, either by us or third parties. In most cases, the manufacturing of any specific product is concentrated in one or a few locations. Factors such as a failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, environmental factors, or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. We have invested to protect our intellectual property, products, and other data and continue to work diligently in this area, but there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber-attacks, or other events. Our ability to protect novel business models is uncertain, and competing parties in our industry frequently file multiple suits to leverage patent portfolios across product lines, technologies, and geographies.