We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data, including our kite konnect platform, which is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody of yescarta and tecartus. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and ransomware attack. Cybersecurity attacks and incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Malicious actors seek to steal money, gain unauthorized access to, destroy or manipulate data, and disrupt operations, and some of their attacks may not be recognized or discovered until launched or after initial entry into the environment, such as novel or zero-day attacks that are launched before patches are available and defenses can be readied. Cybersecurity incidents can cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, and could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws. We rely on third-party sites to collect patients' white blood cells, known as apheresis centers, as well as shippers, couriers, and hospitals for the logistical collection of patients' white blood cells and ultimate delivery of yescarta and tecartus to patients. These vendors may encounter disruptions or difficulties that could result in product loss and regulatory action. We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms and generic drug manufacturers. New branded or generic products entering major markets affects our ability to maintain pricing and market share. Our products compete with other available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing. We may be adversely impacted if any of these competitors gain market share as a result of new technologies, commercialization strategies or otherwise. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers. In light of the budget crises faced by many European countries, we have observed variations in purchasing patterns induced by cost containment measures in Europe. Our strategic priorities for 2023 and beyond, reflecting how we plan to deliver those ambitions, are: maximize near-term revenue growth; maximize impact of long-acting HIV; expand and deliver on oncology programs; champion an environment of inclusion and employee growth; and remove barriers to speed in execution. Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products. If we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products, our business will be adversely impacted. The launch of commercially successful products is necessary to grow our business, cover our substantial R&D expenses, and offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. We are aware of the existence of various suppliers around the world that, without Gilead's authorization, purport to source our products and generic versions of our products and sell them for use in countries where those products have not been approved. Our business may be adversely affected if approval of any of our product candidates were delayed or if production of our products were interrupted. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products.