Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options, and costs depends on many factors, including leveraging the momentum of our strategic investments in our supply chain and our interconnected retail capabilities to further enhance the customer shopping experience. We must continually anticipate and adapt to changes in the shopping and purchasing process by continuing to adjust and enhance the online and in-store customer experience as well as our delivery options. The coordinated operation of our network of physical stores, distribution facilities, and online platforms is fundamental to the success of our interconnected strategy. We rely extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, process, retain, manage, transmit, and protect transactions and data. Our information technology systems, applications, and processes must operate effectively, and we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems could impair their effectiveness or expose us to security risks. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to damage or interruption from various causes, including cyber-attacks and natural disasters. We are currently making substantial investments in our information technology systems, infrastructure, and personnel, which involve replacing existing systems with successor systems, outsourcing certain technology and business processes, and migrating applications to the cloud. These efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, and disruption of operations. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital properties to provide a personalized, user-friendly interface for our customers. Our investments in our interconnected retail strategy, including by making significant investments to expand our supply chain, are designed to streamline our operations and provide our customers with a more interconnected shopping experience. However, we cannot guarantee that our current or future fulfillment options will be maintained and implemented successfully or that we will be able to meet customer expectations on delivery or pickup times, options, and costs. The execution of initiatives to expand our supply chain and enhance the interconnected shopping experience could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as protect against loss or theft of our inventory. Our ability to collect and use customer data is important to effectively meet their expectations, but this ability is subject to external factors, including legislation governing data privacy and security. We face an increased risk due to the potential failure of internal or external information technology infrastructure as well as increased cybersecurity threats. Unauthorized parties have previously gained access to our systems, and the risk of cyber-attacks has increased. To protect against unauthorized access to or use of data, we have implemented and regularly review systems, processes, and procedures; however, the evolving threats mean that we and our third-party service providers must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes. Any significant compromise or breach of our data security could result in substantial costs, including costs to investigate and remediate, as well as lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation.