Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We face intense competition in all of our businesses, and we expect competition to remain intense in the future. Our competitors may introduce superior products and services, reduce prices, have greater technical, marketing and other resources, have greater name recognition, have larger installed bases of customers, have well-established relationships with our current and potential customers, advertise aggressively or beat us to market with new products and services. We must continue to innovate, develop new products and features, and enhance our ability to solve customer problems with emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and blockchain. We have and will continue to devote significant resources to continue to develop our skills, tools and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies. We rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors and other service providers to take and fulfill customer orders, handle customer service requests and host certain online activities. Our business operations, information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, climate change, human error, malicious attacks, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses and malware, computer denial of service attacks, terrorist attacks, public health emergencies and other events beyond our control. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems and software platforms disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. Our technologies, systems, and networks have been subject to, and are increasingly likely to continue to be the target of, cyberattacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, which could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, use, loss or destruction of sensitive and personal data of our customers and our workforce. We have implemented additional security measures and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures. We are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products, and there may be vulnerabilities in open source software that make it susceptible to cyberattacks. Our shift to a hybrid workplace model, where our workforce will spend a portion of their time working in our offices and a portion of their time working from home, introduces operational complexity that exacerbates our security-related risks.