In evaluating our company, it is possible that our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by various risks, including those related to our business development activities to enhance our product pipeline. We engage in various forms of business development activities, including licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, co-promotion arrangements, joint ventures, acquisitions, and equity investments. There are substantial risks associated with identifying successful business development targets and consummating related transactions, including failures or difficulties in integrating or retaining new personnel or the operations of the businesses, products, or assets we acquire, which may affect our ability to realize the expected benefits of business development transactions. Our management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements, which include potential business development activities. We invest in external research and technologies that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts, viewing our business development activity as a way to enhance our pipeline and strengthen our business. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or line extensions for existing products, sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products become subject to pricing controls or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The introduction of new products and business development activities to enhance our product pipeline involves high costs and uncertainties, including the ability to obtain or maintain necessary regulatory approvals or payer reimbursement or coverage. Delays, uncertainties, unpredictabilities, and inconsistencies in drug approval processes across markets and agencies can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. We have undertaken compensatory actions to improve retention and address wage inflation, which will increase compensation costs and impact our consolidated results of operations. The establishment of payment limits or other restrictions by drug affordability review boards and other state-level actors would similarly impact us. We expect that these actions may intensify and could particularly affect certain products as governments manage and emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic. Our effective tax rate reflects the favorable tax impact of the implementation of a provision in the 2017 tax act that requires capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses for tax purposes starting in 2022. We recognize revenue primarily from two different types of contracts, product sales to customers and collaborations and other arrangements. Significant judgments are required in making estimates related to sales returns, rebates, and discounts, which are established in the same period the related product sales are recognized. We believe that our accruals for sales returns, rebates, and discounts are reasonable and appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. We view these payments as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from sales of products. As we expand our manufacturing capacity to meet existing and expected demand of our incretin products, we have entered, and expect to continue to enter, into various agreements for contract manufacturing and for supply of materials. The executed agreements could require us to pay up to approximately $4.5 billion if we do not purchase specified amounts of goods or services over the durations of the agreements.