We are a global security and aerospace company principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products, and services. Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the future requirements of 21st-century security, which aims to integrate new and existing systems across all domains with advanced, open-architecture networking and operational technologies to make forces more agile, adaptive, and unpredictable. Key to enabling the success of our strategy is developing differentiating technologies, forging strategic partnerships, including with commercial companies, and executing on our multi-year business transformation initiative to enhance our digital infrastructure and increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business while reducing costs. Our investments in emerging technologies are intended to keep pace with rapid industry innovation and seek to collaborate with commercial entities that have complementary technologies. Our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly, identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture innovative products and services efficiently, and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. The digital transformation effort requires substantial investment, and if we are unable to successfully implement the strategy, our results of operations and future competitiveness may be adversely affected. Our success in achieving these goals may depend on accurately assessing our customers' needs and our competitors' capabilities, containing our total costs relative to competitors, successfully and efficiently investing in emerging technologies, adopting innovative business models and adaptive pricing methods, effectively collaborating across our business segments, and adopting and integrating new digital manufacturing and operating technologies and tools into our product lifecycles and processes. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure, unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive information, insider threats, and denial-of-service attacks. Our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and joint venture partners experience similar security threats. We have an extensive global security organization whose mission is to protect our systems and data, including a computer incident response team to defend against cyber attacks and conduct annual training of our employees on the protection of sensitive information. Our enterprise risk management program includes threat detection and cybersecurity mitigation plans, and our disclosure controls and procedures address cybersecurity and include elements intended to ensure that there is an analysis of potential disclosure obligations arising from security breaches. We are also heavily dependent on our supply chain for sourcing contractually compliant components, which is outside of our direct control and is multi-tiered. The future occurrence of non-compliant components in our programs could cause suspensions in product deliveries, remediation work on installed components, contract price adjustments, and alternate supply sourcing, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our ability to capture and retain future growth in development, production, and sustainment is dependent on the success of our efforts to achieve sustainment performance, customer affordability, supply chain improvements, continued reliability improvements, and other efficiencies, some of which are outside our control.