We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omnichannel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. Our ability to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands has required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required new competencies in many positions, and our management, associates, and contractors have had to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining, and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations. We are undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our merchandise selling system, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. Our systems and the systems of third-party vendors are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures. Performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including temporary outages caused by distributed denial of service, ransomware, or other cyber-attacks, could quickly destroy the positive benefits they provide to our home improvement business and negatively affect our customers' perceptions of us as a reliable online vendor. Cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, associate, vendor, or company information could adversely affect our business and reputation. We collect, process, transmit, store, and delete certain personal information about our customers, associates, and vendors, as well as confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and business information. We may not be able to adequately anticipate or prevent a future breach in our or their systems that results in unauthorized access to sensitive data. Our information security may also be compromised due to human errors or system errors. Our investments to enhance and expand our supply chain might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete or realize anticipated benefits. The execution of initiatives to transform our supply chain network could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these investments might not provide the anticipated benefits. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits because of numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, IT, and other systems successfully. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate IT systems successfully.