Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. Our investments in new technology are speculative, and commercial success depends on many factors, including innovativeness, developer support, and effective distribution and marketing. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. Our success in the Internet of Things will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings such as Azure, Azure Stack, Azure IoT Edge, and Azure Sphere. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to meet our business objectives. We embrace cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. Security of our information technology is critical, as threats to IT security can take various forms, including attacks that exploit vulnerabilities in hardware, software, or other infrastructure. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers. The security of our products and services is important in our customers' decisions to purchase or use our products or services across cloud and on-premises environments. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. Our ability to use data effectively is becoming central to the value of the services we deliver to customers, impacting operational efficiency and key opportunities in monetization. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world, and our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. We are committed to notifying our customers whose systems have been impacted by security threats as we become aware and have available information and actions for customers to help protect themselves. Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees is crucial, as we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment and competitive compensation. The development and deployment of defensive measures to defend against security threats to our internal IT systems, our cloud-based services, and our customers' systems are essential for maintaining our competitive position.