Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The highly competitive nature of our industry requires us to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, and our competitors may use aggressive pricing to obtain market share. Some competitors may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets. We strive to balance our demand and supply for each technology node, but the dynamics of our markets and our customers can create periods of imbalance, which can lead us to carry elevated inventory levels. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products and process technologies to continue to deliver advanced product requirements. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products. We are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications for those products. Our ability to successfully introduce new products often requires us to make product specification decisions multiple years in advance of when new products enter the market. If we do not meet their product design schedules, our customers may exclude us from further consideration as a supplier for those products. We maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities and manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. Unauthorized persons may gain access to our technology infrastructure and systems to steal trade secrets or other proprietary information, compromise confidential information, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. Breaches of our security systems or products, or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners, could expose us to losses. Cyberattacks on technology infrastructure and systems can impact our operations. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our construction projects to expand production and R&D capacity are highly dependent on available sources of labor, materials, equipment, and services. We expect these new fabs to fulfill our requirements for additional wafer capacity starting in the second half of the decade and beyond, in line with industry demand trends. Our cash flows from operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory and storage products sold, average selling prices, and manufacturing costs. We continuously evaluate alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows or obtain external financing in the future. We cannot predict what further actions may ultimately be taken with respect to export regulations, tariffs, or other trade regulations between the United States and other countries. Our operations are also subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise out of the ordinary conduct of our business or otherwise, both domestically and internationally.