Our business and operations have experienced growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our portfolio and support offerings within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. We must continually change our products and expand our business strategy in response to changes in network infrastructure requirements, including the expanding use of cloud computing. Our current research and development efforts may not produce successful products, subscriptions, or features that result in significant revenue, cost savings or other benefits in the near future, if at all. We are actively monitoring, evaluating, and responding to developments relating to COVID-19, which has resulted in significant global, social, and business disruption. We have seen supply chain challenges increase, including chip and component shortages, which have, in certain cases, caused delays for us in acquiring chips, components, and inventory and have resulted in increased costs as compared to historic levels. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Our ability to sell our products and subscriptions is dependent on the quality of our technical support services and those of our channel partners, and the failure to offer high-quality technical support services could have a material adverse effect on our end-customers' satisfaction with our products and subscriptions, our sales, and our operating results. We face intense competition in our market and may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. Our reliance on our channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, including subscriptions and support, means that if these channel partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products and subscriptions will be limited, and our operating results will be harmed. If we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to rapidly evolving technological and market developments and successfully manage product and subscription introductions and transitions to meet changing end-customer needs in the enterprise security industry, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. Our investments in research and development may not result in significant design improvements, marketable products, subscriptions, or features, or may result in products, subscriptions, or features that are more expensive than anticipated. We may also experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems, processes, and controls or in connection with third-party software licensed to help us with such improvements. If we are unable to manage our supply and inventory effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected, and we may not be able to successfully implement or scale improvements to our systems, processes, and controls in an efficient or timely manner.