Our financial condition and results of operations have been and are expected to continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has required and may continue to require us to make controversial decisions about precautionary measures, such as vaccinations, that could impact our results, including by impacting our brand, employee retention and satisfaction, and the willingness of customers to buy our products. We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, online business, delivery services, mobile technology, including mobile payments and ordering apps, reloads and loyalty functionality, and various other processes and transactions. The success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our ability to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. We are consistently subject to attempts to compromise our information technology systems from both internal and external sources. The number and frequency of these attempts varies from year to year but could be exacerbated by an increase in our digital operations. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services, and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. We rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. We believe our customers expect the same quality of service regardless of whether they visit a licensed or company-operated store, so we provide training and support to, and monitor the operations of, certain of these licensees and other business partners. However, the product quality and service they deliver may still be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our North America operating segment, which comprised approximately 72% of consolidated total net revenues in fiscal 2022. Our financial results could be adversely affected by a shift in consumer spending away from outside-the-home food and beverages, including the disruption caused by online commerce that results in reduced foot traffic to "brick & mortar" retail stores. Our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers, and our financial results could be adversely affected by a shift in consumer spending. We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, and these rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity. We may also communicate certain initiatives and goals regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing, and other ESG-related matters in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge as we increase our fresh and prepared food offerings, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. and from countries or regions with diminished infrastructure. Our business relies on the ability of our licensee partners to implement our growth platforms and product innovations as well as on the degree to which we are able to enter into, maintain, develop, and negotiate appropriate terms and conditions of, and enforce, commercial and other agreements and the performance of our business partners under such agreements.