Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. We devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes designed to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information belonging to the enterprise and our customers, clients, and employees. The rapid change of technology is a key feature of all of the markets in which we operate. To succeed in the future, we will need to deploy improved processes and technology to innovate, design, develop, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements to our existing products in a timely and cost-effective manner. Our ability to develop, adapt, or implement new and improved processes and technology may materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are transitioning our technology to cloud-based infrastructure, which is complex, time-consuming, and can involve substantial expenditures. Our utilization of cloud services is critical to developing and providing products and services to our customers, scaling our business for future growth, accurately maintaining data, and otherwise operating our business; any such implementation involves risks inherent in the conversion to a new system, including loss of information and potential disruption to our normal operations. We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems, and applications to support key product and service offerings. The physical or technological infrastructure used by us or our third-party service providers can become obsolete or restrictive, unavailable, incompatible with future versions of our products, fail to be comprehensive or accurate, or fail to operate effectively, and our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace it. We also do not have fully redundant systems for most of our smaller office locations and low-risk systems, and our disaster recovery plan does not include restoration of non-essential services. We have outsourced certain functions to third-party service providers to leverage leading specialized capabilities and achieve cost efficiencies, and such functions may be further outsourced. Our third-party service providers do not perform to our standards, produce reliable results, perform in a timely manner, or perform at all. We also face the risk that our third-party service providers may fail to comply with legal requirements or maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information. Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights could impact our competitive position. We consider many of our products and services to be proprietary. Failure to protect our intellectual property adequately could harm the value of and revenue generated by such assets as well as our reputation and affect our ability to compete effectively. The markets in which we operate continuously change to adapt to customer needs. Our inability to innovate and compete with new or enhanced products and services of our competitors could impact our profitability. We operate in highly competitive markets that continuously change to adapt to customer needs. In order to maintain a competitive position, we must continue to invest in innovation, new offerings, and enhancements, including new ways to deliver our products and services. The integration of technology and the ongoing development of our IT capabilities are essential to support our business strategies and operational efficiency, as well as to respond to evolving market dynamics and customer demands.