Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our customers, such as sensitive personal, account, and payment card information. We routinely provide certain confidential information to third-party providers whose products and services are used in our business operations, including as part of our IT systems, such as cloud services. We have experienced criminal cyberattacks and could in the future be further harmed by disruption, data loss, or other security breaches, whether directly or indirectly through third parties. Cyberattacks against companies like ours have increased in frequency and potential harm over time, making it increasingly difficult to anticipate, prevent, and detect incidents successfully. Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to confidential information and to defend against cyberattacks seeking to disrupt our operations must be continually evaluated and enhanced to address the ever-evolving threat landscape and changing cybersecurity regulations. These preventative actions require the investment of significant resources and management time and attention. We expect to continue to be the target of cyberattacks, given the nature of our business, and we expect the same with respect to our third-party providers. If we fail to protect confidential information or to prevent operational disruptions from future cyberattacks, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. Significant technological changes continue to impact our industry. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to changes in available technology, continually invest in our network, increase network capacity, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to meet our current and potential customers' changing service demands. Enhancing our network, including the ongoing deployment of our 5G network, is subject to risks related to equipment changes and the migration of customers from older technologies. We rely on highly skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders is extremely competitive. We believe our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain talented personnel for all areas of our organization. System failures and business disruptions may prevent us from providing reliable service, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. We rely upon systems and networks—those of third-party suppliers and other providers, in addition to our own—to provide and support our service offerings. We have seen, and continue to expect, additional joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions, and strategic alliances in the converged connectivity sector, which could result in larger competitors competing for a limited number of customers. Our ability to compete will depend upon, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality, capacity, and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, and attractive pricing, all of which will involve significant expenses. Our integration and decommissioning initiatives also included the acceleration or termination of certain of our operating and financing leases for cell sites, switch sites, and network equipment to achieve merger synergies in network costs. We continue to perform rationalization activities to identify duplicative networks, backhaul services, and other agreements. Our ability to realize the expected benefits from the merger will depend on our ability to integrate the two businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and achieves the projected cost savings.