We rely on information technology ("IT") networks and systems, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications, as well as certain technology systems from third-party vendors, to operate our business. For example, we rely on IT to receive package level information in advance of the physical receipt of packages, to move and track packages through our operations, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. Our franchise locations and subsidiaries also rely on IT systems to manage their business processes and activities. We regularly move data across national borders and are subject to a variety of evolving laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection, and data security. IT systems are susceptible to damage, disruptions, and shutdowns due to programming errors, defects, or other vulnerabilities, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware or malware attacks, attacks by foreign governments and state-sponsored actors, theft, misconduct by employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, misuse, human errors, or other catastrophic events. These events could cause material service outages or result in other material interruptions in our business. We also depend on and interact with the IT networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our operations, including our customers, franchisees, and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. These third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees, and vendors, or operating systems that are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. Security processes, protocols, and standards that we implement and contractual provisions requiring security measures that we impose on such third parties may not be sufficient or effective at preventing data breaches or cyber-attacks. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in IT security initiatives, IT risk management, and disaster recovery plans. The costs and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly frequent, complex, and sophisticated cyber threats and regulatory requirements. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of our brand and our reputation. Service quality issues, actual or perceived, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers not to use our services. We expect to continue to face significant competition, which could materially adversely affect us. Our industry is rapidly evolving, including demands for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments. Competitors include various motor carriers, express companies, freight forwarders, air couriers, large transportation and e-commerce companies that have made and continue to make significant investments in their own logistics capabilities. We must be able to attract, engage, develop, and retain a large and diverse global workforce and maintain an environment that supports our core values. Our strategic initiatives, including transformation, have led and are expected to continue to lead to the creation of fewer, but more impactful, jobs as we strive to lower our cost to serve. We have made several public statements regarding our intended reduction of carbon emissions, including our goal to achieve carbon neutrality in our global operations by 2050, and our ability to meet our goals will depend in part on significant technological advancements with respect to the development and availability of reliable, affordable, and sustainable alternative solutions that are outside of our control.