We invest significant resources in the research, development, manufacturing, and supply of therapies for serious diseases, and if we are unable to successfully commercialize one or more of these therapies, our business could be materially harmed. A breakdown or breach of our information technology systems could subject us to liability or interrupt the operation of our business. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. In the course of our business, we collect, store, and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such information. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business. We have implemented security measures to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with a disruption to our information technology systems. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our data and information systems will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. Our increased use of cloud technologies heightens operational risks, and any failure by cloud or other technology service providers to adequately safeguard their systems could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption, or loss of confidential or proprietary information. We are subject to various and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal data, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our business, result in fines and/or criminal penalties, and damage our reputation. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business. We are subject to data privacy and security laws and regulations in various jurisdictions that apply to the collection, storage, use, sharing, and security of personal data, including health information, and impose significant compliance obligations. The covid-19 pandemic has added further complexity to the processing of personal data, as safety measures and government health regulations may require the collection of certain personal data. We have entered into arrangements with third parties, including collaboration and licensing arrangements, for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of products, product candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to complement our ongoing research and development efforts. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. Our ability to attract collaborators or external funding for the development and commercialization of certain of our product candidates may be limited. We rely on third-party manufacturers and our internal capabilities to manufacture our products and the materials we require for our clinical trials. We may not be able to maintain our third-party relationships and could experience supply disruptions outside of our control. We depend on a worldwide network of third-party manufacturers and our internal capabilities to manufacture product candidates for clinical trials as well as our medicines for commercial use. We expect that we will continue to rely on third parties to meet our commercial supply needs and a significant portion of our clinical supply needs for the foreseeable future. Our business requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. As we advance our product candidates through clinical development toward commercialization and market and sell our approved products, we build and maintain our supply chain and quality assurance resources.