Disruptions in global credit and financial markets could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. These economic uncertainties may lead consumers and businesses to postpone spending, which may cause our customers to cancel, decrease or delay their existing and future orders for our products and make it difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. Significant disruption to global credit and financial markets may also adversely affect our ability to access external financing sources on acceptable terms. Financial difficulties experienced by our customers could result in nonpayment or payment delays for previously purchased products, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure. Uncertainty regarding the future stability of the global credit and financial markets could cause the value of the currency in the affected markets to deteriorate, thus reducing the purchasing power of those customers. In addition, financial difficulties experienced by our suppliers or distributors could result in product delays, increased accounts receivable defaults and inventory challenges. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. Product design, development, innovation and enhancement is often a complex, time-consuming and costly process involving significant investment in research and development, with no assurance of return on investment. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and introduce new and improved products in a timely or efficient manner or that new and improved products, if developed, will achieve market acceptance. Our growth is dependent on our continued ability to identify and penetrate new markets where we have limited experience and competition is intense. We face intense technological and pricing competition in the semiconductor industry, and we expect this competition to increase in the future, including from companies located outside of the United States. Many companies have sufficient financial, manufacturing, technical, sales and marketing resources to develop and market products that compete with our products. Our competitors may also develop products or technologies that more effectively address the demands of our customers and markets with enhanced performance, features and functionality, lower power requirements, greater levels of integration or lower cost. Increased competition in certain markets has resulted in and may continue to result in declining average selling prices, reduced gross margins and loss of market share in those markets. We rely on third-party suppliers, subcontractors and manufacturers for some industry-standard wafers, manufacturing processes, assembly and test services, and transportation, and we generally cannot control their availability or conditions of supply. Our reliance on suppliers involves several risks, including reduced control over availability, capacity utilization, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, and costs. If our suppliers are unable or unwilling to manufacture and deliver components to us on the time schedule and of the quality or quantity that we require, we may experience delays in product development or shipment which could, in turn, result in the temporary or permanent loss of customers. We are exposed to business, economic, political, legal, regulatory and other risks through our significant worldwide operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have significant operations and manufacturing facilities outside the United States, and risks associated with our international business operations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property. We primarily rely on patent, mask work, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary technologies and processes. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could materially and adversely affect our business or reputation. Our continued success depends to a significant extent upon the recruitment, retention and effective succession of our executive officers and key management and technical personnel.