Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. We are focused on ensuring that our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication, and the company is regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. Our businesses operate in industries that are subject to rapid technological advances and changing client needs and preferences. In order to remain competitive and responsive to client demands, we continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges, the demand for our services may diminish. We believe our success in human capital management requires deep expertise and outstanding service to help our clients not just manage their employees, but build better workforces. Our strategic pillars are to grow a complete suite of cloud-based HCM solutions, invest to grow and scale our HR business process outsourcing solutions by leveraging our platforms and processes, and leverage our global presence to offer clients HCM solutions where they do business. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues with strong client retention, good margins, the ability to generate consistent, healthy cash flows, and low capital expenditure requirements. We continue to enhance value to our shareholders, and in fiscal 2015 paid dividends and returned cash through our share buyback program. Our investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years and out to ten years. We believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances, available borrowings under our commercial paper program, and available borrowings under our committed credit facilities. The reduced availability of financing during periods of economic turmoil may limit our ability to access short-term debt markets to meet the liquidity needs of our business. Our systems may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation.