This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our business is subject to risks that affect many other companies, including employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. We expect that our products will compete with new drugs currently in development and drugs currently approved for other indications. Consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers exerting greater pressure in pricing and usage negotiations with drug manufacturers. We face risks relating to the reporting of pricing data that affects the reimbursement of our products to U.S. government healthcare programs. Legislative or regulatory changes that decrease the coverage or reimbursement available for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive environment, and our products may compete against products with lower prices or superior performance. We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we can commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications. The efficient manufacture and supply of our products or product candidates is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers. We rely on independent third-party clinical investigators to recruit subjects and conduct clinical trials on our behalf, and we also may acquire companies that have ongoing clinical trials. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products is impacted by various factors, including capacity of manufacturing facilities and labor disputes. We are also increasingly dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure, and data security. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware and other means to affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information technology systems. Our operations and performance have been affected by global economic conditions, and financial pressures may cause government or other third-party payers to seek cost containment measures. We believe such conditions have led to reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business, and results of operations. Our business may be affected by litigation and government investigations, which can result in costly verdicts, fines, and penalties. We are subject to extensive regulation by numerous state and federal governmental authorities, and failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements may subject us to administrative and judicially imposed sanctions. We are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after product launch. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products over time to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. Our sales and operations are subject to the risks of doing business in emerging markets, which may be especially vulnerable to periods of global political, legal, regulatory, and financial instability. We are also increasingly dependent on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices, and components necessary for the manufacturing of our products. Adverse financial developments at or affecting suppliers could negatively impact our ability to satisfy demand for our products. We have an ongoing process of evaluating potential merger, acquisition, partnering, and in-license opportunities that we expect will contribute to our future growth and expand our geographic footprint, product offerings, and R&D pipeline.