Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects will be adversely affected. We have had to manage an increasingly larger and more complex array of internal systems and processes to scale with all aspects of our business. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and continue to hire, train, and manage new employees as needed. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to our systems and processes in an efficient or timely manner, and we may discover deficiencies in their capabilities or effectiveness. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate effectively, may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships, our inability to manage the growth of our business, and our inability to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses, and earnings. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving industries, including the risks described elsewhere in this annual report. If we do not address these risks successfully, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects will be adversely affected. We expect large purchases by a limited number of end customers to continue to represent a substantial portion of our revenue, and any loss or delay of expected purchases could result in material quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our revenue or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance. We may not achieve similar revenue growth rates in future periods, especially as we enter and expand into the cloud services and application services provider markets. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We must continue to develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends and changing end-customer needs. The process of developing new technology is complex and uncertain, and new offerings require significant upfront investment that may not result in material design improvements to existing products or result in marketable new products or cost savings or revenue for an extended period of time. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully anticipate or adapt to changing technology or end-customer requirements on a timely basis. If we fail to keep up with technology changes or to convince our end customers and potential end customers of the value of our solutions, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially adversely affected. Our corporate headquarters and the operations of our key manufacturing vendors, logistics providers, and partners, as well as many of our customers, are located in areas exposed to risks of natural disasters. A significant natural disaster could have a material adverse effect on our or their business, which could in turn materially affect our financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We increasingly depend upon our IT systems to conduct virtually all of our business operations. If our cybersecurity systems and those of our contractors fail to protect against unauthorized access, our ability to conduct our business effectively could be damaged in various ways, including sensitive data being stolen and our ability to process customer orders being degraded.