Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our ordinary shares. The majority of our sales come from a small number of customers, and a reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. This customer concentration increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and sensitivity to any material, adverse developments experienced by our significant customers. To ensure availability of our products for some of our largest customers, we start manufacturing our relevant products in advance of receiving purchase orders, based on our customers' forecasts. We may be subject to increased risks of high inventory carrying costs, product obsolescence and increased operating costs. The loss of, or any substantial reduction in sales to, any of our major direct or end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our growth strategy includes the acquisition of, and investment in, businesses that offer complementary products, services and technologies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment, alliance, or joint venture opportunities, that we will be able to consummate any such transactions, or that such transactions will be successful. The integration of acquired businesses may not be successful and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. We must implement our management information systems, operating systems and internal controls over, and assimilate and manage the personnel of the acquired operations. These difficulties may be further complicated by factors such as the size of the business or entity acquired, geographic distances, lack of experience operating in the geographic markets or industry sectors of the acquired business, delays and challenges associated with integrating the business with our existing businesses, diversion of management's attention from daily operations of the business, potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business, performance problems with the acquired business' technology, and difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience. A prolonged disruption of our manufacturing facilities, research and development facilities or other significant operations, or those of our suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on our own internal information technology systems and on third parties to provide corporate infrastructure services necessary for the operation of our business. Any failure of our IT systems or one or more of our vendors to provide necessary services could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are subject to risks associated with our distributors' product inventories and product sell-through. If our distributors are unable to sell an adequate amount of their inventory of our products in a given quarter, our sales to these distributors and our revenues may decline. We also face the risk that our distributors may purchase, or for other reasons accumulate, inventory levels of our products in any particular quarter in excess of future anticipated sales to end customers. If such sales do not occur in the time frame anticipated by these distributors for any reason, these distributors may substantially decrease the amount of product they order from us in subsequent periods until their inventory levels realign with end-customer demand, which would harm our business and could adversely affect our revenues in such subsequent periods. We are dependent on a small number of markets, and dynamics in these markets could negatively impact our business or results of operations. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is characterized by constant and rapid technological change and price erosion. We expect our business to continue to be subject to cyclical downturns even when overall economic conditions are relatively stable.