Difficult economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Uncertain expectations for global economic growth have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on us, in part because we are very dependent upon the level of consumer and business activity and the demand for credit and payment products. A prolonged period of slow economic growth or deterioration in economic conditions could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to pay amounts owed to us. Economic instability in certain regions or countries could negatively affect consumer and business spending in other parts of the world. If economic conditions were to worsen, we could experience adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition. We may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors. We may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we expand into new business areas and may need to dedicate more expense, time, and resources to comply with regulatory requirements than our competitors. We face continued intense competitive pressure that may impact the prices we charge merchants that accept our cards for payment for goods and services. Our business model is focused on card member spending. Discount revenue, which represents fees generally charged to merchants when card members use their cards to purchase goods and services on our network, is primarily driven by billed business volumes and is our largest single revenue source. We may not succeed in sustaining merchant discount rates or offsetting the impact of declining merchant discount rates, particularly in the current regulatory environment, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability, and therefore our ability to invest in innovation and in value-added services to merchants and card members. Our success will depend in part on our ability to innovate by offering new payment services products, develop new technologies, and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. Our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. If we are unable to continue to keep pace with innovation, manage the shift to mobile, device-based and multi-channel commerce, drive adoption of new products and services, or improve the quality of the card member experience, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We may not be able to effectively manage the operational and compliance risks to which we are exposed. Operational risk includes, among others, the risk that employee error or intentional misconduct could result in a material financial misstatement; a failure to monitor a third party's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements; or a failure to adequately monitor and control access to data in our systems we grant to third-party service providers. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing data breaches and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change and as efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Our ability to manage liquidity risk is critical, as we seek to maintain access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities, and contingent sources of liquidity. We seek to maintain liquidity sources, even in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions, in amounts sufficient to meet our expected future financial obligations and our businesses' requirements for liquidity for a period of at least twelve months.