In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others that are more specific to our own businesses. Our businesses and results of operations are affected by the financial markets and general economic, market, political, and social conditions in the U.S. and abroad, including factors such as the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, and consumer spending. Liquidity risk is the potential inability to meet expected or unexpected liquidity needs while continuing to support our business and customer needs under a range of economic conditions. Our primary liquidity risk management objective is to meet all contractual and contingent financial obligations at all times, including during periods of stress. We analyze and monitor our liquidity risk under expected and stressed conditions, maintain excess liquidity, and access diverse funding sources. We evaluate and manage liquidity on a legal entity basis, as there are legal and other limitations on our ability to utilize liquidity from one legal entity to satisfy the liquidity requirements of another. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss, and we seek to identify, measure, monitor, report, and control our exposure to various types of risk, including strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks. We employ a comprehensive approach to risk management with a defined risk framework and an articulated risk appetite statement. The board oversees compliance with safe and sound banking practices and conducts appropriate inquiries of management on risk-related matters. We have developed and maintain contingency plans designed to prepare us in advance to respond to potential adverse outcomes and scenarios. These plans include capital contingency planning, liquidity contingency funding plans, recovery planning, and enterprise resiliency, which provide monitoring, escalation routines, and response plans. We also utilize liquidity stress analysis to assist us in determining the appropriate amounts of excess liquidity to maintain at the parent company and our bank subsidiaries. Our risk framework requires that strong risk management practices are integrated into key strategic, capital, and financial planning processes, ensuring risks are appropriately considered, evaluated, and responded to in a timely manner. The corporation's approach to the management of compliance risk is described in the global compliance - enterprise policy, which outlines the requirements of the corporation's global compliance program. The corporation's operational risk management program addresses the overarching processes for identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling operational risk, and reporting operational risk information to management and the board. We believe that our risk ratings and loss severities currently in use are appropriate and that the probability of alternative scenarios occurring within a short period of time is remote. Our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences is critical to our business. We continuously monitor our balance sheet position to maintain an acceptable level of exposure to interest rate changes. Our risk management framework is dependent on ensuring that a sound risk culture exists throughout the corporation, as well as managing risks associated with third parties and vendors.