Our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The medical device markets in which we primarily participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. We are required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products, apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals, and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. If we fail to develop or acquire new products or enhance existing products, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We may experience declines in market size, average selling prices for our products, medical procedure volumes, and our share of the markets in which we compete, which may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, economic pressures experienced by our customers, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. These and other factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products, or medical procedure volumes. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services, and may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal, and regulatory risks and uncertainties with respect to our international operations that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our international operations are subject to established and developing legal and regulatory requirements for medical devices in each country in which our products are marketed and sold. We cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by regional and national governments globally. However, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products and/or procedures using our products, reduce medical procedure volumes, or increase cost containment pressures on us or others in the healthcare sector could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital, and our people that we believe are important to our long-term success. As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken various restructuring initiatives in order to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. We cannot guarantee that the activities under the 2014 restructuring plan or other restructuring and optimization initiatives that we may undertake in the future will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings. Current domestic and international economic conditions could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Uncertainty about global economic conditions has caused and may continue to cause disruption in the financial markets, including diminished liquidity and credit availability. Our products are continually subject to clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors, or other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable, or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or future prospects.