Citi's full year 2015 results reflected a solid overall performance, with net income of $17.1 billion, the highest since the pre-financial crisis. Citi was able to grow revenues by 3% and make investments in its core Citicorp businesses while reducing overall expenses, thus improving its efficiency ratio. Citi maintained disciplined expense management during 2015, even as it absorbed increased regulatory and compliance costs and made ongoing business investments. The company significantly reduced the assets in Citi Holdings during the year, with a decrease of $55 billion, or 43%, from 2014, while maintaining profitability. Citi achieved these results amid market volatility and uncertainties, including macroeconomic uncertainties and slower global growth. The company expects the operating environment in 2016 to remain challenging, with many uncertainties impacting its results continuing into 2016. Citi intends to continue building on the progress made during 2015 by remaining focused on its execution priorities and target client strategy. The overall strategy is to leverage Citi's global footprint and seek to be the preeminent bank for the emerging affluent and affluent consumers in large urban centers. Citi has exited or is in the process of exiting 20 consumer markets since 2012 and has reduced its branch footprint by 25% to focus its global presence. The company expects to experience modest loan loss reserve builds during 2016 due to overall credit stabilization in its portfolios. Citi's total provisions for credit losses increased 6% from the prior year, reflecting a lower net loan loss reserve release partially offset by lower net credit losses. The net release of allowance for loan losses was $120 million in 2015, compared to a $2.4 billion release in 2014. Citi's tier 1 capital and common equity tier 1 capital ratios were 13.5% and 12.1% as of December 31, 2015, respectively. The company expects its credit costs in Citicorp to likely be higher in 2016 as credit quality has largely stabilized. Citi Holdings' net income was $1.0 billion in 2015, an improvement from a net loss of $3.5 billion in the prior year, primarily reflecting lower expenses and lower credit costs. The overall wind-down of the portfolio and the impact of redemptions of high-cost debt were significant factors in the results. The company expects to have positive net income during 2016, but does not anticipate generating the same level of net income as in 2015 due to significant asset sales and declines in overall Citi Holdings' assets. The net credit losses declined 42%, primarily due to improvements in North America mortgages and overall lower asset levels. The company’s strategic initiatives and resource allocation are aimed at maintaining operational continuity and adapting to external pressures, thereby enhancing organizational resilience in the face of environmental disruptions and uncertainties.