Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile. Historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with, or speculate on, volatility in the U.S. equity markets. However, extreme uncertainties may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure and lower interest rates. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources. We face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain the electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, reliability and speed required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform to remain competitive, and our ability to conduct operations and execute our business strategy could be materially harmed if we experience systems failures or capacity constraints. We are heavily dependent on the capacity, reliability and security of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations. Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and contract volume. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber-attack and other cybersecurity risks. We have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans and established backup sites; however, these measures may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business. The success of our business depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces that have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed to attract and retain customers. Our goal is to design our systems to handle two times our peak historical transactions in our highest volume products. As volumes of transactions grow, the ability of our systems to meet this goal on an ongoing basis depends on our ability to increase our system capacity on a timely basis while maintaining system reliability. We also depend on third-party suppliers and service providers for a number of services that are important, and an interruption or cessation of an important supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our compliance and risk management programs might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. We face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities, including extensive examination and surveillance activity, and our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, review and reporting systems.