Our strategy is to sustainably lower our cost structure and maintain a strong balance sheet and a diverse low cost-of-supply portfolio that can provide the financial flexibility to withstand challenging business cycles. We strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth. Our sustainability efforts in 2015 focused on updating action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water and human rights, as well as revamping public reporting to be more informative, searchable and responsive to common questions. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. Our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change. We also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations. The ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards continue to evolve. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our operations may also be adversely affected by unavailability, interruptions or accidents involving services or infrastructure required to develop, produce, process or transport our production. We have historically relied primarily upon cash generated by our operations to fund our operations and strategy; however, we have also relied from time to time on access to the debt and equity capital markets for funding. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, investor sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with agreements governing our then-outstanding debt. If we are unable to generate sufficient funds from operations or raise additional capital, our growth could be impeded. The energy landscape changed dramatically in the past year. Increased supply caused commodity prices to decline substantially. Our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults under our contracts with, third parties with whom we do business. Market speculation about the credit quality of these counterparties may also exacerbate any operational difficulties or liquidity issues they are experiencing. We have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of which has had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove to be insufficient, we could be adversely affected by having our business systems compromised, our proprietary information altered, lost or stolen, or our business operations disrupted. We are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved health, safety and environmental performance. Our technologies, systems and networks may be subject to cybersecurity breaches. We continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low cost-of-supply assets which strategically fit our development plans. We will continue to evaluate our assets to determine whether they fit our strategic direction and will optimize the portfolio as necessary, directing our capital investments to areas that align with our objectives. The operation of our business requires us to engage in transactions with numerous counterparties operating in a variety of industries, including other companies operating in the oil and gas industry. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. Our management carefully considers these events when evaluating projects or determining the level of activity in such countries. We are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate.