Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, and terrorist acts, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability for which the company is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. Political instability and significant changes in the regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business, as the company's operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. Actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company's businesses or to impose additional taxes or royalties. In addition, changes in national or state environmental regulations could adversely affect the company's current or anticipated future operations and profitability. Continued attention to issues concerning greenhouse gas emissions and climate change could have a material impact on the company's operations and financial results. These and other greenhouse gas emissions-related laws and regulations may result in increased and substantial capital, compliance, operating, and maintenance costs and could reduce demand for hydrocarbons and the company's hydrocarbon-based products. The actual level of expenditure required to comply with new or potential greenhouse gas emissions laws and regulations is difficult to predict with certainty and is expected to vary depending on the actual laws and regulations enacted in a jurisdiction. The ultimate effect of international agreements and national, regional, and state legislation to limit greenhouse gas emissions on the company's financial performance will depend on various factors, including the sectors covered, the greenhouse gas emissions reductions required, and the company's ability to recover the costs incurred through the pricing of its products. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and operational performance, as these estimates are based on management's best estimates and experience and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty.