In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in this report, the most significant factors affecting our operations include changes in U.S., global, or regional economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. A decline in economic activity can adversely affect demand, thus reducing revenue and earnings. Our businesses create entertainment, travel, and consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create and distribute offerings that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments. Changes in technology and consumer consumption patterns may affect demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products, or the cost of producing or distributing products. In order to respond to these developments, we may be required to alter our business models, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully respond to these changes or that the business models we develop will be as profitable as our current business models. A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services, or increase the cost of providing our products and services. Demand for our products and services is highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism, which can be significantly adversely affected by various factors beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, health concerns, international political or military developments, and terrorist attacks. These events may also damage our ability to provide our products and services or to obtain insurance coverage. We derive royalties from sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties, and we are therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. Changes in our business strategy or restructuring may increase our costs or otherwise affect profitability. As changes in our business environment occur, we may need to adjust our business strategies to meet these changes or restructure our operations. External events, including acceptance of our theatrical offerings and changes in macroeconomic conditions, may impair the value of our assets. When these changes or events occur, we may incur costs to change our business strategy and may need to write down the value of assets. We face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers of the products and services we offer. Increased competitive pressures may reduce our revenues or increase our costs. Sustained increases in costs of pension and postretirement medical and other employee health and welfare benefits may reduce our profitability. The company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. The company believes that its financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. However, the company's operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of its control. The company is subject to risks associated with changes in regulations applicable to its businesses, which may impair profitability. Labor disputes may disrupt operations and adversely affect profitability. The seasonality of certain businesses could exacerbate negative impacts on operations.