A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from sales of products to treat HCV and HIV. If we are unable to maintain or continue increasing sales of these products, our results of operations may be adversely affected. We cannot predict whether, and to what extent, our HCV revenues may be adversely affected by competition from these products based on price and/or market share. We continue to experience global pricing pressure which often results in increases in the amount of discounts required on our products or delayed reimbursement, which could negatively impact our future product sales and results of operations. We may not be able to sustain or increase the growth rate of sales of our HCV or HIV products for any number of reasons, including the introduction of new HCV or new or generic HIV products into major markets, which may affect our ability to maintain pricing and market share. Our inability to accurately predict demand for our products, the uptake of new products, or the timing of fluctuations in the inventories maintained by customers makes it difficult for us to accurately forecast sales and may cause our revenues and earnings to fluctuate, which could adversely affect our financial results and our stock price. We face significant competition from large global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms, and generic drug manufacturers. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. Our manufacturing operations are subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies. If we are unable to remedy deficiencies cited by the FDA or if there are additional deficiencies cited by the FDA in future inspections, our currently marketed products and the timing of regulatory approval of products in development could be adversely affected. We may continue to see fluctuations in our earnings and a mismatch between prescription demand for our products and our revenues. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers which may result in fluctuations in our product sales, revenues, and earnings in the future. Our results of operations may be adversely affected by current and potential future healthcare reforms. Legislative and regulatory changes to government prescription drug procurement and reimbursement programs occur relatively frequently in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. We are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure, and data. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Our business partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. We believe that our existing capital resources, supplemented by cash flows generated from our operations, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the commercial performance of our current and future products, the progress and scope of our R&D efforts, and the possibility of acquiring additional manufacturing capabilities or office facilities. We may in the future require additional funding, which could be in the form of proceeds from equity or debt financings. If such funding is required, we cannot guarantee that it will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all.