We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, which can change suddenly and negatively. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate, and unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can lead to significant volatility while negatively impacting client activity. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance, and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes, and other mechanisms. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing, or lending positions with our exposure to potential losses. 

Periods of low volatility and high volatility combined with a lack of liquidity have at times had an unfavorable impact on our market-making businesses. Our revenues and profitability have been and will continue to be impacted by requirements relating to capital, additional loss-absorbing capacity, leverage, minimum liquidity, and long-term funding levels. We are also subject to extensive regulation around the world, and compliance with existing laws and regulations has involved significant amounts of time and resources, which may negatively impact our profitability. 

Despite the resiliency plans and facilities we have in place, our ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which we are located. Disruptions may occur as a result of events that affect only our buildings or systems or those of third parties, or as a result of events with a broader impact globally or regionally. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. 

We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. Our liquidity, profitability, and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets or by a reduction in our credit ratings or an increase in our credit spreads. Our liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability to access funds from our subsidiaries, or unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral. We have a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure, and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite. We conduct regular stress tests to calculate the credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors. 

Our operational risk management framework is designed to minimize exposure to operational risk through training, supervision, and development of our people, as well as proactive communication between our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions. We maintain a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress.