The risks and uncertainties described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. Intense competitive pressures from competitors or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape could affect our prices, margins, or demand for our products and services. Our success depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics, consumer preferences, expectations, and unexpected weather conditions, while also managing appropriate inventory levels and maintaining an excellent customer experience. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We rely extensively on information technology systems to analyze, process, store, manage, and protect transactions and data, and any failure of a key information technology system could adversely affect our business. We have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss, but the ever-evolving threats mean we must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified associates while controlling labor costs is critical, as our customers expect a high level of customer service and product knowledge from our associates. We face growing competition from online and multichannel retailers, which may have a lower cost structure than ours, as our customers increasingly use technology to shop online and compare prices. The implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business. Our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing, residential construction, and home improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions. Adverse conditions in these markets or the economy could adversely impact our customers' confidence or financial condition, causing them to delay purchasing or payment for products and services. We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations that govern numerous aspects of our business, and changes in these laws could increase our costs or impact our operations. Our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in international markets is affected by many risks, including political instability and economic conditions. The risks inherent in international operations also include potential adverse tax consequences and challenges in our ability to identify and gain access to local suppliers. We must continually anticipate and adapt to changes in the purchasing process and customer expectations, and failure to maintain our stores and utilize our store space effectively could adversely affect our relationship with customers and our market share. Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of customers' personal information, and any future significant compromise or breach of our data security could result in additional significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. We believe that our current cash position, access to long-term debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years.