Our business, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition are subject to principal risks and uncertainties that can affect our performance in both the near and long term. Industry and economic conditions may adversely affect the markets and operating conditions of our customers, which in turn can affect demand for our products and services and our results of operations. The operating results of our commercial original equipment and commercial aftermarket business units may be adversely affected by downturns in the global demand for air travel, which impacts new aircraft production or the delay or cancellation of new aircraft orders. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. Our future growth rate depends upon our ability to identify emerging technological trends in our target end-markets, develop and maintain competitive products, and enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate them from those of our competitors. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities and transitions to cost-competitive regions. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution of the planned initiatives and adverse effects on employee morale. We may not realize the full operational or financial benefits we expect, and these actions may potentially disrupt our operations. We are also subject to unusual risks as a supplier of military and other equipment to the U.S. government, including the right of the U.S. government to terminate contracts for convenience and to conduct audits and investigations of our operations and performance. Our operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. We continue to incur remedial response and voluntary clean-up costs for site contamination and are a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety matters. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate these threats. Our operations are also impacted by changes in government regulations, which can have a significant impact on our results of operations. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome of litigation matters, government proceedings, and other contingencies and uncertainties. Our potential liabilities are subject to change over time due to new developments and may become subject to or require payment of damage awards or settlements that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to upgrade our combined portfolio and identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability, or growth potential, which are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring, or other repositioning actions. Our emphasis is primarily on safety of principal and secondarily on maximizing yield of those funds, diversifying our cash and cash equivalents among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities.