If overall demand for IBM's products and solutions decreases, whether due to general economic conditions or a shift in client buying patterns, the company's revenue and profit could be impacted. On an ongoing basis, IBM seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes and functions to remain competitive and to enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. IBM has been moving away from certain segments of the IT industry and into areas in which it can differentiate itself through innovation and by leveraging its investments in R&D. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. As the company expands to capture emerging growth opportunities, it needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The developing nature of emerging growth countries presents potential political, social, legal, and economic risks, which could impact the company's ability to meet its growth objectives and to deliver to its clients around the world. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, although none has had a material adverse effect on the company to date. As the cybersecurity landscape evolves, the company may also find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. The company's business and operations could be impacted by local legal, economic, political, and health conditions, and any widespread outbreak of an illness, pandemic, or other local or global health issue could adversely affect customer demand and the company's operations. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning environmental protection, and it could incur substantial costs if it were to violate or become liable under these laws. The company's financial results are difficult to predict due to factors such as the introduction of new products and services, the length of sales cycles, and the seasonality of technology purchases. The company depends on skilled personnel, and much of its future success depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of these resources. Changing demographics and labor workforce trends may result in a loss of knowledge and skills as experienced workers leave the company. The company's business could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. The company's customers include numerous governmental entities, and funding reductions or delays could adversely impact public sector demand for its products and services. The company is exposed to currency and financing risks that could impact its revenue and business, and it employs a number of strategies to manage these risks. The company's financial performance could be impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions and by customer credit risk on receivables. The company offers its products directly and through a variety of third-party distributors, resellers, and ecosystem partners, and changes in the business condition of these partners could affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances, and dispositions, which present significant challenges and risks relating to integration and the achievement of strategic objectives.