We operate regulated marketplaces for trading and clearing a broad array of derivatives and securities contracts across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, interest rates, equities, equity derivatives, credit derivatives, bonds, and currencies. Our business is currently conducted as a single reportable business segment, and the majority of our identifiable assets are located in the U.S., U.K., continental Europe, Asia, Israel, and Canada. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility, trading activity, or participation in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 44% in 2015. This non-transaction revenue includes data and listings, which will continue to increase as a percent of our total revenue with the addition of interactive data and trayport revenues reflected in our full-year results. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate uncertainties. The business environments in which we operate directly affect our results of operations. Our results have been and will continue to be affected by many factors, including market volatility and the level of trading activity in our markets, which during any period is significantly influenced by general market conditions; legislative and regulatory changes; competition; demand for our data services; our system reliability; our ability to offer new products; our acquisition activities; and the pace of industry consolidation. The implementation of new regulations may impact participation in our markets. Many of the proposed changes regarding global financial reform are still being determined and have yet to be implemented. As this is established, legislative and regulatory actions may change the way we conduct our business and may create uncertainty for market participants, which could affect trading volumes or demand for market data. We expect that all of these factors will continue to impact our businesses. We have also recognized that the maintenance and growth of our revenues could be impacted if we face increased pressure on pricing. Price volatility increases the need to hedge risk and creates demand among market participants for the exchange of risk. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member cash deposits, which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market, and liquidity risks. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments and execute agreements. Our investment objective is to invest in securities that preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. We seek to substantially mitigate credit risk associated with investments by ensuring that these financial assets are placed with governments, well-capitalized financial institutions, and other creditworthy counterparties. The ice clearing houses seek to reduce their exposure through a risk management program that includes initial and ongoing financial standards for clearing member admission and continued membership, original and variation margin requirements, and mandatory deposits to the guaranty fund. We have recorded cash deposits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as current assets with corresponding current liabilities to the clearing members of the relevant ice clearing house. The amounts that the clearing members are required to maintain in the original margin and guaranty fund accounts are determined by standardized parameters established by the risk management departments and reviewed by the risk committees and the boards of directors of each of the ice clearing houses and may fluctuate over time.