JPMorgan Chase maintains a global resiliency and crisis management program that is intended to ensure that the firm has the ability to recover its critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff, technology, and facilities, in the event of a business interruption. While the firm believes that its current resiliency plans are both sufficient and adequate, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to the firm or its customers and clients. Any failures or disruptions of the firm's systems or operations could give rise to losses in service to customers and clients, adversely affect the firm's business and results of operations by subjecting the firm to losses or liability, or require the firm to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption, as well as by exposing the firm to litigation, regulatory fines or penalties, or losses not covered by insurance. The firm's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to the firm. The firm has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which the firm is subject. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to the firm's risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that the firm has not appropriately anticipated or identified. The firm relies on data to aggregate and assess its various risk exposures, and any deficiencies in the quality or effectiveness of the firm's data aggregation and validation procedures could result in ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. The firm's businesses are dependent on the firm's ability to process, record, and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions and to do so on a faster and more frequent basis. The firm's front- and back-office trading systems similarly rely on their access to, and on the functionality of, the operating systems maintained by third parties such as clearing and payment systems, central counterparties, securities exchanges, and data processing and technology companies. If the firm's financial, accounting, trading, or other data processing systems, or the operating systems of third parties on which the firm's businesses are dependent, are unable to meet these increasingly demanding standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, the firm could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges, and clearing houses, and the increased importance of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact the firm's ability to conduct business. The firm is regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious code and viruses, and has experienced several significant distributed denial-of-service attacks from technically sophisticated and well-resourced third parties which were intended to disrupt online banking services. Despite the firm's efforts to ensure the integrity of its systems, it is possible that the firm may not be able to anticipate, detect, or recognize threats to its systems or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types inside or outside the firm. A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the firm's systems or the systems of another market participant could cause serious negative consequences for the firm, including significant disruption of the firm's operations, misappropriation of confidential information of the firm or that of its customers, or damage to computers or systems of the firm and those of its customers and counterparties, and could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to the firm or to its customers, loss of confidence in the firm's security measures, customer dissatisfaction, significant litigation exposure, and harm to the firm's reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the firm.