We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends and adapt our business concept successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, and our market share. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customer expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected by the failure to protect sensitive customer, employee, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information from the threat of cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks are constantly evolving, and high-profile electronic security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years. We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly changing retailing environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, and changing demographics. Positively and effectively managing our public image and reputation is critical to our business success, and any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly. Strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits due to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, IT, and other systems successfully. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transactions is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management. Our financial performance could suffer if we fail to properly improve and maintain our critical information systems or if those systems are seriously disrupted. We must invest in, maintain, and make ongoing improvements to our existing management information systems that support operations. Our liquidity and access to capital rely on efficient, rational, and open capital markets and are dependent on our credit strength. Our inability to access capital markets could negatively affect our business, financial performance, and results of operations. The significant expansion in the use of social media has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity that could be generated by incidents affecting our reputation. We are subject to various laws and regulations that differ substantially in each area where we operate, and changes in existing or new laws could adversely affect our business.