The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability, and as a result, we face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. The industry environment has moved toward an environment characterized by variability across segments and customers, accentuated by consolidation within the industry. Variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, and appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. Future declines in the semiconductor industry and the overall world economic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. Economic downturns can cause material adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition, including a decline in demand for our products or services and challenges maintaining reliable and uninterrupted sources of supply. Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenues, operating results, and earnings. We must continue to invest in research and development and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, including economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industries, the size and timing of orders from customers, and the failure of our suppliers or outsource providers to perform their obligations. We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing facilities, which are concentrated in just a few locations. These locations are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, such as natural or man-made disasters and disruptions of our information technology resources. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping our products, which could result in the loss of business or customer trust. We depend on creating new products and processes and enhancing existing products and processes for our success, and we are subject to risks associated with rapid technological change. Our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. We are subject to risks relating to product concentration and lack of product revenue diversification, as we derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from a limited number of products. Strategic alliances and customer consolidation may have negative effects on our business, as semiconductor manufacturing companies are entering into strategic alliances or consolidating with one another to expedite the development of processes and achieve economies of scale. We also depend on a limited number of key suppliers and outsource providers, and we run the risk that they might not perform as we expect.