The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected. We cannot predict the outcome of governmental investigations, and it is possible that our business could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome of future investigations. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries rely on information systems to help manage business processes, collect and interpret business data, comply with regulatory, financial reporting and tax requirements, engage in marketing and e-commerce activities, collect and store sensitive data and confidential information, and communicate internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers, and others. We have implemented administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, including testing and auditing protocols, backup systems, and business continuity plans, intended to protect our systems and data. However, because the techniques used in cyberattacks and security breaches change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Failure of our systems or service providers' systems to function as intended or cyberattacks or security breaches could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets, or other sensitive data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, reputational harm, and significant costs. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior, or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions. The willingness of adult consumers to purchase premium consumer product brands depends in part on economic conditions. In periods of economic uncertainty, adult consumers may purchase more discount brands, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our tobacco businesses face significant competition and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows of Altria Group, Inc. The variability in pleadings in multiple jurisdictions, together with the actual experience of management in litigating claims, demonstrates that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little relevance to the ultimate outcome. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc. and its tobacco subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc. may not achieve its anticipated strategic or financial objectives. Disruption and uncertainty in the debt capital markets could adversely affect Altria Group, Inc.'s access to the debt capital markets, earnings, and dividend rate. Significant changes in tobacco leaf price, availability, or quality could have an adverse effect on the profitability and business of Altria Group, Inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries. The failure of Altria Group, Inc.'s information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, or other sensitive data, and significant remediation costs.