The company continually takes measures to evaluate, adapt, and improve the organization and its business practices to better meet customer needs and believes that it is well positioned to respond to the evolving health care environment and market forces. The uncertainty in global economic conditions together with austerity measures being taken by certain governments could negatively affect the company's operating results. Global efforts toward health care cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing and market access. The company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business would be adversely affected. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products. The company is often involved in patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or infringement claims against the company, and it aggressively defends its important patents both within and outside the United States. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The company has been taking steps to increase its sales in emerging markets; however, there is no guarantee that the company's efforts to expand sales in these markets will succeed. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure, and a significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The company must continue to launch new products each year to remain competitive, and expected declines in sales of products after the loss of market exclusivity mean that the company's future success is dependent on its pipeline of new products. The company is focused on building product awareness and successfully launching new products, which are subject to substantial risks. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by volatility in foreign exchange rates. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company systems to reduce risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company engages in public policy advocacy with policymakers and continues to work to demonstrate that its medicines provide value to patients and to those who pay for health care. The company believes that the health care industry will continue to be subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action, as future proposals to reform the health care system are considered by Congress and state legislatures. The company has made the decision to discontinue development of certain programs and is seeking to out-license assets, reflecting its ongoing assessment of its pipeline to examine candidates which may provide more value through out-licensing. The company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, with a renewed focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds.