Our risk management and monitoring processes seek to quantify and mitigate risk to more extreme market moves. However, severe market events have historically been difficult to predict and we could realize significant losses if extreme market events were to occur. Despite the business contingency plans we have in place, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to us. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located, which are concentrated in the New York metropolitan area, London, Hong Kong, and Tokyo as well as Mumbai, Budapest, Glasgow, and Baltimore. This may include a disruption involving physical site access, cyber incidents, terrorist activities, disease pandemics, catastrophic events, natural disasters, extreme weather events, electrical, environmental, computer servers, communications or other services we use, our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business. We may incur operational risk across the full scope of our business activities, including revenue-generating activities and support and control groups. We are subject to operational risks, including a failure, breach or other disruption of our operational or security systems, that could adversely affect our businesses or reputation. The interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges, and clearing houses increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets and the move to more automated trading platforms has resulted in using increasingly complex technology that relies on the continued effectiveness of the programming code and integrity of the data to process the trades. We rely on the ability of our employees, our internal systems, and systems at technology centers operated by unaffiliated third parties to process a high volume of transactions. We also face the risk of operational failure or termination of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities transactions. Given our global footprint and the high volume of transactions we process, the large number of clients, partners, and counterparties with which we do business, and the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks, a cyber attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. We expect that any investigation of a cyber attack would be inherently unpredictable and that it would take time before the completion of any investigation and before there is availability of full and reliable information. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by our inability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or our inability to access the secured lending markets. Factors that we cannot control, such as disruption of the financial markets or negative views about the financial services industry generally, including concerns regarding fiscal matters in the U.S. and other geographic areas, could impair our ability to raise funding. Our ability to raise funding could be impaired if investors or lenders develop a negative perception of our long-term or short-term financial prospects due to factors such as an incurrence of large trading losses, a downgrade by the rating agencies, a decline in the level of our business activity, or if regulatory authorities take significant action against us or our industry. The financial services industry faces substantial litigation and is subject to extensive regulatory investigations, and we may face damage to our reputation and legal liability. Our risk management strategies, models, and processes may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk.