We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives in this form 10-K. Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, localized volatility, and political instability. Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage such controls and repatriate earnings from overseas. Additionally, our business, operations, or employees may be affected by political volatility, labor market disruptions, or other crises in individual countries or regions, which could negatively impact our financial condition or results of operations. Uncertain global economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, or reduce our access to credit. We must successfully manage compliance with legislation, regulation, and enforcement, as well as pending legal matters in the U.S. and abroad. Our ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. Successfully executing changes, including effective management transitions at leadership levels of the company and retention of key employees, is critical to our business success. Our organizational structure is comprised of global business units, selling and market operations, global business services, and corporate functions. We are focused on strategies that we believe are right for the long-term health of the company, with the objective of delivering total shareholder return. Innovation has always been, and continues to be, P&G's lifeblood. To consistently win with consumers around the world, each P&G product category needs a full portfolio of innovation, including a mix of commercial programs, product improvements, and game-changing innovations. Our productivity is a core strength for P&G, which creates flexibility to fund our growth efforts, offset cost challenges, and improve operating margins. We have taken significant steps to accelerate productivity and savings across all elements of costs, including cost of goods sold, marketing expense, and non-manufacturing overhead. Our financial projections include cost savings described in our announced productivity plan. We believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and ready access to capital markets at competitive rates. Our operations in Venezuela accounted for less than 2% of consolidated net sales and earnings from continuing operations during fiscal 2015. We continue to work proactively with Venezuelan official agencies to ensure we fully understand and remain compliant as the policies within which our Venezuelan subsidiaries operate evolve. The company has initiated a productivity and cost savings plan to reduce costs and better leverage scale in the areas of supply chain, research and development, marketing, and overheads. The plan was designed to accelerate cost reductions by streamlining management decision-making, manufacturing, and other work processes to fund the company's growth strategy. Our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results. We must also be able to successfully respond to technological advances made by competitors. Failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and adversely impact our results.