The risks described below and in other documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. A continuation or worsening of these conditions could limit our ability to collect our accounts receivable, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. We generally fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs and obtain funding for other general corporate purposes through short-term borrowings backed by our revolving credit facility and other financing facilities. If any of the banks in these credit and financing facilities are unable to perform on their commitments, our cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition could be adversely impacted. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. We also depend on the business of our subsidiaries to satisfy our cash needs. Our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire does not meet our expectations. The success of future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise. Our inability to successfully manage the risks and uncertainties relating to these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, for which compliance could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. We are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently and formerly owned sites, as well as a number of third-party sites, for which our ultimate liability may exceed the current amount we have accrued. We continuously assess our potential liability for investigation and remediation activities and adjust our environmental-related accruals as information becomes available. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. Our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. Adverse weather conditions may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products and could have a negative effect on our sales, earnings, or cash flow. We face substantial competition from many international, national, regional, and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of our paint, coatings, and related products. Competition in any of these areas may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices, and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing, and selling our products. Our ability to protect or enforce our material trademarks and other intellectual property rights could have an adverse effect on our business. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer, employee, supplier, or company information could severely harm our business. We continue to increase our sensitivity and attention to these threats and seek additional investments and resources to address these threats and enhance the security of our facilities and systems. The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection, and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs.