We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships or legal liability. Our ability to continue to operate will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. We rely on third-party providers to provide certain essential services. While we believe that such providers are reliable, we have limited control over the performance of such providers. To the extent any of our third-party providers ceases to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective manner or fail to adequately expand its services to meet our needs and the needs of our customers, we could experience lower revenues and higher costs. We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. The cyber risks we face range from cyber-attacks common to most industries, to more advanced threats that target us because of our prominence in the global marketplace, or due to our ratings of sovereign debt. Measures that we take to avoid or mitigate material incidents can be expensive, and may be insufficient, circumvented, or may become obsolete. Any material incidents could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers, regulatory actions, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. Delays in our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may harm our reputation and result in the loss of customers. We cannot predict with certainty all of the adverse effects that could result from our failure, or the failure of a third party, to efficiently address and resolve these delays and interruptions. A disruption to our operations or infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to complex U.S., European and other local laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations abroad, including trade sanctions laws, anti-corruption laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, anti-bribery laws, anti-money laundering laws, and other financial crimes laws. Although we have implemented internal controls, policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs to deter prohibited practices, such measures may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies and violating applicable laws and regulations. Any determination that we have violated trade sanctions, anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.