This report contains statements referring to us that are not historical facts and are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect the law will have a significant impact upon various aspects of our business operations. We are exposed to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical devices. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation relating to the manufacturing, labeling, and marketing of our products, and if we fail to fully comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we may be subject to a range of sanctions. Our operations are also subject to various risks, including legal and regulatory risks, market risks, and business and operational risks, which could negatively affect our ability to conduct business in affected regions. We may be adversely affected by product liability claims, unfavorable court decisions, or legal settlements, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our ability to issue additional debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected by our debt levels and unfavorable changes in economic conditions. We rely on our ability to develop new products and make improvements to existing products to maintain competitive advantage. Our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every day. We seek to maintain close working relationships with respected physicians and medical personnel who assist in product research and development. Our international operations are subject to additional risks and potential costs, including changes in foreign medical reimbursement policies and unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements. We may be unable to capitalize on previous or future acquisitions, which could result in the need to allocate more resources to integration and product development activities than originally anticipated. We have made investments seeking to address cybersecurity threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training, and security policies for employees and third-party providers. If our IT systems are damaged or cease to function properly, or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive, and business harm. We are currently self-insured for product liability-related claims and expenses, and the ultimate cost could be materially different than the amount of the current estimates. Our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and ready access to capital markets at competitive rates. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs, including recall-related payments, from a variety of sources. We continually evaluate our receivables and believe that our current reserves related to receivables are adequate. We have existing credit facilities should additional funds be required. We perform our annual impairment test for goodwill in the fourth quarter of each year, and significant management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. The ultimate cost to entirely resolve certain matters may be materially different than the amount of the current estimate and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position.