The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. We must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. If we fail to adequately predict our customers' needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. The continued weakness in world economies makes the strength and timing of any economic recovery uncertain, and there can be no assurance that global economic conditions will not deteriorate further. Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products, pending sale. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. Our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. The company expects to issue debt in advance of closing the acquisition of Affymetrix to partially fund the acquisition. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. Our ability to comply with financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations. If we are unable to service our debt, refinance our existing debt, or obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay strategic acquisitions, capital expenditures, or research and development expenditures. We are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations and are subject to regulation by various federal, state, and foreign agencies. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in criminal, civil, and administrative penalties. The company has recorded accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings, environmental, workers' compensation, product, general and auto liabilities, and other claims that arise in the normal course of business. The company does not have the ability to estimate the potential liability from such indemnities because they relate to unknown conditions. However, the company has no reason to believe that these uncertainties would have a material adverse effect on its financial position, annual results of operations, or cash flows. The company has recorded liabilities for known indemnifications included as part of environmental liabilities.