We conduct operations in over 220 countries and territories. The factors that create cyclical changes to the economy and to our business are beyond our control, and it may be difficult for us to adjust our business model to mitigate the impact of these factors. Our business is subject to complex and stringent regulation in the U.S. and internationally. Changes in laws, regulations, and policies and the related interpretations may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. Increased security requirements could impose substantial costs on us, and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach. Severe weather conditions and other natural or manmade disasters could adversely affect our business. Any such event affecting one of our major facilities could result in a significant interruption in or disruption of our business. We require significant capital investments in our business consisting of aircraft, vehicles, technology, facilities, and sorting and other types of equipment to support both our existing business and anticipated growth. We monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates and make use of derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial position and results of operations. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from our international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in international markets. The geographical diversity of our international operations helps ensure that we are not overly reliant on a single region or country. We are continually exposed to changing economic, political, and social developments beyond our control. Our business is affected by levels of industrial production, consumer spending, and retail activity. We face significant competition on a local, regional, national, and international basis. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We have continued to undertake several initiatives to improve the flexibility and capacity in our transportation network, improve yield management, and increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. The continued deployment of technology improvements should increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility, and reliability. We have continued to adjust our air capacity and cost structure in our transportation network to better match the prevailing volume levels. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to these changing trends. We are exposed to the effects of changing prices of energy, including gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel, and interruptions in supplies of these commodities. We mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through our indexed fuel surcharges, and we may also enter into hedging transactions from time to time. If we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges, higher fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. We may face a permanent loss of customers if we are unable to provide uninterrupted service, and this could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations. We have been and may be required in the future to recognize increased depreciation and amortization charges if we determine that the useful lives of our fixed assets or intangible assets are shorter than we originally estimated. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the UPS brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. Service quality issues, actual or perceived, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers to use other companies. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations.