We may be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly global, dynamic, competitive, economic and regulatory environment. For us to remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower and deploy our management and operational resources, and incorporate both global and local perspectives into our decisions and processes. If we fail to do so, we may be unable to expand quickly, and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. In addition, if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, execute our strategy and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes, as needed, we may not be successful in this increasingly global, dynamic, competitive, economic and regulatory environment. We face intense pressures on client pricing. Pressure on client pricing poses challenges for our business. In order to stay competitive, we offer incentives to our clients to increase payments volume, enter new market segments and expand their visa-branded card base. These include up-front cash payments, fee discounts, credits, performance-based incentives, marketing and other support payments. We have continued to increase the use of incentives such as up-front cash payments and fee discounts in many countries, including the U.S. The economic pressures on our clients arising from the Dodd-Frank Act have also increased our use of incentives. As a result, the provision of certain products and services may be less profitable or become unprofitable, which may materially and adversely affect our revenues and profits. We may not succeed in doing so, particularly in the current regulatory environment. The global payments industry is intensely competitive and, as a result, our payment programs compete against all forms of payment. These include cash, checks, electronic, e-commerce, virtual currencies and mobile payments, as well as traditional general-purpose card networks. In addition, our open-loop payments network competes against other alternate payment systems such as closed-loop payment systems. Traditional or nontraditional competitors may put us at a competitive disadvantage by leveraging services or products in areas in which we do not directly compete to win business in areas where we do compete. Our clients can reassess their commitments to us at any time or develop their own competitive services. The Dodd-Frank Act increased this competitive pressure. The risk to maintaining or securing our clients' long-term commitments to our products increased with the Dodd-Frank Act's restrictions on network exclusivity in the debit sector. We do not have exclusivity with our largest clients such as JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America. In certain circumstances, our clients may terminate these relationships on relatively short notice without significant early termination fees. Because a significant portion of our operating revenues is concentrated among our largest clients, the loss of business from any of these clients could have an adverse effect on the company. We may also have to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships or comply with regulations. We depend on our close working relationships with our clients or other third-party processors in these regions to effectively manage the processing of transactions involving visa-branded cards. Our inability to oversee the end-to-end processing for cards carrying our brands in these countries may put us at a competitive disadvantage by limiting our ability to ensure the quality of the services supporting our brands. Our brands and reputation are key assets of our business. The ability to attract and retain account holders and financial institution clients to visa-branded products depends highly upon the external perceptions of our company and our industry's quality of service, use and protection of account holder data, regulatory compliance, financial condition, corporate responsibility and other factors. Negative perception or publicity, particularly in light of the rapid, widespread use of social media channels, could cause damage to our brands and reputation.