The following discussion of risks is designed to highlight important factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. Adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies could impact our results of operations, and unfavorable economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown, could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for our products and services. In difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our network quality, capacity and coverage, pricing of our products and services, quality of customer service, and our development of new and enhanced products and services. If we are not able to adapt to changes and disruptions in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in demand for our services and reduced profits. Our industry is experiencing rapid change, and in order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology and enhance our existing offerings. We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment and services necessary for our operations, and if these suppliers fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be unable to provide products and services as requested by our customers. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, power outages, terrorist attacks, and other events beyond our control, which could cause significant damage to our infrastructure and result in degradation or disruption of service. While we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events, the potential liabilities could exceed our coverage. Our system redundancy may be inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business, causing equipment failures, loss of information, and disruptions to our operations. The inability to operate our networks and systems as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and loss of market share. We are subject to a significant amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements. Adverse changes in the credit markets could increase our borrowing costs and affect our access to financing. We require a significant amount of capital to operate and grow our business, and adverse changes in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. In addition, increases in costs for pension benefits and healthcare benefits may reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments. A significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and we could incur additional costs or experience work stoppages as a result of the renegotiation of our labor contracts. Our dependence on key suppliers may continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology. Changes in the regulatory framework could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations, and we cannot guarantee success in obtaining the licenses needed to carry out our business plan. The further regulation of broadband and wireless activities could restrict our ability to compete in the marketplace and limit the return on our investments.