We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog iii-v based products. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile and cloud platforms. Our portfolio of infrastructure and security software is designed to modernize, optimize, and secure the most complex hybrid environments, enabling scalability, agility, automation, insights, resiliency and security. We seek to achieve this through responsibly financed acquisitions of category-leading businesses and technologies, as well as investing extensively in research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology leadership. This strategy results in a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operating and financial results. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Such revenue is reduced for estimated returns and distributor allowances. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. We have established strong relationships with leading oem customers across multiple target markets. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in fiscal year 2024 as compared to fiscal year 2023. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving credit facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, have varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including the general economic and market conditions in the industries and markets in which we compete. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements primarily arise from business acquisitions and investments we may make from time to time, working capital requirements, research and development and capital expenditure needs, cash dividend payments, interest and principal payments related to our outstanding indebtedness, share repurchases, and payment of income taxes. We may also generate cash from the sale of assets and debt or equity financings from time to time. If we do not have sufficient cash to fund our operations or finance growth opportunities, including acquisitions, or unanticipated capital expenditures, our business and financial condition could suffer.