We are experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of production quality issues, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The current conflict in Israel and the Gaza Strip has the potential to impact certain of our suppliers and has affected some operations for our airline and lessor customers. We are closely monitoring developments, supporting our employees and customers, and will take mitigating actions as appropriate. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics, and increased global environmental regulations. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, reflecting the important role our products and services have in ensuring national security. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, and we leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets. We expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share, which has resulted in intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors. The commercial aircraft market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, and continued access to global markets is vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. Our long-term contracts typically represent a single distinct performance obligation due to the highly interdependent and interrelated nature of the underlying goods and/or services. The estimation of total revenues and costs through completion is complicated and subject to many variables, including inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and supplier performance trends, and business volume assumptions. We expect approximately 30 percent of the worldwide fleet of military aircraft to be retired and replaced over the next ten years, driving increased demand for services to maintain aging aircraft and enhance aircraft capability. We continue to experience production disruptions and inefficiencies due to technical challenges, supplier disruption, and factory performance. These factors have contributed to significant earnings charges on fixed-price development programs and have adversely affected margins and cash flows. We are committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, safety, quality, efficiency, and value to customers around the world. The demand outlook for our commercial services business remains strong as the commercial airline industry has largely recovered and transitions to growth. The overall outlook continues to stabilize as we face uncertainties in the environment in the near- to medium-term, with airlines facing persistently high and volatile costs of fuel and tight labor conditions.