We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, aiming to provide consumers with a best-in-class experience offering the travel choices they want, with tailored language, payment, and other options, seamlessly connecting them with our travel service provider partners. We focus on relentless innovation to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms that aim to exceed the expectations of online consumers. We have a long-term strategy to create an ideal traveler experience, offering our customers relevant options and connections at the times and in the language they want them, making trips booked with us seamless, easy, and valuable. We expect these efforts to benefit our revenue growth over time. We continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. Our businesses outside of the U.S. represent a substantial majority of our financial results, but because we report our results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We generally enter into derivative instruments to minimize the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our investment policy seeks to preserve capital and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet operational and other needs of the business. We believe that expanding service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. However, this results in additional expenses for personnel, payment processing, chargebacks, and other expenses related to these transactions. We have established widely-used and recognized brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our marketing expenses increased year-over-year in 2023 to help drive additional gross bookings and revenues. The competition for technology talent in our industry is intense, and our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent have increased, which has adversely affected our results of operations. We intend to broaden the scope of our business, including exploring strategic alternatives such as acquisitions. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have observed a general improvement in cancellation rates in recent years, though we have seen periods of elevated cancellation rates from time to time. Increases in cancellation rates can negatively impact our marketing efficiency. We have a strategic response to the ongoing challenges posed by external pressures, including regulatory focus on online businesses, which could result in increased compliance costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. We recognize liabilities when we believe that uncertain positions may not be fully sustained upon audit by tax authorities. The determination of whether a loss is probable and whether the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated requires significant judgment and evaluation of all the underlying facts and circumstances. Changes in our assumptions regarding a particular matter or the effectiveness of our strategies related to legal and other proceedings could also have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.