BlackRock's strategy continues to be guided by the company's clients' needs and focus on the long-term, which the company believes better enables it to deliver durable returns for shareholders and create value for all of its stakeholders. The company believes that the strategic re-architecture of the organization to embed its ETF and index expertise across the entire firm will simplify and improve how the company works and delivers for clients. BlackRock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client, and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The planned combination of Global Infrastructure Partners with BlackRock's complementary infrastructure offerings is expected to create a broad global infrastructure franchise with differentiated origination and asset management capabilities. The company believes these dynamics offer clients current cash flow, inflation-protected, long-duration investments. BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. BlackRock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet client needs in all market environments and provide clients with choice in how they seek to achieve their unique financial goals. The company is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index, and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies. BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. Market volatility, growing cost pressures, and complexity in optimizing whole portfolios underscore the need for enterprise operating and risk management technology, and should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock continues to evolve and enable clients to further simplify their operating infrastructure with Aladdin. Clients increasingly want to tailor how they use Aladdin to meet their specific needs, and BlackRock is providing them with choice and flexibility. Investments in Aladdin AI copilots, enhancements in openness supporting ecosystem partnerships, and advancing whole portfolio solutions including private markets and digital assets are expected to further augment the value of using Aladdin. The company believes that the organizational architecture changes that include embedding the ETF and index business across the entire firm will accelerate the growth of ETFs and other investment strategies at BlackRock. The planned acquisition of Global Infrastructure Partners is expected to add meaningful scale and complementary capabilities to BlackRock's infrastructure private markets platform. BlackRock's long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of BlackRock; drive growth in ETFs, private markets, and technology; be the global leader in sustainable investing; and lead as a whole portfolio advisor. The company believes its strategy aligns with expected future client demand and structural growth opportunities in areas including private markets, integrated whole portfolio and outsourced solutions, ETFs, Aladdin technology, and fixed income.