Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are few centralized or integrated business functions. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. To varying degrees, our operating businesses have been impacted by government and private sector actions taken to mitigate the adverse economic effects of the COVID-19 virus and its variants, as well as by the development of global geopolitical conflicts, supply chain disruptions, and government actions to slow inflation. We cannot reliably predict the future economic effects of these events on our businesses. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We currently consider pre-tax incurred losses exceeding $150 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated liabilities of our U.S.-based subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings over the long term in all business categories, except in BHRG's retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. Berkshire's shareholders' equity at December 31, 2023, was $561.3 billion, an increase of $87.8 billion since December 31, 2022. Net earnings attributable to Berkshire shareholders were $96.2 billion and included after-tax investment gains of approximately $58.9 billion. The program is expected to continue indefinitely. We will not repurchase our stock if it reduces the total amount of our consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. Treasury bills holdings to below $30 billion. Financial strength and redundant liquidity will always be of paramount importance at Berkshire. We anticipate that these payments will be funded by operating cash flows. Our diverse group of businesses generated net operating cash flows between $37 billion and $49 billion. We forecast capital expenditures for BHE and BNSF in 2024 of approximately $14.3 billion. Our annual debt maturities for the next five years are summarized in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. We are also obligated to pay claims arising from our property and casualty insurance companies. Such liabilities, including amounts from retroactive reinsurance, were approximately $146 billion at December 31, 2023. However, the timing and amount of the payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts are contingent upon the outcome of future events and can be highly uncertain. We believe that investment gains and losses recorded in earnings in any given period have little analytical or predictive value. The nature, extent, timing, and perceived reliability of loss information received from ceding companies vary widely depending on the type of coverage and the contractual reporting terms. We maintain internal procedures to determine that the information is complete and in compliance with the contract terms.