The results of our individual businesses reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources. We may periodically change our business segments or reclassify business segment results based on modifications to our management reporting methodologies and changes in organizational alignment. Our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies, including funds transfer pricing, to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenues and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. The allocation is unique to each business segment and acquired business and is based on the composition of assets and liabilities. The funds transfer pricing process considers the interest rate and liquidity risk characteristics of assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet products. Periodically, the methodology and assumptions utilized in the funds transfer pricing process are adjusted to reflect economic conditions and other factors, which may impact the allocation of net interest income to the business segments. We regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods. The risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules or regulations can also arise from nonconformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures, contractual obligations or ethical standards that reinforce those laws, rules or regulations. The risk to current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from an obligor's failure to meet the terms of any contract with the company or otherwise perform as agreed is a critical consideration. We maintain an auto securitization program, and underwriting decisions are generally based on an applicant's income, estimated net disposable income, and credit bureau information including FICO scores, along with collateral characteristics such as loan-to-value ratio. Our underwriting criteria are customized for individual products and marketing programs and based on analysis of net present value of expected revenues, expenses and losses, and are subject to maintaining resilience under a variety of stress conditions. The risk that the company will not be able to meet its future financial obligations as they come due, or invest in future asset growth because of an inability to obtain funds at a reasonable price within a reasonable time, is a significant operational concern. The risk of loss, capital impairment, adverse customer experience or reputational impact resulting from failure to comply with policies and procedures, failed internal processes or systems, or from external events underscores the importance of maintaining operational resilience. The risk to market value, recruitment and retention of talented associates and maintenance of a loyal customer base due to negative perceptions of our internal and external constituents regarding our business strategies and activities highlights the need for strategic resilience. We provide an overview of how we manage our seven major categories of risk, including compliance, credit, liquidity, market, operational, reputation, and strategic risks, which are all integral to our organizational resilience and ability to adapt to changing conditions.