2023 was a year of modest economic contraction in our key markets. The combined effect of these dynamics was to produce daily sales growth in 2023 that slowed appreciably from 2022. We continued to migrate to a key accounts-focused model, expand our onsite footprint, grow our installed base of FMI hardware, and lift the proportion of sales that run through our digital footprint. The efficiencies these investments provide and good organizational control of discretionary expenses allowed us to achieve a stable operating profit margin despite the challenges stemming from this slower and less inflationary environment. We also produced record operating cash flow which, combined with our confidence in the future cash generation capability of our business model, allowed us to pay a supplemental fifth dividend in the fourth quarter of 2023. Our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 45.7% in 2023 and 46.1% in 2022. This decrease was primarily related to two factors. First, in 2023 customer and product mix had a negative effect on our gross profit percentage. We continued to experience relatively strong growth from larger customers, including onsites, and non-fastener products, each of which tend to have a lower gross profit percentage than our business as a whole. Second, we had higher organizational/overhead costs, including from higher inbound freight costs and working capital needs being relieved from inventory and generating higher period costs. These negative effects were partly offset by favorable freight costs, which reflects elevated domestic freight revenue leveraging what are relatively stable costs to support our captive fleet, lower expenses related to external freight providers, and lower fuel costs. Organizational support personnel consists of: sales & growth driver support personnel, which includes sourcing, purchasing, supply chain, product development, etc.; information technology personnel; and administrative support personnel, which includes human resources, Fastenal School of Business, accounting and finance, senior management, etc.