We are effecting changes in our business designed to further enhance operational performance in the delivery of our integrated portfolio of products and solutions to our financial institution clients. We continue to allocate resources and assess performance based on the current reportable segment structure. The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce, and real-time payments infrastructure. Business and consumer expectations continue to rise, with a focus on speed, convenience, choice, and security. To meet these expectations, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, expanding the use of data, and enhancing the customer experience. The rapid growth in and globalization of mobile and e-commerce has created an opportunity for merchants to reach consumers nearly anywhere, which often requires a merchant acquiring provider to enable and optimize the acceptance of payments. Merchants are demanding simpler, integrated, and flexible systems to enable them to serve customers and help manage cash flow and everyday business operations. We believe that our merchant acquiring products and solutions create compelling value propositions for merchant clients of all sizes, from small and mid-sized businesses to medium-sized regional businesses to global enterprise merchants. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We actively monitor and manage our business in response to unpredictable geopolitical and market conditions, as they may adversely impact our operations and financial results. Recent market conditions, including rising interest rates, inflation, and disruptions in the global supply chain, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We expect to realign our reportable segments to correspond with these organizational changes, which we expect to be completed effective for the quarter ending March 31, 2024. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services, and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. Our ability to meet future debt covenant requirements will depend on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. We expect to remain in compliance with all terms and conditions associated with our outstanding debt, including financial debt covenants. Our operations are comprised of the merchant acceptance segment, the financial technology segment, and the payments segment. We are focused on driving growth and creating value by assembling a high-performing and diverse team, integrating our solutions, delivering operational excellence, and delivering breakthrough innovation. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We have invested in integrating our platforms and value-added solutions to make it easy for a client to buy across our full product suite. Our focus on driving growth and creating value through operational excellence and strategic initiatives positions us to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs, thereby enhancing our organizational resilience.