Management continues to monitor the activities in corporate and all other to determine the need for further reportable business segment disaggregation. The company believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors and management in understanding the ongoing operations and analysis of ongoing operating trends. The company has implemented mitigation strategies to reduce the impact of supply chain disruptions, including pricing actions, longer-term planning for constrained materials, material supply tracking tools, direct engagement with key suppliers to meet customer demand, and development of new or redesigned products that satisfy product quality controls and engineering qualifications. The company has established cybersecurity and information security awareness training programs for employees, and formal training on topics relating to the company's cybersecurity, data privacy, and information security policies and procedures is mandatory for all employees with access to the company's network. Honeywell's cybersecurity risk management program is a key component of its overall risk management program, designed to assess, identify, manage, and govern material risks from cybersecurity threats. The company maintains oversight of its cybersecurity risk management program via a corporate structure that includes a cybersecurity disclosure committee, a security governance council, the audit committee, and the board. Honeywell's board is responsible for cybersecurity risk oversight and has delegated such oversight to the audit committee, which regularly reports to the board on information technology and cybersecurity matters. The company has a comprehensive cybersecurity and information security risk management program that includes risk assessment and mitigation through a threat intelligence-driven approach, application controls, and security monitoring. Honeywell has implemented short-term and long-term strategies to reduce the impact of current and future supply chain disruptions, including pricing actions, longer-term planning for constrained materials, and direct engagement with key suppliers to meet customer demand. The company recognizes liabilities for any contingency that is probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable, and continually assesses the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes in such matters. The company has established a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. The company continues to monitor the geopolitical environment and the evolving international and domestic political, regulatory, and economic landscape, including the potential for changes in global trade policies, which can impair its flexibility in modifying product, marketing, pricing, or other strategies for growing its businesses. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign government requirements relating to the protection of the environment and believes that its policies, practices, and procedures are properly designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and personal injury. The company has a significant focus on maintaining operational flexibility and resilience in the face of environmental perturbations and external pressures.