Our business has been impacted positively and negatively by global economic conditions. We continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates, the inflationary environment, geopolitical events, and military conflicts, including repercussions from the conflicts in Ukraine, Israel, and Gaza, and the impact that any of the foregoing may have on the global economy and on our business. Throughout 2023, we have closely monitored the creditworthiness of our counterparties and investment agents during the recent banking sector events. We did not suffer any material negative impact from the banking sector events that occurred in early 2023. In light of the current and expected macroeconomic environment, we will continue to closely monitor creditworthiness of our counterparties, clearing members, and our financial service providers and take risk management measures in line with established risk management frameworks. Our business environment has been characterized by growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation, commodity, interest rate, inflation rate, and financial markets volatility and uncertainty, and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 52% in 2023. Many of the data products we sell and services we provide are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. Our mortgage technology business is intended to enable greater workflow efficiency and mitigate risks for customers throughout the mortgage life cycle. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to help ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. Our closing solutions connect key participants, such as lenders, title and settlement agents, and individual county recorders, to digitize the closing and recording process. Our servicing software revenues include integrated mortgage servicing solutions, which help automate all areas of the servicing process, from loan boarding to final payment or default, to help lower costs, reduce risk, and improve financial performance. We also provide solutions that provide consumers with access to customized, timely information about their mortgages and allow our clients' customer service representatives to access the same customer information, which is key to increasing borrower retention. Our data offerings include near real-time industry and peer benchmarking tools, which provide originators a granular view into the real-time trends of the U.S. residential mortgage market, as well as credit and prepayment models, custom and proprietary analytics, valuation, and MLS solutions. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integration of acquisitions, and other investments.