Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries have approximately 131,900 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture, and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. The company's strength in healthcare innovation empowers it to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. The company is uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow. A critical driver of the company's success is the diversity of its employees, who are empowered and inspired to lead with the company's credo and purpose as guides. This allows every employee to use the company's reach and size to advance its purpose and to lead with agility and urgency. Leveraging the extensive resources across the enterprise enables the company to innovate and execute with excellence, ensuring that it can remain focused on addressing the unmet needs of society every day and invest for an enduring impact. The company has invested $15.1 billion in research and development, reflecting its commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships that will profoundly impact health for humanity. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research, and the development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the company's product portfolio, is important to the company's success. The company continues to monitor economic conditions and take appropriate actions in response to significant challenges in certain countries, striving to maintain profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements, and periodic price increases. In 2023, the company recorded a charge related to operations in Argentina due to the application of highly inflationary accounting, but this did not have a material impact on the company's results. The company has also taken steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any additional investment in Russia in response to the ongoing conflict, while continuing to supply products relied upon by patients for healthcare purposes. The company faces various worldwide healthcare changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures, including healthcare cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions, pricing, and reimbursement of healthcare products. The company operates in an environment increasingly hostile to intellectual property rights, facing challenges from firms filing abbreviated new drug applications or biosimilar biological product applications. Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability, intellectual property, and other matters, and the company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred. The company believes that the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in its balance sheet, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial position, although the resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and cash flows for that period.