Management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative medicines. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of potential new medicines and indications. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, including the introduction of new products and indications, which can lead to delays in product launches and lost market opportunities. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. We expect to continue to experience disruptions in our supply of incretin products, and we have implemented actions to manage demand amid tight supply. We have faced challenges meeting strong demand for our incretin products and have experienced intermittent delays in fulfilling certain orders. The increase in revenue in 2023 was primarily driven by sales of Mounjaro®, Verzenio®, and Jardiance®, as well as the sales of the rights for the olanzapine portfolio, partially offset by the absence of revenue from COVID-19 antibodies. We anticipate tight supplies of our incretin products will persist while additional manufacturing capacity is operationalized. We view our business development activity as a way to enhance or refine our pipeline and strengthen our business. The introduction of new products and indications, business development activities, and commercialization of our products are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. We may also fail to allocate research and development resources efficiently or fail to pursue or invest sufficiently in product candidates or indications that may have been successful. We expect additional significant products will be selected for government-set prices, which would have the effect of accelerating revenue erosion prior to the expiry of exclusivities. The effect of reducing prices and reimbursement for certain of our products would significantly impact our business and consolidated results of operations. We have implemented measures to minimize the impact on existing patients amid tight supply. The risks and uncertainties involved in the research and development process make it difficult to predict revenue growth rates or variability in demand for new products and indications. We have engaged in litigation and investigations related to pricing, product safety, and other matters that could negatively impact our business. We believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements. We are making investments in new facilities to manufacture existing and future products, which will result in higher capital expenditures over the next several years. We have entered into various agreements for contract manufacturing and for supply of materials, which could require us to pay significant amounts if we do not purchase specified amounts of goods or services. Our operations are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, currency values, and fair values of equity securities, and we seek to address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management. We recognize the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The nature of our business requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products, and we cannot reliably estimate the future potential revenue that will be generated from any successful research and development project.