In this MD&A section, we discuss factors that have impacted our business, including the cumulative effects of inflation, geopolitical events, recent regulatory actions, supply chain disruptions, and illegal flavored disposable e-vapor products and their effects or potential effects on our business. We continue to monitor the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes. We will continue to monitor the effect of these dynamics on adult tobacco consumer purchase behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases, and adoption of smoke-free products. We expect discretionary income pressures to continue to influence adult tobacco consumers' purchase behaviors in 2024. We continue to work to mitigate the potential negative impacts of these macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics on our businesses through proactive engagement with current and potential suppliers and distributors, the development of alternative sourcing strategies, entry into long-term supply contracts, and prudent oversight of our liquidity. The trends and developments discussed above have not had a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements, but we continue to monitor these trends and developments and potential financial impacts. We do not believe that these trends and developments have materially impacted our ability to achieve our vision. As the trends and developments discussed above evolve and new ones emerge, we will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business, investments, and vision. Volatility in domestic and global economies and disruptions in the supply and distribution chains are expected to continue, resulting from several factors, including supply and demand imbalances across many commodity sectors, raw materials availability, and geopolitical events. We remain committed to maintaining our leadership position in the U.S. tobacco space while investing behind innovative smoke-free products. We aim to deliver a mid-single digits adjusted diluted EPS compounded annual growth rate in 2028 and a progressive dividend goal targeting mid-single digits dividend per share growth annually through 2028. Our strategic initiatives include growing U.S. smoke-free volumes by at least 35% from our 2022 base and competing internationally in top innovative oral tobacco markets. We have a majority-owned joint venture for the U.S. marketing and commercialization of HTS products and have the exclusive U.S. commercialization rights to the IQOS system and Marlboro Heatsticks through April 2024. We continue to observe discretionary income pressures on adult tobacco consumers as a result of inflation and higher consumer debt levels, which have contributed to higher than expected domestic cigarette industry volume declines. We are aware of and address certain trends and developments that could have a material impact on our business, including the value of our investments in equity securities. We continue to monitor these conditions as they could affect our equity earnings and dividends that we receive from ABI and the fair value of our investment in ABI. We will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business as we navigate these challenges and opportunities.