Our competitive position has been harmed, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed in the long term, if there are further changes in the US government's export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the US government has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region, new and existing export controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively impact our business. We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 3,700 employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Our operating expenses in fiscal year 2024 include expenses for financial support to impacted employees and charitable activity. We believe our global supply chain for our networking products has not experienced any significant impact. Further, in connection with the conflict, a substantial number of our employees in the region have been called up for active military duty in Israel. Accordingly, some of our employees in Israel have been absent for an extended period and they or others may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We did not experience any significant impact or expense to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or create other uncertainty for our business. The increased frequency of these transitions may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand due to manufacturing lead times. Qualification time for new products, customers anticipating product transitions, and channel partners reducing channel inventory of prior architectures ahead of new product introductions can create reductions or volatility in our revenue. The increasing frequency and complexity of newly introduced products could result in quality or production issues that could increase inventory provisions, warranty or other costs or result in product delays. Deployment of new products to customers creates additional challenges due to the complexity of our technologies, which has impacted and may in the future impact the timing of customer purchases or otherwise impact our demand. While we have managed prior product transitions and have previously sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult, may impair our ability to predict demand and impact our supply mix, and we may incur additional costs. We build technology and introduce products for new and innovative use cases and applications. Our demand estimates for new use cases, applications, and services can be incorrect and create volatility in our revenue or supply levels, and we may not be able to generate significant revenue from these use cases, applications, and services. We build finished products and maintain inventory in advance of anticipated demand. While we have entered into long-term supply and capacity commitments, we may not be able to secure sufficient commitments for capacity to address our business needs, or our long-term demand expectations may change. These risks may increase as we shorten our product development cycles, enter new lines of business, or integrate new suppliers or components into our supply chain, creating additional supply chain complexity. We may incur inventory provisions or impairments if our inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines.