We provide products and services that address enterprise information technology (IT) environments. Our products and services include enterprise applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models. These models include on-premise, cloud-based, and hybrid deployments. Accordingly, we offer choice and flexibility to our customers and facilitate the product, service, and deployment combinations that best suit their needs. Our cloud and license business, which represented a significant portion of our total revenues, markets, sells, and delivers a broad spectrum of enterprise applications and infrastructure technologies. Customer demand for our applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through our Oracle cloud services has increased, and we have introduced programs for customers to pivot their applications and infrastructure licenses to the Oracle cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the Oracle cloud for their existing workloads. The proportion of our cloud services revenues relative to our total revenues has increased, and we expect this trend to continue. Our cloud and license business' revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic and business conditions, customer satisfaction with our offerings, and our ability to manage Oracle cloud capacity requirements to meet existing and prospective customer demand. We believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business' total revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development and our cloud operations to develop, improve, increase the capacity of, and expand the geographic footprint of our cloud and license products and services. Our hardware business provides a broad selection of enterprise hardware products and hardware-related software products. The revenues for this combined performance obligation are generally recognized at the point in time that the hardware product and its related software are delivered to the customer. The majority of our hardware products are sold through indirect channels, including independent distributors and value-added resellers. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy, as we believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. We are involved in various claims and legal proceedings, and we assess our potential financial exposure. Our management approved, committed to, and initiated the 2022 restructuring plan to improve efficiencies in our operations. We may incur additional restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with existing restructuring plans. The majority of the initiatives undertaken by our restructuring plan were implemented to develop, market, sell, and deliver our cloud-based offerings. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, and our revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligations requirements. We recognize that stock-based awards dilute existing stockholders and have sought to control the number of stock-based awards granted while providing competitive compensation packages. Our stock repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed, or discontinued at any time, depending on various factors, including our working capital needs and economic conditions.