In 2023, we managed our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of two operating segments: biopharma and business innovation, with biopharma being the only reportable segment. Our ability to fulfill our purpose remains a core focus, underscoring our commitment to addressing the needs of society to help sustain long-term value creation for all stakeholders. We continually seek to expand and broaden our product portfolio offerings through prioritized development of our pipeline and business development opportunities targeted at critical unmet patient needs. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we began steps through our transforming to a more focused company restructuring program to optimize our end-to-end R&D operations to reduce costs and cycle times while further prioritizing our internal R&D portfolio in areas where our capabilities are differentiated. We expect to generate approximately $1 billion of annual cost synergies from our acquisition of Seagen, focusing on achieving an appropriate cost structure for the combined company. We launched a multi-year, enterprise-wide cost realignment program that aims to realign our costs with our longer-term revenue expectations. Our R&D efforts seek to add value to existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and discovering potential new indications, which is critical to our success. We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, viewing business development activity as an enabler of our strategies. Our operational flexibility is essential in responding to external pressures, including the impact of the July 2023 tornado that damaged our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, North Carolina, which is a key producer of sterile injectables. While manufacturing has resumed, the supply of medicines impacted by the tornado is expected to be affected through 2024. We continue to monitor and implement mitigation strategies to reduce potential risks, including active supplier management and qualification of additional suppliers. The global economic environment presents challenges that may impact our operations, including currency and interest rate fluctuations, local and global economic conditions, and geopolitical instability. We are closely monitoring the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, evaluating potential impacts to our business and operations. Our historically robust operating cash flow is a key strength of our liquidity and capital resources, and we focus efforts to optimize operating cash flows through achieving working capital efficiencies. We maintain a conservative approach to our financial investments and monitoring of our liquidity position in response to market changes. Our capital allocation framework is primarily devised to enhance shareholder value, focusing on growing our dividend, reinvesting in the business, and making share repurchases after de-leveraging our balance sheet. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and resilience in the face of adversity, ensuring our ability to adapt and respond effectively to environmental disruptions while striving for performance maintenance and organizational effectiveness.