We are evolving our portfolio for the long term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. Since 2008, we have invested $12.5 billion to develop, scientifically substantiate and commercialize innovative smoke-free products for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, with the goal of completely ending the sale of cigarettes. This investment includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. The swedish match acquisition is a key milestone in pmi's transformation to becoming a smoke-free company. By joining forces with swedish match, we expect to accelerate the achievement of our joint smoke-free ambitions, switching more adults who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes to better alternatives faster than either company could achieve separately. Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 175 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. We have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. Smoke-free products is the term we primarily use to refer to all of our products that are not combustible tobacco products, such as heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and oral nicotine. In addition, smoke-free products include wellness and healthcare products, as well as consumer accessories such as lighters and matches. We are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. Our rrps are smoke-free products that contain and/or generate far lower quantities of harmful and potentially harmful constituents than found in cigarette smoke. In 2021, we laid the foundation for our long-term growth ambitions beyond nicotine in wellness and healthcare, including the milestone acquisitions of vectura group plc and fertin pharma, which provide essential capabilities for future product development. Our main priority remains the safety and security of our employees and their families in the country. We continue commercial activities in select locations where safety allows, in order to provide product availability and service to adult consumers, and supply the market from production centers outside ukraine, as well as through a contract manufacturing arrangement. Production at our factory in kharkiv remains suspended. On June 20, 2023, we announced the investment of $30 million in a new production facility in the lviv region, in western ukraine. Preparatory work for the facility began in July 2023 and production is expected to commence in the first quarter of 2024. We are continuously assessing the evolving situation in russia, including regulatory constraints in the market that entail very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities. These developments have and will continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023, increased by $3.4 billion, or 10.7%, from the comparable 2022 amount, driven by the impact of the swedish match acquisition and favorable pricing variance. The increase was partly offset by lower fees for certain distribution rights billed to customers in certain markets and a charge to net revenues in 2023 following the termination of a distribution arrangement in the middle east.