The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles, which has resulted in fluctuations in revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products. The weakness in the macroeconomic environment negatively impacted consumer demand for smartphones and other devices that incorporate our products and technologies, contributing to elevated inventory levels and uncertainties in estimating future customer demand. We expect to continue to see product cost increases from certain of our key semiconductor wafer suppliers and anticipate that certain customers will continue to draw down on their inventory, which will have a negative impact on our revenues, results of operations, and cash flows. Given the continued uncertainty in the macroeconomic and demand environment, we have initiated certain restructuring actions to enable investments in key growth and diversification opportunities, which we anticipate will be substantially completed in the first half of fiscal 2024. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in technology development, standardization, and intellectual property creation to sustain and grow our business long term. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments regarding the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. We face difficulties in evaluating or estimating likely outcomes or the amount of possible loss in certain legal and regulatory proceedings, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our cash flows from operations will be adversely affected due to significantly higher cash tax payments resulting from changes in tax laws requiring us to capitalize and amortize domestic and foreign research and development expenditures. We monitor our investments for events or circumstances that could indicate impairment, including those that result from observable price adjustments, and we assess the investee's financial and liquidity position and business forecasts. We measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value, considering judgments and estimates related to future customer demand and other market conditions, which have been negatively impacted by the macroeconomic environment. The estimated fair values of our reporting units were substantially in excess of their respective carrying values, indicating resilience in our organizational capabilities despite external pressures. We expect continued intense competition and regulatory scrutiny, which may affect our strategic initiatives and operational flexibility.