We are a provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics, and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity, and automotive markets. Our operations consist of five businesses, and we seek to deliver an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. In 2024, we are striving to deliver on our strategic priorities, including meeting or exceeding our organic revenue growth and EBITDA margin targets, driving growth and superior shareholder returns through effective execution, active portfolio management, and prudent capital allocation. Our strategy includes enhancing customer support and seamless user experience, continuing to invest in customer-facing solutions and processes, and prioritizing key strategic relationships to drive enterprise alignment and account development. We are committed to risk management, compliance, and control across S&P Global, strengthening the security and resiliency of business-critical systems through the elimination of known risk areas vulnerable to threat actor exploitation. The digital operational resilience act in the EU will impose operational resilience and cybersecurity standards and obligations, which may require technology and organizational investment. Our financial position remains strong, with cash flows expected to be sufficient to meet operating and recurring cash needs. We continuously evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to revenue recognition, business combinations, and risk management, to ensure effective operational management and adaptability to changing conditions. Our joint venture, Osttra, provides trade processing and risk mitigation operations, intended to increase operating efficiencies and enhance platforms and services for OTC markets. We recognize the importance of maintaining operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions. The merger with IHS Markit has significantly impacted our revenue growth, and we are focused on strengthening data management capabilities for cross-enterprise value creation, ensuring data quality through governance, enhanced architecture, and policy codification. Our commitment to organizational resilience is reflected in our focus on learning, development, and career opportunities for our people, as well as our ongoing efforts to embed our purpose and values throughout the company. We recognize that the legal and regulatory environment is evolving, and we are prepared to confront these challenges while seeking to benefit from sudden disruptive changes to survive and flourish. Our operational continuity strategies include resource allocation and management, which are critical for maintaining performance under pressure and ensuring organizational effectiveness. We are dedicated to fostering a culture of collaboration and innovation, enabling us to adapt to complex situations and anticipate future demands, thereby enhancing our organizational capabilities and resilience in a turbulent market environment.