Our strategy to maximize long-term free cash flow per share growth has three elements: a great business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products and built around four sustainable competitive advantages. The four sustainable competitive advantages are powerful in combination and provide tangible benefits: a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology that provides lower costs and greater control of our supply chain; a broad portfolio of analog and embedded processing products that offers more opportunity per customer and more value for our investments; the reach of our market channels that gives access to more customers and more of their design projects, leading to the opportunity to sell more of our products into each design and gives us better insight and knowledge of customer needs; and diversity and longevity of our products, markets, and customer positions that provide less single point dependency and longer returns on our investments. Together, these competitive advantages help position the company in a unique class of companies capable of generating and returning significant amounts of cash for our owners. We make our investments with an eye towards long-term strengthening and leveraging of these advantages. We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets the company apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation, and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products. We sell our products into six end markets: industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment, enterprise systems, and other. While all of these end markets represent good opportunities, we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling our products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best long-term growth opportunities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our cash flow from operations underscored the strength of our business model, the quality of our product portfolio, and the benefit of production. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. As we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity planning, our capital expenditures are expected to continue to be higher than historical levels. We expect to receive the cash benefit associated with the investment tax credit for qualifying capital expenditures in future periods, and we have submitted applications for the manufacturing grants provided by the legislation. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. Additional sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and access to debt markets. We also have a variable-rate, revolving credit facility. We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability, and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance. We consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the United States and other tax jurisdictions based on an estimate of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. Actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates and calculations used to determine valuation allowances due to changes in customer demand, customer negotiations, technology shifts, and other factors.