The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable operating segment. We initiated changes to our safety program that focused on training, culture, and refreshing how teams communicate and look out for each other. An analysis of historical injury data identified a large portion of our reportable injuries involve a failure to comply with a small number of critical operating rules. These critical rules are the foundation of our new program that is being implemented. We continued to refine our proprietary software called precision train builder to evaluate train and route characteristics to enable proactive intervention by our operating practices command center to prevent derailments. The software allows the team to simulate in-train forces to avoid train handling that would generate forces greater than tolerance limits. These efforts helped to drive our reportable derailment incident rate per million train miles down 6% year-over-year. We deployed additional locomotives and aggressively hired train, engine, and yard employees to alleviate operational challenges. Despite the challenges, we continued to focus on using our resources effectively and productively, resulting in sequential improvement in many of our operating metrics. We plan to improve the safety culture through our courage to care program, which includes actions such as finding and eliminating risk and improving the safety of the work environment. Our operating practices command center will help position us to implement predictive technology to reduce variability by seeking to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions. We will utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk, detect rail defects, and improve or close crossings. Operating a safe railroad benefits all our stakeholders while protecting the environment for future generations. We are committed to delivering the service we sold to our customers and will engage with them to understand how we win together. To provide our customers with the service we sold, we must run a fluid network. Network fluidity enables us to effectively utilize all our resources and provides the capacity to respond in an ever-changing environment. We will continue to transform our railroad to further improve our service product, improve resource utilization, and lower our overall cost structure. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.4 billion, down 8% from 2023, and will continue to make investments to support our growth strategy, harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resiliency of the network. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity, analyzing a wide range of economic scenarios and their impact on our ability to generate cash. We believe we have sufficient borrowing capacity to sustain an extended period of lower volumes. We generate strong cash from operations and maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility. Deterioration of our operating results or financial condition due to internal or external factors could negatively impact our ability to access capital markets as a source of liquidity. We continue to take steps and explore opportunities to reduce our operational impact on the environment, including improving our operational fluidity to increase fuel efficiency and modernizing locomotives for improved reliability and fuel consumption. We are taking an iterative approach in our business planning processes as risk factors, solutions, and technology develop.