During fiscal 2023, certain U.S. banks failed, which caused volatility in the global financial markets; however, these events did not have an impact on our operating results. We continuously monitor and manage balance sheet and operational risks from clients in our portfolio, including their settlement obligations. The continuing effects of the liquidity issues at certain financial institutions and the war in Ukraine are difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact on our business. Our net revenues increased primarily due to year-over-year growth in nominal cross-border volume, processed transactions, and nominal payments volume, despite the impact of our suspension of operations in Russia. We have established policies and control procedures which seek to ensure that estimates and assumptions are appropriately governed and applied consistently from period to period. Our judgments are subjective and based on a number of factors, including management's understanding of the legal or regulatory profile and the specifics of each proceeding. We maintain and regularly review global settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment. Our investment portfolio is designed to invest cash in securities which enables us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs. We will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions. However, if current market conditions deteriorate, the liquidity of our investment portfolio may be impacted and we could determine that some of our investments are impaired, which could adversely impact our financial results. We have entered into long-term incentive agreements with financial institution clients, merchants, and other business partners for various programs that provide cash and other incentives designed to increase revenue by growing payments volume, increasing Visa product acceptance, winning merchant routing transactions over to our network, and driving innovation. The amount of client incentives we record in future periods will vary based on changes in performance expectations, actual client performance, amendments to existing contracts, or the execution of new contracts. Our operating expenses increased primarily due to a higher number of employees and compensation, reflecting our strategy to invest in future growth, including acquisitions. We recorded additional accruals to address claims associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions, and other relevant circumstances. We expect to continue paying quarterly dividends in cash, subject to approval by the board of directors. Our share repurchase program had remaining authorized funds of $5.0 billion, and we expect to execute share repurchases at prices we deem appropriate, subject to various factors, including market conditions and our financial performance. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact of external pressures on our business, including the ongoing strength and quality of credit markets. The cumulative impact of a revision in estimates is recorded in the period such revisions become probable and estimable. We have established a U.S. litigation escrow account from which monetary liabilities from settlements of, or judgments in, the U.S. covered litigation will be payable. Our judgments may be materially different than the actual outcomes, which could have material adverse effects on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations in the period in which the effect becomes probable and reasonably estimable.