Arista Networks pioneered data-driven, cognitive cloud networking for large-scale data center and campus workspace environments. Our cloud networking solutions consist of our extensible operating system ("eos"), a set of network applications, and our ethernet switching and routing platforms. We are a leader in cloud networking solutions delivering high performance, scalability, availability, programmability, workload orchestration, automation, and visibility. We believe that cloud computing represents a fundamental shift from traditional legacy network architectures. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to address increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. The markets for cloud networking solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology, changing end-customer needs, evolving industry standards, frequent introductions of new products and services, and industry consolidation. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the enterprise data center switching and campus workspace markets. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our eos software and enhancements to eos. The programmability of eos has allowed us to expand our software applications to address the ever-increasing demands of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, analytics, and network detection and response, and has further allowed us to integrate rapidly with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our eos software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and continue to invest in our technology. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, marketing, trade shows, and other promotional activities, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide. Our cloud networking solutions have been delivered to over 8,000 end customers worldwide, spanning a range of industries including large internet companies, service providers, financial services organizations, government agencies, and media and entertainment companies. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our ability to rapidly develop new features and applications. We work closely with third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our products. Our contract manufacturers deliver our products to our third-party direct fulfillment facilities, where we perform labeling, final configuration, quality assurance testing, and shipment to our customers. The global coronavirus pandemic continues to disrupt and have unpredictable impacts on our global society, economies, financial markets, and business activities, affecting our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame. We continue to invest in working capital to address delays in component sourcing and the risk of future supply chain disruptions.