We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We are also focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. The commercial airplane market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive. This market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years. We continue to transform and improve our business processes. These activities are not intended to constrain our capacity but to enable the company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable; government services comprises approximately half of Boeing Global Services revenue, which is unchanged from pre-pandemic levels. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. These measures and disruptions have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We continue to expect that it will remain uneven as travel restrictions and varying regional travel protocols continue to impact air travel. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines. We will maintain a disciplined rate management process and make adjustments as appropriate in the future. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization, and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. The shock from COVID-19 has reduced the near- to medium-term demand, but our commercial market outlook forecast projects a 4% growth rate for passenger and cargo traffic over a 20-year period. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics, and increased global environmental regulations. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness. We are continuing to see a direct impact on our commercial supply chain business as fewer flights and more aircraft parked result in a decreased demand for our parts and logistics offerings. We expect a multi-year recovery period for the commercial services business. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, 787 production issues, and associated rework, and residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding are having a significant negative impact on our liquidity and ongoing operations and creating significant uncertainty. We have and are continuing to take significant actions to manage and preserve our liquidity. We anticipate that these revolving credit lines will remain undrawn and primarily serve as backup liquidity to support our general corporate borrowing needs. We expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets. The determination of the accounting quantity is limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates of the revenue and cost of existing and anticipated contracts. The estimation of total sales and costs through completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Changes in these estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the performance obligation's inception to date revenues, cost of sales, and profit in the period in which such changes are made.