We connect consumers who wish to make travel reservations with travel service providers around the world through our online platforms. We continue to increase the collaboration, cooperation, and interdependency among our brands to provide consumers with the most comprehensive services. As part of our strategy to provide more payment options to consumers and travel service providers, we are increasingly processing transactions on a merchant basis, which allows us to process transactions for travel service providers and to increase our ability to offer secure and flexible transaction terms to consumers. We believe that adding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. Our marketing efficiency, expressed as marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings, and performance marketing returns on investment are impacted by various factors, including our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers. We rely on our marketing channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our platforms. Our global average daily rates increased in 2021 due in part to changes in the geographical mix of our business driven primarily by stronger room night performance in North America. We are constantly innovating to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. As part of these ongoing efforts, we have a long-term strategy to build a more integrated offering of multiple elements of travel connected by a payment platform, which we refer to as the "connected trip." We expect these efforts to increase room night growth and revenue growth over time. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, outsourced data center and cloud computing costs, and payments to contractors. Information technology expenses increased in 2021 compared to 2020 due to increased payments to contractors and software license fees, some of which relate to cybersecurity and data privacy. The competition for technology talent in our industry has intensified, which could continue in the future due to an actual or perceived slower pace of recovery of the travel industry as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic than other industries. As a result of the highly competitive labor market, our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent are increasing, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to compete, or our future growth prospects. We expect to see higher than pre-COVID-19 pandemic growth rates until we return to the level of travel market demand that we observed prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, after which we expect prior trends to generally resume.