We are a leading global provider of payments and financial services technology solutions. Our operations are comprised of the merchant acceptance segment, the financial technology segment, and the payments segment. The acceptance segment provides a wide range of commerce-enabling solutions to merchants of all sizes and types around the world, including POS merchant acquiring and digital commerce services, mobile payment services, and security and fraud protection products. The fintech segment provides financial institutions with technology solutions that enable them to process customer deposit and loan accounts and manage general ledger and central information files. Our businesses in this segment also provide products and services to corporate clients to facilitate the management of financial processes and transactions. The payments segment primarily provides financial institutions and corporate clients with the products and services required to process digital payment transactions, including card transactions and a range of network services. The majority of our revenue is generated from recurring account- and transaction-based fees under multi-year contracts with high renewal rates, which are necessary for our clients to operate their businesses and are, therefore, non-discretionary in nature.

We frequently review our portfolio to ensure we have the necessary business assets to execute our strategy, expecting to acquire businesses when we identify a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service, or technology that helps meet client demand. The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce, and innovation in real-time payments infrastructure. To meet rising business and consumer expectations, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, expanding the use of data, and enhancing the customer experience. 

Financial institutions are increasingly investing significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in a rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We expect to benefit from the trend of financial institutions moving from in-house technology to outsourced solutions as they seek to remain current on technology changes. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact of consolidation in the financial services industry. 

We aspire to move money and information in a way that moves the world by delivering superior value for our clients through leading technology, targeted innovation, and excellence in everything we do. Our long-term priorities include enhancing client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions, delivering innovation and integration that enables differentiated value for our clients, and achieving integration value from acquisitions. We have achieved significant cost synergies from the integration of First Data, enhancing our operational efficiency and supporting our strategic resource allocation. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty regarding global economic and market conditions, impacting consumer and business spending. However, we believe we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements for funds to conduct our operations. Our ability to continue to service debt and meet lease and other obligations as they come due depends on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows.