We continue to invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures, including significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus across Google services, Google Cloud, and other bets. We expect to continue to invest in information technology assets, which includes servers and network equipment, to support the long-term growth of our business. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which includes investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including machine learning, and data center land and building construction. The increase in other cost of revenues from 2020 to 2021 was driven by increases in content acquisition costs primarily for YouTube, data center and other operations costs, and hardware costs. We are focused on expanding our products and services to stay in front of trends in user behavior and advertising as the digital economy evolves. Our users are accessing the internet via diverse devices and modalities, and we are increasingly generating advertising revenues from different channels, including mobile and newer advertising formats. The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception. We continue to expand our product offerings to serve changing user needs, which may affect our monetization. As users in developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue to increase, and we are investing heavily to develop localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to these markets. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. Our acquisition of Fitbit is expected to help spur innovation in wearable devices. The increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by headcount growth, increases in advertising and promotional expenses, and charges related to legal matters. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations, and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our capital expenditures were $24.6 billion, primarily reflecting investments in technical infrastructure. We have entered into leases that have not yet commenced, with future short-term and long-term lease payments that are not yet recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. We have a short-term debt financing program of up to $10.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper, which is used for general corporate purposes. The provision for income taxes includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. We evaluate uncertain tax positions periodically, considering changes in facts and circumstances, such as new regulations or recent judicial opinions.