Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. To remain competitive and continue to grow, we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We have implemented additional security measures and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures. In August 2020, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions that support and benefit our overall platform. Our total service and other revenue was $7.9 billion or 82% of our total revenue in fiscal 2021 and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. The acquisition of Credit Karma contributed $865 million to total revenue in fiscal 2021. Our small business & self-employed segment revenue increased 16% primarily due to growth in our online ecosystem revenue. Our consumer segment revenue increased 14% primarily due to a shift in mix to our higher priced offerings including TurboTax Live and growth in TurboTax federal units. Segment operating income for Credit Karma includes all direct expenses related to selling and marketing, product development, and general and administrative, which is different from our other reportable segments. Unallocated corporate items for all segments include share-based compensation, amortization of acquired technology, amortization of other acquired intangible assets, and goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges. We are subject to certain legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise in the normal course of our business. Our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits and effective settlement of audit issues. We believe that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in our accounting policies have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we expect the seasonality of our consumer and proconnect businesses to continue to have a significant impact on our quarterly financial results in the future. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these kinds of opportunities. We monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing the credit facility. We believe that our financial resources will allow us to manage any impact of COVID-19 on our business operations for the foreseeable future, which could include potential reductions in revenue and delays in payments from customers and partners.