In 2021, we continued to focus on our main revenue growth priorities, including helping marketers use our products to connect with consumers where they are and making our ads more relevant and effective. Our advertising revenue growth in the second half of 2021 was adversely affected by reduced marketer spending due to limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the iOS operating system. We expect that future advertising revenue growth will continue to be adversely affected by these and other limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. Our business and results of operations have also been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused business slowdowns or shutdowns in certain affected countries and regions. We anticipate that additional investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and office facilities will continue to drive expense growth in 2022. We expect 2022 capital expenditures to be in the range of $29-34 billion and total expenses to be in the range of $90-95 billion. Trends in our family metrics affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, and the volume of payments transactions. Our calculations of daily active people and monthly active people rely upon complex techniques, algorithms, and machine learning models that seek to estimate the underlying number of unique people using our products. We believe that free cash flow is one of the key financial indicators of our business performance over the long term and provides useful information regarding how cash provided by operating activities compares to the property and equipment investments required to maintain and grow our business. We plan to continue to hire software engineers and other technical employees and increase our investment to support our research and development initiatives in our family of products and in reality labs. Our research and development expenses increased primarily due to an increase in payroll and related expenses as a result of a 30% growth in employee headcount in engineering and other technical functions. The increase in costs associated with our data centers and technical infrastructure was a significant factor in our overall expenses. We have not recorded any material impairment charges during the years presented, and we anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $29 billion to $34 billion in 2022. Our effective tax rate in the future will depend upon the proportion between various items and income before provision for income taxes, including tax effects from share-based compensation and tax effects of integrating intellectual property from acquisitions. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations, and we believe that our available funds and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs and fund our share repurchase program for at least the next 12 months.