Management believes that the accounting policies are critical in the portrayal of financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. We expect to receive $900 million of proceeds from the sale of our Lehi facility to TI in the first quarter of 2022. Our investments consist primarily of bank deposits, money market funds, and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, which are diversified among industries and individual issuers. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. Our overall gross margin percentage increased to 38% for 2021 from 31% for 2020, primarily due to the increases in DRAM average selling prices and cost reductions resulting from strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies. The revision in estimated useful lives reduced NAND manufacturing depreciation expense and benefited cost of goods sold by approximately $400 million for 2020. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies, and significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment based on technology node transitions, capital spending, and equipment re-use rates. The estimate of future cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require significant judgment by us, including future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets, future selling prices for our products, and future production and sales volumes. Our effective tax rate decreased in 2021 as compared to 2020 primarily as a result of a $104 million tax benefit recorded for the discrete $435 million charge to write down the Lehi assets held for sale to the estimated consideration to be realized from the sale of these assets, less expected selling costs. We are also required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires the assessment of our performance and other relevant factors. Our income tax provision or benefit is dependent, in part, on our ability to forecast future taxable income in Japan, the United States, and other jurisdictions. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We estimate capital expenditures in 2022 for property, plant, and equipment, net of partner contributions, to be between $11 billion and $12 billion, and we expect the timing of our capital expenditures to be weighted more toward the first half of 2022. Our investments consist primarily of bank deposits, money market funds, and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, which are diversified among industries and individual issuers. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies, and significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss.