Servicenow was founded on a simple premise: a better technology platform will help work flow better. The company's purpose is to make the world work better for everyone. We help global enterprises across industries, universities, and governments to digitize their workflows. The Now platform enables us to connect systems, silos, departments, and processes with digital workflows that are simple and easy to use. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the Now platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their employees and consumers. We are increasingly focused on deploying our internal professional services organization as a strategic resource and relying on our partner ecosystem to contract directly with customers for implementation services delivery. Our subscription revenues consist of fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service for both self-hosted offerings and cloud-based subscription offerings, and related standard and enhanced support and updates, if any, to the subscription service during the subscription term. Our contracts with customers typically include a fixed amount of consideration and are generally non-cancelable and without any refund-type provisions. The cost of subscription revenues consists primarily of expenses related to hosting our services and providing support to our customers, including data center capacity costs, which include colocation costs associated with our data centers as well as interconnectivity between data centers, depreciation related to our infrastructure hardware equipment dedicated for customer use, and IT services. We categorize the workflows we provide into four primary areas: IT, employee, customer, and creator. The products under each of our workflows are helping customers connect work across systems and silos to enable great experiences for people. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2022, to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. Our customer count is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, spin-offs, and other market activity; accordingly, we restate previously disclosed number of customers with annual contract value greater than $1 million calculations to allow for comparability. We believe information regarding the total number of customers with annual contract value greater than $1 million provides useful information to investors because it is an indicator of our growing customer base and demonstrates the value customers are receiving from the Now platform. We have generated positive operating cash flows over the last ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy, and we expect to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations during 2022. Our capital expenditures are typically under cancellable arrangements primarily used to support the installed base and growth of our hosted business. We have also issued long-term debt to finance our business. Our free cash flows, together with our other sources of liquidity, are available to service our liabilities as well as our cancellable and non-cancellable arrangements. We anticipate cash flows generated from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. The Now platform is uniquely positioned to enable our customers' digital transformation from non-integrated enterprise technology solutions with manual and disconnected processes and activities to integrated enterprise technology solutions with automation and connected processes and activities. The extent and continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business will depend on certain developments including the duration and spread of the outbreak and new variant strains of the virus; the availability and distribution of effective vaccines; the severity of the economic decline attributable to the pandemic and timing, nature, and sustainability of economic recovery; and government responses, including vaccination or testing mandates, all of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable.