We empower enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure all users, applications, data, networks, clouds, and devices with comprehensive visibility and context continuously across all locations. Our portfolio offers advanced prevention and security, while reducing the total cost of ownership for organizations by improving operational efficiency and eliminating the need for siloed point products. We continue to invest in innovation and acquire businesses as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our portfolio and support offerings within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs, and we expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. We expect operating expenses generally to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We have instituted a global work-from-home policy, which has been modified to provide employees with the choice to work in certain of our offices when and as they feel comfortable, and limited employee travel. We continue to monitor the situation regarding COVID-19, which may curtail our end-customers' spending and could lead them to delay or defer purchasing decisions, and lengthen sales cycles and payment terms, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and overall financial performance. Our focus remains on the safety of our employees, and we strive to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, in part, by providing technology to our employees, end-customers, and partners to help them do their best work while remote. We expect our revenue to vary from quarter to quarter based on seasonal and cyclical factors. Our contractual subscription and support contracts are typically one to five years. We recognize revenue from subscriptions and support over time as the services are performed. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings.