In fiscal 2021, we completed the acquisition of Nuvia for $1.1 billion, which includes certain in-process technologies and a technology design team with expertise in high-performance processors and power management for compute-intensive devices and applications. Upon completion of development, Nuvia's technologies are expected to be integrated into certain Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT) products. We believe it is important to remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products to sustain and grow our business long term. Our business may be impacted by increased demand across handset, radio frequency front-end (RFFE), automotive, and Internet of Things (IoT) revenue streams. We have entered into several multi-year capacity purchase commitments with suppliers of our integrated circuit products to secure future supply, which is expected to allow us to realize benefits from increased demand for integrated circuit products. Our research and development costs are expected to increase due to investments towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments regarding the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments. The competitive landscape is characterized by intense competition, particularly in China, and current U.S./China trade relations may negatively impact our business and growth prospects. We expect commercial 5G network deployments and device launches to continue, which will drive adoption of technologies commonly used in smartphones by industries beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. Our QCT segment's revenues consist primarily of equipment and services revenues, which were significantly impacted by the recovery from the negative effects of COVID-19. The increase in QCT revenues in fiscal 2021 was primarily due to higher handset revenues driven by increased demand for 5G products. Additionally, our Qualcomm Technology Licensing (QTL) segment saw an increase in licensing revenues due to a recovery from the negative impacts of COVID-19 and favorable OEM mix. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio, or pursue new businesses. Our liquidity is supported by existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. We expect our cash flow generated from operations and financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. Our purchase obligations primarily relate to commitments with suppliers of our integrated circuit products, including those under multi-year capacity commitments. We expect an increase in operating cash outflows as we make payments under these commitments and enter into additional agreements with suppliers. The overall net effect on our operating results from changes in inventory estimates was not material, and we continue to monitor our investments for events that could indicate impairment. We face various legal and regulatory proceedings that may impact our business model and operations, and we continually assess the likelihood and amount of potential adjustments related to these matters.