The company mobilized in early 2020 to support the COVID-19 pandemic response with products and services that help analyze, diagnose, and protect from the virus. During 2021, the life sciences solutions and specialty diagnostics segments, as well as the laboratory products business, continued to support COVID-19 diagnostic testing, scaling and evolving their molecular diagnostics solutions and plastic consumables businesses to respond to the ongoing pandemic. The acquisition of Mesa Biotech, a U.S.-based molecular diagnostic company, enables the company to accelerate the availability of reliable and accurate advanced molecular diagnostics at the point of care. The addition of PPD's clinical research services enhances the offering to biotech and pharma customers by enabling them to accelerate innovation and increase their productivity within the drug development process. The company continues to execute its proven growth strategy, which consists of developing high-impact, innovative new products, leveraging scale in high-growth and emerging markets, and delivering a unique value proposition to customers. Strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, and research and development projects. The company references productivity improvements, which generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its practical process improvement business system, including reduced costs resulting from implementing continuous improvement methodologies and global sourcing initiatives. The increase in segment revenues at existing businesses in 2021 was driven by a combination of increased demand for testing to diagnose COVID-19 with higher sales of biosciences products and strong demand in each of the segment's businesses. The company evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits, and the increase in segment income margin was primarily due to profit on higher sales and sales mix, offset in part by strategic growth investments. The company’s references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms. The company’s ability to generate free cash flow has enabled it to access the capital markets, deploying capital primarily via mergers and acquisitions. The company expects its existing cash and cash equivalents and future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement, will be sufficient to meet cash requirements for the foreseeable future. The company’s management believes that the most complex and sensitive judgments result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain, including acquisition-related measurements and income taxes. The company’s operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are critical in navigating market dynamics and achieving competitive advantage. The company’s investments in technology infrastructure and capabilities are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business transformation. The company’s strategic alignment with market needs and customer demands is reflected in its ongoing commitment to innovation and the development of high-impact products and services.