Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We are increasingly focused on products and services based on artificial intelligence, robotics, and automation. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity, and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. We are focused on ramping all of our production vehicles to their installed production capacities as well as increasing capacity at our current factories. Our current production continues to be affected by industry-wide semiconductor and other component shortages, requiring additional workaround manufacturing and production design solutions to be implemented which may be difficult to sustain. Our cost reduction efforts and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles' affordability. We will also continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles' performance and functionality, including through products based on artificial intelligence such as autopilot and FSD, and other software features. We must work constantly to prevent our vehicle delivery capability from becoming a bottleneck on our total deliveries. We remain focused on increasing the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. We continue to improve our installation capabilities and price efficiencies for solar roof by onboarding and training new installers, as well as collaborating with real estate developers and builders on new homes to reduce installation time and costs. We expect our capital expenditures to support our projects globally to be between $5.00 to $7.00 billion in 2022 and each of the next two fiscal years. Our business has recently been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also facilitating positive cash generation. We expect to continue to generate net positive operating cash flow as we have done in the last four fiscal years. The cash we generate from our core operations enables us to fund ongoing operations and production, our research and development projects for new products and technologies including our proprietary battery cells, additional manufacturing ramps at existing manufacturing facilities, and the continued expansion of our retail and service locations. We continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business. We believe that our current sources of funds will provide us with adequate liquidity during the 12-month period following December 31, 2021, as well as in the long term. Our operating cash inflows include cash from vehicle sales and related servicing, customer lease payments, and cash from sales of regulatory credits and energy generation and storage products. Our operating expenses relative to revenues are expected to decrease as we continue to increase operational efficiency and process automation. We expect operating expenses to grow in 2022 as we are expanding our operations globally. The increase in our operating expenses is primarily due to an increase in employee and labor-related expenses from increased headcount and increased payroll taxes due to our higher average share price.