The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We analyze the net financial results of the railroad as one segment due to the integrated nature of the rail network. Our results during 2021 continued to be impacted by the effects of COVID, notably supply chain issues in the automotive industry due to semiconductor chip shortages and congestion in several parts of the intermodal supply chain. These disruptions limited our revenue growth by slowing asset turns and increasing costs through lower freight car velocity and multiple container handlings that impeded our operating efficiency. In 2022, we will continue transforming our railroad to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. We will continue to make capital investments to improve operational performance and efficiency. Our initiatives will be informed by recommendations identified in the third-party assessment of the effectiveness of our safety program. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety utilizing technology, risk assessments, training, employee engagement, quality control, and targeted capital investments. We expect to generate strong cash flow from operating activities allowing us to continue our industry-leading dividend payout ratio and strong share repurchase programs. Our capital plan in 2022 is expected to be approximately $3.3 billion, up 10% from 2021 as we make investments to support our growth strategy. We will continue to harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resilience of the network. The plan includes targeted freight car acquisitions, investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, continuous modernization of our locomotive fleet, and projects intended to improve operational efficiency. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity, and we analyze a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is also dependent on our financial stability. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through increasing the utilization of our receivables facility, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. Our operating ratio of 57.2% was an all-time record and improved 2.7 points compared to 2020, mainly driven by core pricing gains, productivity initiatives, and positive mix of traffic. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. Our technology initiatives are designed to enhance operational efficiency and improve service product reliability. We will continue to adapt to protect the safety of our employees, customers, and the communities we serve, focusing on reducing risk and eliminating incidents. The health and wellbeing of our employees was a focal point in 2021 as we navigated the continuously changing environment due to COVID. We have and are continuing to adapt to protect the safety of our employees, our customers, and the communities we serve.