We are a global market leader in design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented by Boeing Capital. These core businesses have historically generated substantial earnings and cash flow that permit us to invest in new products and services. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. Our strategy also benefits us as the cyclicality of commercial and defense markets sometimes offsets. We continue to monitor political unrest involving Russia and Ukraine, where we and some of our suppliers source titanium products. To date, we have not experienced any significant disruptions to production or deliveries. However, should suppliers or customers experience disruption, our production and/or deliveries could be materially impacted. The commercial jet airplane market remains extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to gain market share, increasing pressures on airfares and costs. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. We continue to leverage our extensive customer support services network, which enhances our ability to pursue pricing strategies that enable us to price competitively. The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and skilled labor. Meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards can be costly and technologically challenging. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve program profitability is subject to significant risks. Changes in estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments, which could adversely affect financial performance. The U.S. government defense environment remains uncertain due to budgetary reductions and potential future cuts, which could impact our operations, financial position, and cash flows. We are also involved with various environmental remediation activities and have recorded a liability related to these activities. We have substantial borrowing capacity and anticipate that we will not be required to fund a significant portion of our financing commitments. However, there can be no assurances that we will not be required to fund greater amounts than historically required. We continue to implement mitigation plans and cost-reduction efforts to improve program profitability and address risks associated with our programs. Our business environment is influenced by complex and evolving security challenges, requiring us to adapt and respond effectively to maintain operational continuity and resilience. The need for effective risk management and strategic adaptation is critical in navigating the uncertainties of the market and ensuring organizational survival and success.