Our mission is to help people experience the world, which we seek to achieve by providing consumers, travel service providers, and restaurants with worldwide leadership in online reservation and related services. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services. Factors beyond our control, such as worldwide recession, oil prices, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather or natural disasters, travel-related health concerns, political instability, and regional hostilities, can disrupt travel or otherwise result in declines in travel demand. These events or concerns are largely unpredictable, and they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior by consumers, and therefore demand for our services. We have experienced volatility in transaction growth rates, increased cancellation rates, and weaker trends in hotel average daily rates across many regions of the world, particularly in those countries that appear to be most affected by economic uncertainties. Our international business represents a substantial majority of our financial results, and we expect our operating results and other financial metrics to continue to be largely driven by international performance. The size of the travel market outside of the United States is substantially greater than that within the United States. However, international consumers are increasingly moving to online means for purchasing travel. We believe these trends and factors have enabled us to become the leading online accommodation reservation service provider in the world. We believe that the opportunity to continue to grow our business exists for the markets in which we operate. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our performance and brand advertising expenses have increased significantly in recent years, a trend we expect to continue. We intend to continue a strategy of promoting brand awareness through both online and offline advertising efforts. We have observed increased brand advertising by online travel companies, meta-search services, and travel service providers, particularly in North America and Europe, which may make our brand advertising efforts more expensive and less effective. We have also experienced increasing cancellation rates, which we expect to continue and which negatively affects our advertising efficiency and results of operations. The uncertain and highly competitive environment in which we operate makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult, and accordingly, we may not be able to sustain gross profit growth and profitability. We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. Our international business is particularly fragmented compared to that in the United States, where the hotel market is dominated by large hotel chains. We believe online reservation systems like ours may be more appealing to small chains and independent hotels more commonly found outside of the United States. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. We have observed a long-term trend of decreasing performance advertising returns on investment, a trend we expect to continue, though the rate of decrease may fluctuate and there may be periods of stable or increasing returns from time to time. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of our major brands. We believe that strong execution by our brand teams to add accommodations to our websites, advertise our brands to consumers, and provide a continuously improving experience for customers will support our performance under pressure and enhance our organizational resilience.