For over three decades, minimally invasive surgery (MIS) has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. The da Vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of MIS to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of conventional MIS. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of motion of MIS instruments in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for those products and targeted procedures where da Vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of these procedure categories. The adoption of da Vinci surgery has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives, within the prevailing economics of healthcare providers. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future. We expect that our OUS procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term. The growth in our overall procedure volume in 2016 was driven by growth in U.S. general surgery procedures and worldwide urologic procedures. We believe growth in these global markets is being driven by increased acceptance among surgeons and health systems, supported by expanded global evidence validating the clinical and economic value of da Vinci procedures. Our ability to utilize lower-cost refurbished endoscopes to meet service needs may vary period to period. As our installed base of da Vinci Xi surgical systems increases, we will need to expand our service pool with new endoscopes, which is expected to result in higher field replacement costs. We anticipate that we will invest up to $80 million more in 2017 in strategic areas to advance several key product development innovations in research, development, and clinical investment. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. Our business model generates revenue from both the initial capital sales of da Vinci surgical systems and from subsequent sales of instruments, accessories, and service, as recurring revenue. The growth of recurring revenue and its increasing proportion of total revenue largely reflect continued procedure adoption on a growing base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems has grown to approximately 3,919 at December 31, 2016. We believe our leasing program has been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand it based on customer demand. Our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is critical for survival and growth. The concept of resilience draws attention to systems as well as individuals, to partial maintenance of integrity and performance, and to disturbances that vary both in scale and source. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and adapting our strategies to meet evolving market demands and external pressures.