Throughout 2016, we remained committed to our key priorities including differentiating ourselves with better customer experiences and improving our product and service offering for the pro customer. We continued to enhance our omni-channel experiences, driving customer engagement by delivering convenience, inspiration, expertise, and efficiency across the most relevant moments of the customer's project journey. Our customer experience design work is rooted in research around customers' expectations and how they think about home improvement projects. By providing an integrated assortment of products, inspiring and intuitive presentation and display, and optimal service components across all selling channels, we are able to provide better customer experiences that differentiate us in the marketplace. We remained committed to building upon our strong foundation with the pro customer by continuing to advance our product and service offerings to meet their unique needs. We enhanced features and functionality of lowesforpros.com, which provides an e-commerce platform where the pro customer can develop requisition lists, access purchase history, create custom catalogs, and simplify online ordering, saving time and allowing them to run their business more efficiently. We continued to enhance our omni-channel capabilities during the year. We upgraded the lowes.com shopping experience with improved product content and search functionality inclusive of upgrades such as refined search algorithms, expanded content recommendations, improved click-to-chat capabilities, larger images, and expanded product views, and video content. We have built an array of tools to help our customers visualize their projects and bring them to life, displaying project ideas on various platforms. During 2016, we completed the national rollout of our interior project specialist program, which is a critical element of our omni-channel strategy, representing a differentiated capability in capturing and serving customers' interior and exterior project demand. Looking forward, we are focused on three strategic objectives to drive value for our customers and shareholders. First, we are dedicated to expanding the reach of home improvement and driving profitable share gains. Second, we are further adapting to an evolving customer, developing capabilities to anticipate and support their needs. Finally, we are committed to generating long-term profitable growth and substantial returns for shareholders. By enhancing our operating discipline and focus, we are making productivity a core strength for Lowe's. This commitment will drive focus and prioritization, allowing for investment in future capabilities to grow the business, maintain our leadership position, and drive value for shareholders. We believe that net cash provided by operating and financing activities will be adequate not only for our operating requirements but also for investments in our existing stores and distribution facilities, investments in information technology, expansion plans, acquisitions, if any, and to return cash to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases over the next 12 months. Our fiscal 2017 capital forecast is approximately $1.4 billion, with investments in our existing stores expected to account for approximately 40% of net cash outflow. Our expansion plans are expected to account for approximately 35% of planned net cash outflow. We have an ongoing share repurchase program, and we expect to repurchase shares totaling $3.5 billion through purchases made from time to time in accordance with SEC regulations. We remain focused on enhancing customer relevance, expanding customer reach, and driving increased profitability while eliminating unnecessary costs.