Much of our focus in fiscal year 2016 was toward transforming our organization to support our strategy of building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for a mobile-first, cloud-first world. We achieved product development milestones, implemented organizational changes, and made strategic and tactical moves to support our central ambitions. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We hire a mix of university and industry talent worldwide. The investments we are making in devices and infrastructure will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We expect to report the financial performance of LinkedIn as part of our productivity and business processes segment. In June 2015, we announced a change in organizational structure to align to our strategic direction as a productivity and platform company. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, our chief operating decision maker requested changes in the information that he regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. We have recast certain previously reported amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor segment performance. The market for software, devices, and cloud-based services is dynamic and highly competitive. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. As a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies throughout fiscal year 2015, and continuing into fiscal year 2016, negatively impacted reported revenue and reduced reported expenses from our international operations. Our revenue historically has fluctuated quarterly and has generally been highest in the second quarter of our fiscal year due to corporate calendar year-end spending trends in our major markets and holiday season spending by consumers. We expect to continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. We have operating leases for most U.S. and international sales and support offices and certain equipment. We expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. We have borrowed funds domestically and continue to believe we have the ability to do so at reasonable interest rates. We also continue to be subject to examination by the IRS for tax years 2010 to 2016. Our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 was 15% and 34%, respectively. The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. Our annual goodwill impairment test indicated that the carrying value of our previous phone hardware reporting unit goodwill exceeded its estimated fair value. We evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.