In the fourth quarter of 2016, we initiated a restructure plan in response to the current business environment and the need to accelerate focus on our key priorities in which we expect to save approximately $80 million per quarter in 2017. The savings are expected to result from a combination of a more focused set of projects and programs, the permanent closure of a number of open headcount requisitions, workforce reductions in certain areas of the business, and other non-headcount related spending reductions. Our management's discussion and analysis is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. To develop new product and process technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and research and development. We estimate that net cash expenditures in 2017 for property, plant, and equipment will be approximately $4.8 billion to $5.2 billion, which reflects the offset of amounts we expect to be funded by our partners. The actual amounts for 2017 will vary depending on market conditions. Our overall gross margin percentage declined to 20% for 2016 from 32% for 2015 primarily due to declines in the gross margin percentages for various segments, as decreases in average selling prices outpaced manufacturing cost reductions. We have a full valuation allowance for our net deferred tax asset associated with our U.S. operations. Management continues to evaluate future projected financial performance to determine whether such performance is sufficient evidence to support a reduction in or reversal of the valuation allowance. Our investments consist primarily of liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. An accrual is made when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. We revised the estimated useful lives of equipment in our DRAM wafer fabrication facilities from five to seven years in the fourth quarter of 2016. The effect of the revision was not material, and we expect this change will reduce depreciation costs by approximately $100 million per quarter in future periods. Our cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. We recognize our share of earnings or losses from equity method investments generally on a two-month lag. Our equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees included the following: our equity in net income (loss) of Inotera declined for 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily due to declines in average selling prices and cost of transitioning to the next technology node. We must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D to support future growth and achieve operational efficiencies. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.