Servicenow is a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions that define, structure, manage, and automate services for global enterprises. Our mission is to help our customers improve service levels and reduce costs while scaling and automating their businesses. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. We believe investors should consider our non-GAAP financial measures in evaluating our results as they are indicative of our ongoing performance and reflect how management evaluates our operational results and trends. Our subscription revenues consist of fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service, related support, and upgrades during the subscription term. We typically invoice our customers for subscription fees in annual increments upon execution of the initial contract or subsequent renewal. Our contracts are generally non-cancelable during the subscription term, though a customer can terminate for breach if we materially fail to perform. We expect subscription revenues to grow in absolute dollars and as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to add new customers and upsell to existing customers. Our international operations have provided and will continue to provide a significant portion of our total revenues. The general strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other major foreign currencies has had an unfavorable impact on our revenues. We expect our cost of subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollar terms as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase the number of users within our customer instances, but we expect such increase to be at a slower rate than the increase in our subscription revenue, leading to a slight increase in our subscription gross profit percentage. We have historically experienced seasonality in terms of when we enter into customer agreements for our services, with a significantly higher percentage of agreements signed in the quarter ended December 31. This seasonality is reflected in our revenues due to the timing of entering into customer contracts. Our operating expenses have increased over the periods presented primarily due to increases in headcount and other related expenses to support our growth. We anticipate operating expenses will continue to increase in future periods as we focus on investing in the long-term growth of our business. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations. We anticipate our current cash and cash equivalents balance and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. If we require additional capital resources to grow our business at any time in the future, we may seek to finance our operations from the current funds available or seek additional equity or debt financing. We recognize compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock units on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. We evaluate the recoverability of goodwill for impairment at least annually during our fourth quarter or more frequently if circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. We periodically review the carrying amounts of long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. We have not recognized any impairment charges related to goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 because the aggregate fair value of our company has consistently and materially exceeded the carrying value of our single reporting unit. We continue to maintain a full valuation allowance on our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets, and the significant components of the tax expense recorded are current cash taxes in various jurisdictions.