We provide our cloud and on-premise offerings to over 400,000 worldwide customers via deployment models that best suit their needs. Our integrated Oracle Cloud offerings are designed to be rapidly deployable to enable customers shorter time to innovation; easily maintainable to reduce integration and testing work; connectable among differing deployment models to enable interchangeability and extendibility between cloud and on-premise IT environments; and compatible to easily move workloads between on-premise IT environments and the Oracle Cloud. We focus our development efforts on improving the performance, security, operation, and integration of these differing technologies to make them more cost-effective and easier to deploy, manage, and maintain for our customers and to improve their computing performance relative to our competitors. Our commitment to industry standards results in software offerings that work in customer environments with Oracle or non-Oracle hardware or software components and that can be adapted to meet specific industry or business needs. We believe the comprehensiveness and breadth of our SaaS, PaaS, and on-premise software offerings provide greater benefit to our customers and differentiate us from many of our competitors that offer more limited or specialized software offerings. We enable customers to evolve and transform to substantially any IT environment at whatever pace is most appropriate for them. Our cloud software and on-premise software segment engages in the sale, marketing, and delivery of our cloud software offerings, including our cloud SaaS and PaaS offerings, and the licensing of our software for on-premise IT environments. Our cloud IaaS segment provides infrastructure cloud services that are enterprise-grade, hosted, and supported within the Oracle Cloud to perform elastic compute, storage, and networking services on a subscription basis. Our cloud IaaS segment also offers Oracle managed cloud services, which are comprehensive software and hardware management and maintenance services for customer IT infrastructure. We focus the engineering of our products and services to best connect these different deployment models to enable flexibility, ease, agility, compatibility, extensibility, and seamlessness. We strive to renew cloud SaaS and PaaS contracts and hardware support contracts. Our acquisitions enhance the products and services that we can offer to customers, expand our customer base, provide greater scale to accelerate innovation, grow our revenues and earnings, and increase stockholder value. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. Our services business consists of consulting, advanced customer support services, and education services. We continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because, in our judgment, they are essential to maintaining our competitive position. We expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies to further our corporate strategy. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements. We account for costs to exit or restructure certain activities of an acquired company separately from the business combination. We may incur restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with legacy restructuring plans. Our cloud software and on-premise software segment's total margin and total margin as a percentage of revenues decreased due primarily to growth in our total expenses for this operating segment.