Our platform enables our end-customers to maintain the visibility and control needed to protect their valued data and critical control systems while pursuing technology initiatives, like cloud and mobility, that grow their business. We believe our platform offers superior performance compared to legacy approaches and reduces the total cost of ownership for organizations by simplifying their security infrastructure and eliminating the need for multiple, stand-alone security appliances and software products. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform and services within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. We expect our services revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, such as aperture and autofocus, renew existing services contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. The increases in both periods were driven by increases in personnel costs, which grew significantly due to headcount growth. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We expect to recognize approximately $822.9 million of share-based compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.4 years, excluding additional share-based compensation expense related to any future grants of share-based awards. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for both subscriptions and support and maintenance services. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on various factors, including the average sales price of our products, manufacturing costs, and the mix of revenue between products and services. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether an accrual is required, an accrual should be adjusted, or a range of possible loss should be disclosed. We are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, and we accrue for loss contingencies when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Our corporate structure has caused, and may continue to cause, disproportionate relationships between our overall effective tax rate and other jurisdictional measures. We expect to continue such activities as our business grows, and we may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, and the continuing market acceptance of our products.