We are a holding company whose subsidiaries and affiliates are engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, other tobacco products, and nicotine-containing products in markets outside the United States of America. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands, and we manage our business in four segments. Our products are sold in more than 180 markets, where they hold the number one or number two market share position. We are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products (RRPs), which present a potential for less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continued smoking. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. The mix can refer to the proportionate value of premium-price brands to mid-price or low-price brands in any given market and can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets. Our cost of sales consists principally of tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor, and manufacturing costs. Our marketing, administration, and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, general corporate expenses, and costs incurred to develop new products. During 2015, we recorded pre-tax asset impairment and exit costs related to severance costs for the organizational restructuring in the European Union segment. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due primarily to higher pricing and lower marketing, administration, and research costs, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix across various segments. Our effective income tax rate for 2016 decreased, reflecting changes in earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction and repatriation cost differences. The unfavorable currency impact during 2016 resulted from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which has impacted our profitability across primary revenue markets. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their common stock. The factors described in item 1A risk factors represent continuing risks to our forecasted results, which reflect net revenue growth in excess of our current annual growth target range. This forecast does not include any share repurchases and excludes the impact of any future acquisitions, unanticipated asset impairment and exit cost charges, future changes in currency exchange rates, and any unusual events. We believe it is appropriate to disclose adjusted diluted EPS as it represents core earnings, improves comparability, and helps investors analyze business performance and trends.