In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we announced a strategic realignment plan designed to improve execution, enhance financial performance, and drive profitable growth as we work to create sustainable long-term value for stockholders. As part of this strategic realignment plan, we implemented a cost reduction plan, which included a series of targeted reductions across our businesses, particularly in the QCT segment. These cost reduction initiatives were achieved by the end of fiscal 2016. The decrease in QCT revenues in fiscal 2016 was primarily due to decreases in equipment and services revenues, which were negatively impacted by a shift in share among our customers within the premium tier, reducing our sales of integrated Snapdragon processors and skewing our product mix towards lower-margin modem chipsets. We believe that certain licensees, particularly in China, are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us, and certain companies, including unlicensed companies, are delaying execution of new license agreements. While we have made substantial progress in reaching agreements with many companies, negotiations with certain licensees and unlicensed companies are ongoing. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 4G LTE and 5G technologies, which contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. We are also investing in targeted opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter into new industry segments. Our business, particularly QCT, expects to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies, and intense competition, particularly in China, as our competitors expand their product offerings and/or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new and/or retain customers. We expect continued growth in the coming years in consumer demand for 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G products and services around the world, driven primarily by smartphones. Additionally, we expect that our business will be impacted by the ongoing rollout of 4G services in emerging regions, which will encourage competition and growth. We are currently involved in certain legal proceedings, and we intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves. However, the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. We believe our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, our expected cash flow generated from operations, and our expected financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. Our strategic investment activities are focused on opening new or expanding opportunities for our technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products and services for voice and data communications. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our business model and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry.