We are engaged in a number of research and mid- and early-stage development programs, including in the areas of pain and neurology, and we plan to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies enhance our pipeline and research capabilities, allowing us to respond effectively to environmental disruptions. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We expect our net income and total net product revenues will be largely dependent on the level of product revenues, which are influenced by the number and rate at which additional patients begin treatment and the compliance rates for patients who remain on treatment. Our financial results and the commercial prospects for our drug candidates can be harmed by regulatory delays or limitations on approvals. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, promoting a culture of compliance. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand these compliance programs globally. We have entered into collaboration agreements that include funding of certain research, development, and commercialization efforts, with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments. Our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on product sales, and we have significant operating expenses to conduct research and development activities. We expect that cash flows from our products will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. Our financing strategy includes a revolving credit facility, and we may raise additional capital through public offerings or private placements of our securities or securing new collaborative agreements. We have incurred restructuring expenses related to the relocation of our headquarters and have ongoing obligations related to our facility leases. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions regarding liabilities and obligations on a quarterly basis, and changes to these estimates may result in additional adjustments to our financial statements. We maintain a valuation allowance on our net operating losses and other deferred tax assets due to an extended history of annual losses. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for the research and development of our drugs and drug candidates, and we do not assign our internal costs to individual drugs because our employees typically are deployed across multiple programs. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to numerous risks, including regulatory requirements that impose substantial requirements on the introduction of therapeutic pharmaceutical products. We continuously assess the fair value of our intangible assets and contingent payments related to collaborations, which require significant estimates regarding the probability of achieving relevant milestones and future potential net sales.