AbbVie uses its expertise, dedicated people, and unique approach to innovation to develop and market advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases. The company’s strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of the Allergan acquisition, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. Following the closing of the Allergan acquisition in 2020, AbbVie implemented an integration plan designed to reduce costs, integrate and optimize the combined organization. As a result of the successful execution of the integration plan, AbbVie realized $2.5 billion of annual cost synergies in 2022. AbbVie continues to closely manage manufacturing and supply chain resources around the world to help ensure that patients continue to receive an uninterrupted supply of their medicines. The company’s financial performance in 2022 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $58.1 billion and operating earnings of $18.1 billion, reflecting growth across its immunology, neuroscience, and aesthetics portfolios. AbbVie’s mission is to discover and develop innovative medicines and products that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow while achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution. The company intends to execute its strategy and advance its mission by leveraging AbbVie’s commercial strength and international infrastructure across therapeutic areas and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches. AbbVie anticipates several regulatory submissions and data readouts from key clinical trials in the next 12 months, which are expected to favorably impact pipeline products and indications recently approved or currently under regulatory review. AbbVie’s long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The company’s pipeline currently includes over 80 compounds, devices, or indications in development, focused on important specialties such as immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience, and eye care. AbbVie’s financial flexibility is supported by its ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives. The company regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans, and establishes an allowance for credit losses equal to the estimate of future losses over the contractual life of outstanding accounts receivable. AbbVie’s credit facility enables the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates and contains various covenants, ensuring compliance with financial obligations. The company’s ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements could be adversely affected by material declines in demand for its products or changes in business conditions. AbbVie’s strategic objectives include maximizing the benefits of a diversified revenue base with multiple long-term growth drivers and continuing to invest in and expand its pipeline in support of opportunities across therapeutic areas. The favorable impact of pipeline products and indications recently approved or currently under regulatory review is expected to enhance AbbVie’s market positioning and operational capabilities.