The company's strategy to drive long-term shareholder value is to pursue growth through product development and distribution expansion and to achieve efficiencies by modernizing its technology and streamlining its operations. The company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition, and diverse distribution in Japan and the U.S. will provide support toward these objectives. Aflac Japan continues to promote digital and web-based sales to groups and use of its system that enables smart device-based insurance application by allowing the customer and an Aflac Japan operator to see the same screen through their smart devices. Furthermore, Aflac Japan continues to utilize its virtual sales tool that enables online consultations and policy applications to be completed entirely online. The company has designed its discount rate methodology for both the U.S. and Japan insurance business. The company has also completed the modernization of its actuarial technology platform to enhance its modeling, data management, experience study, and analytical capabilities, increase the end-to-end automation of key reporting and analytical processes, and optimize its control framework. The global information security program also includes a cybersecurity incident response plan that is designed to provide a management framework across company functions for a coordinated assessment and response to potential security incidents. The company's senior officers, including its global security and chief information security officer, are responsible for the operation of the global information security program and communicate quarterly with the audit and risk committee on the program, including with respect to the state of the program, compliance with applicable regulations, current and evolving threats, and recommendations for changes in the information security program. The company intends to maintain a minimum solvency margin ratio of 500% for Aflac Japan and a target combined risk-based capital over time of approximately 400% for Aflac U.S., consistent with the company's risk management practices. A significant portion of the company's business is conducted in yen and never converted into dollars but translated into dollars for U.S. GAAP reporting purposes, which results in foreign currency impact to earnings, cash flows, and book value on a U.S. GAAP basis. The company believes that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements and plans for cash, including material cash requirements from known contractual obligations and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. The company is committed to prudent liquidity and capital management. The company has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables. The company has also entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the U.S. dollar investments. The company uses various strategies, including derivatives, to manage these risks. The company continually evaluates the program's efficacy. The company is also a signatory to the principles for responsible investment, a global framework for incorporating environmental, social, and governance considerations into investment and ownership decisions. The company's investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives, and preserving shareholder value.