The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. The accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions, which are critical accounting estimates, are related to the determination of loss reserves, future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts, guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity, fixed annuity and fixed index annuity products, valuation of embedded derivative liabilities for fixed index annuity and life products, estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs and unearned revenue for investment-oriented products, reinsurance assets, goodwill impairment, allowance for credit losses on certain investments, fair value measurements of certain financial assets and financial liabilities, and income taxes, in particular the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and establishment of provisions for uncertain tax positions. The effectiveness of strategies to retain and recruit key personnel and to implement effective succession plans is also critical. We believe that our insurance companies maintain adequate financial resources to meet the actual required payments under these obligations. Our investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit by targeting an asset allocation mix that supports estimated cash flows of our outstanding liabilities and provides diversification from an asset class, sector, issuer, and geographic perspective. The primary objectives are generation of investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management, and growth of surplus. We utilize our capital resources to support our businesses, with the majority of capital allocated to our insurance operations. Our liquidity risk management framework includes liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address AIG-specific, broader industry, and market-related liquidity events. We actively monitor fixed income markets, including the level of interest rates, credit spreads, and the shape of the yield curve. We also frequently review our interest rate assumptions and actively manage the crediting rates used for new and in-force business. The investment strategy within the general insurance companies focuses on growth of surplus, maintenance of sufficient liquidity for unanticipated insurance claims, and preservation of capital. Our risk management efforts may not always be successful, and material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, or financial condition may occur. We manage our risks through risk review and selection processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. Our business is exposed to loss events that have the potential to generate losses from a single insured client. We recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. Our internal product development, underwriting, and modeling will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change. We also rely on the government-sponsored and government-arranged terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions. The management of our insurance operations is supported by sound underwriting practices, pricing procedures, and the use of actuarial analysis to help determine overall adequacy of provisions for insurance.