We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients and we do not assume net underwriting risks. Our ability to generate additional tax credits from our section 45 clean energy investments ended in December 2021. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. We generate approximately 65% of our revenues for the combined brokerage and risk management segments domestically, with the remaining 35% generated internationally. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees, and supplemental and contingent revenues from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. We believe that in a positive rate environment with increasing exposures, our professionals can demonstrate their expertise and high-quality, value-added capabilities by strengthening our clients' insurance portfolios and delivering insurance and risk management solutions within our clients' budget. We have a history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners, which should result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. Our brokerage units are very active in alternative markets, and while increased use by insureds of these markets has historically reduced commission revenue, such trends generally have been accompanied by new sales and renewal increases in the areas of risk management, claims management, captive insurance, and self-insurance services. We also provide management and administrative services to captives, pools, risk-retention groups, healthcare exchanges, and small underwriting enterprises, including claims and loss processing assistance, feasibility studies, actuarial studies, data analytics, and other administrative services. The primary source of revenues for our brokerage services is commissions from underwriting enterprises, based on a percentage of premiums paid by our clients, or fees received from clients based on an agreed level of service. We recognize approximately 80% of our commission and fee revenues on the effective date of the underlying insurance contract. The amounts recorded as earnout payables are primarily based upon estimated future potential operating results of the acquired entities over a two- to three-year period subsequent to the acquisition date. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualified for tax credits under IRC section 45. We anticipate positive net cash flow related to IRC section 45 activity in 2023. We expect total expenditures for capital improvements to be approximately $200.0 million, part of which is related to expenditures on office moves and investments being made in information technology and software development projects. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily derived from our earnings from operations, as adjusted, for our non-cash expenses, which include depreciation, amortization, change in estimated acquisition earnout payables, deferred compensation, restricted stock, and stock-based and other non-cash compensation expenses. We have entered into a number of arrangements whereby our performance on certain obligations is guaranteed by a third party through the issuance of a letter of credit. We had total letters of credit outstanding of $13.0 million at December 31, 2022. Our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022, include principal payments on debt, interest payments on debt, operating leases, pension benefit plan, and purchase obligations, most of which are related to purchases of information technology services, marketing arrangements, or other service contracts.