The following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the "forward-looking statements," our consolidated financial statements and notes that follow and the "risk factors" included in our annual report on form 10-K. We operate our business in the broader context of the macroeconomic forces around us, including the competitive environment, client and customer activities and preferences, and the various regulatory and legislative developments. The success of these and other strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in item 1A of this annual report on form 10-K - "risk factors" - and other factors as discussed herein. We expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives and obtaining operational and strategic leverage from our core capabilities. Management uses non-GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance on a basis comparable to that used by some securities analysts and investors. These non-GAAP measures should not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP measures. Our effective tax rate was 19.6% for 2022 compared to 17.6% for the prior year. We believe cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, our availability of revolver borrowings, access to debt markets, and dividends from our subsidiaries will be sufficient to fund our short-term and long-term operating liquidity needs and stress requirements. The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions, and data elements. We utilize three primary levers to manage our long-term care (LTC) business, including an active approach of steadily increasing rates, a reserving process that reflects the policy features and risk characteristics of our blocks, and a prudent management of our investment portfolio primarily through a liquid, investment-grade portfolio. We have extensive experience studies and analysis to monitor changes and trends in policyholder behavior. The ability to analyze differences in experience, such as the presence of a living benefit rider, existence of surrender charges, and tax qualifications provide us an effective approach in quickly detecting changes in policyholder behavior. We have been operating in a historically low interest rate environment but have recently experienced a substantial increase in rates with uncertainty about where rates will go in the future. A higher (lower) interest rate environment may result in decreases (increases) to our reserves and changes in various rate assumptions we use to amortize deferred acquisition costs (DAC) and deferred sales inducement costs (DSIC), which may impact our adjusted operating earnings after tax. The results of operations of the consolidated investment entities (CIEs) are reflected in the corporate & other segment. The management fees we earn for the services we provide to the CIEs and the related general and administrative expenses are eliminated, and the changes in fair value of assets and liabilities related to the CIEs are reflected in net investment income. We continue to optimize our risk profile and shift our business mix to lower-risk offerings. The primary drivers of the year-over-year unlocking impact include mortality assumptions on variable annuities with living benefit guarantees and equity market volatility. We have been focusing on our IT capabilities to enhance our operational efficiency and support business needs, which has become key in transforming the firm into a competitive force. Our IT governance and infrastructure capabilities are critical in managing the complexities of our financial services operations and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for achieving our strategic objectives and enhancing organizational effectiveness.