The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our property operations, which accounted for 98% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, include our U.S. & Canada property, Asia-Pacific property, Africa property, Europe property, and Latin America property segments, as well as data centers segment. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition. We continue to believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks while also deploying next-generation wireless technologies. We have focused on building relationships with large multinational carriers to increase opportunities for growth or mutually beneficial transactional opportunities. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications infrastructure and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications infrastructure. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases. We expect that our churn rate in our U.S. & Canada property segment will remain elevated due to contractual lease cancellations and non-renewals by T-Mobile. The deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network density is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. Our ability to effectively support business needs has become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. We expect to generate over $62 billion of non-cancellable customer lease revenue over future periods, before the impact of straight-line lease accounting. Our significant financing transactions included the repayment of debt assumed in connection with the CoreSite acquisition and the redemption of our 2.250% senior unsecured notes due 2022. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our measurement of adjusted EBITDA, NAREIT FFO, consolidated AFFO, and AFFO attributable to American Tower Corporation common stockholders is presented as we believe each is a useful indicator of our current operating performance. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of customers, and consequently, a failure by a significant customer to perform its contractual obligations to us could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity.