We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile and cloud platforms. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including the shift to cloud-based information technology solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. Our ability to predict the impact of the pandemic on our business remains limited and its effects on our business are unlikely to be fully realized until future periods. We continue to experience various constraints in our supply chain, including with respect to wafers and substrates. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Our software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. Our semiconductor solutions segment includes all of our product lines and intellectual property licensing. Our infrastructure software segment includes our mainframe, distributed and cyber security solutions, and our FC SAN business. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, have varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We may also generate cash from the sale of assets and debt or equity financing from time to time. Our ability to service our senior unsecured notes and any other indebtedness we may incur will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. We believe our cash equivalents are liquid and accessible. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes, interest, and penalties will be due. Our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect or if these tax incentives are substantially modified or rescinded, we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences.