We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We are experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of the lingering impacts of COVID-19, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability, which have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization, and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. The commercial aircraft market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive, with aggressive international competitors intent on increasing their market share. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, reflecting the important role our products and services have in ensuring national security. We continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies due to supplier disruption, labor instability, and factory performance. Our BGS revenues increased primarily due to higher commercial services volume, partially offset by lower government services performance. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics and other inventory services, maintenance, engineering and upgrades, training and professional services, and data analytics and digital services. We expect BGS commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry continues to recover. The ongoing complexity of our development programs presents significant risks, including the potential for additional reach-forward losses. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. We have implemented changes in the production process designed to ensure that newly-built airplanes meet our specifications and do not require further inspections and rework. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended. We continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs, trade agreements, or sanctions that may impact the company. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. The need for such arrangements with suppliers and vendors arises from the extended production planning horizon for many of our products.