We continue to invest in digitization of our customer service platforms and proactive maintenance all with the goal of improving the customer experience, reducing transactions and driving customer growth. We expect that over time, our rural construction initiative will support customer growth and in 2022, we constructed over 200,000 rural passings. In addition, we continue to evolve and upgrade our network to provide higher internet speeds and reliability and invest in our products and customer service platforms. We currently offer spectrum internet products with speeds up to 1 gbps across our entire footprint and over the next three years, we plan to upgrade our network to provide multi-gigabit speeds. Our advanced wifi, a managed wifi service that provides customers an optimized home network while providing greater control of their connected devices with enhanced security and privacy, is available to nearly all internet customers. We continue to invest in our ability to provide a differentiated internet connectivity experience for our mobile and fixed internet customers with the availability of over 500,000 out of home wifi access points across our footprint. By continually improving our product set and offering consumers the opportunity to save money by switching to our services, we believe we can continue to penetrate our expanding footprint and attract more spend on additional products for our existing customers. Our investment is approximately $981 million with $271 million paid in 2022 and with the remaining non-cancelable required contributions to be paid over multiple years. We believe spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives and increase profitability and cash flow over time. We also expect to continue to see negative free cash flow from the timing of device-related cash flows when we sell devices to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans and capital expenditures related to cbrs build-out. We realized revenue, adjusted ebitda and income from operations during the periods presented as follows (in millions; all percentages are calculated using whole numbers; minor differences may exist due to rounding). Growth in total revenue was primarily due to growth in our residential internet, mobile and commercial customers, price adjustments and higher advertising sales. Adjusted ebitda growth and changes in income from operations were impacted by growth in revenue and increases in operating costs and expenses, primarily mobile, costs to service customers and marketing. The increase in our operating costs and expenses, exclusive of items shown separately in the consolidated statements of operations, was attributable to higher bad debt, adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits to build a more skilled and longer tenured workforce and fuel costs. Corporate costs increased primarily due to higher computer and software expense and labor costs. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including expanding the capacity of our network, the expansion of our network through our rural broadband construction initiative, the build-out and deployment of our cbrs spectrum, and mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. The increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to the rural construction initiative of $1.8 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect 2023 line extensions capital expenditures to approximate $4 billion. The actual amount of capital expenditures in 2023 will depend on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the pace of our network evolution and rural construction initiatives, supply chain timing and growth rates in our residential and commercial businesses. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs.