Management believes these metrics best reflect the underlying results of business operations and permit analysis of trends in underlying revenue, expenses, and profitability. The company uses "pre-tax adjusted income (loss) from operations" and "adjusted revenues" as its principal financial measures of segment operating performance. The Cigna Group's commitment to the health and vitality of its employees and the people it serves remains its focus as the pandemic environment evolves. The company continues to actively manage its response as the COVID-19 pandemic environment evolves and assess impacts to its financial position and operating results, as well as mitigate adverse developments in its business. The Cigna Group has a mission of helping those it serves improve their health and vitality. The company expects to spend approximately $200 million in 2023 preparing for the implementation of its multi-year agreement with Centene. The company continues to evaluate the recently announced final rule including potential legal developments which could impact the ultimate application of the regulation. The company defines adjusted revenues as total revenues excluding certain adjustments. The Cigna Group's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the Cigna Healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting are also excluded. The company prioritizes its use of capital resources to invest in capital expenditures, primarily related to technology to support innovative solutions for its customers. The company expects to deploy approximately $1.4 billion to capital expenditures in 2023. The Cigna Group's revolving credit agreements provide it with the ability to borrow amounts for general corporate purposes, including for the purpose of providing liquidity support if necessary under its commercial paper program. The company actively monitors economic conditions including the impact of inflation, higher interest rates, and the potential for a recession in 2023 on its portfolio. The company is committed to continuous innovation and improving affordability. The company expects to hold a significant portion of its assets for the long term. The company continues to monitor the economic environment and its effect on its portfolio and considers the impact of various factors in determining the allowance for credit losses on debt securities. The company facilitates a voluntary supply chain finance program that provides suppliers the opportunity to sell their receivables due from the company to a financial institution. The Cigna Group is not a party to the program and agrees to commercial terms with its suppliers independently of their participation in the program. The company has been informed by the financial institution that $471 million as of December 31, 2022, of its outstanding payment obligations were voluntarily elected by suppliers to be sold to the financial institution under the program. The company expects $3.9 billion of purchase obligations to be paid within the next twelve months beginning January 1, 2023. The Cigna Group's investment commitments include a commitment to purchase up to $2.7 billion of preferred equity in VillageMD. The company continues to refine its estimate during 2023. The company expects to invest in technology to support innovative solutions for its customers, provide the capital necessary to maintain or improve the financial strength ratings of subsidiaries, and to repay debt and fund pension obligations if necessary. The company regularly evaluates items that may impact critical accounting estimates. The company believes the current assumptions used to estimate amounts reflected in its consolidated financial statements are appropriate. The company continues to evaluate the recently announced final rule including potential legal developments which could impact the ultimate application of the regulation.