We are strengthening and leveraging our capabilities in areas such as innovation, digital, ecommerce and data and analytics, enabling us to be more responsive in today's rapidly changing world. We continue to prioritize our investments in high growth segments within our oral care, personal care and pet nutrition businesses. The substantial growth in ecommerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels have created and may continue to create pricing pressures and/or adversely affect our relationships with our key retailers. We plan to continue to invest behind our digital and analytics capabilities and higher growth businesses. Our strategy is based on driving organic sales growth and long-term profitable growth through science-led, core and premium innovation; pursuing higher-growth adjacent categories and segments; expanding in faster-growing channels and markets and delivering margin expansion through operating leverage and efficiency. We are also changing the way we work to drive growth and how we approach innovation with focus, empowerment, experimentation and digitization to respond to the dynamic retail landscape and the evolving preferences of our customers and consumers. The investments needed to drive growth are supported through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. Through these initiatives, we seek to become even more effective and efficient throughout our businesses. The monitoring of key indicators helps to maintain business health and strong internal controls. We have witnessed changes in the purchasing patterns of our customers, including a shift in many markets to purchasing our products online. We continue to believe that growth opportunities are greater in those areas of the world in which economic development and rising consumer incomes expand the size and number of markets for our products. Our commitment to these priorities, the strength of our brands, the breadth of our global footprint and a commitment to profitability and driving efficiency in cash generation should position us well to manage through the challenges we face and increase shareholder value over time. The retail landscape in many of our markets continues to evolve as a result of the continued growth of ecommerce, changing consumer preferences and the increased presence of alternative retail channels, such as subscription services and direct-to-consumer businesses. We are also seeking to maximize the impact of our environmental, social and governance programs and leading in the development of human capital, including our sustainability and social impact and diversity, equity and inclusion strategies, which we are working to integrate across our organization. We continue to broaden our ecommerce offerings, including direct-to-consumer and subscription services. Our digital transformation is of paramount importance to our success going forward. The ability to maintain or increase selling prices as needed, changes in the policies of retail trade customers, and the emergence of alternative retail channels require us to operate and respond effectively during a pandemic, epidemic or widespread public health concern, including COVID-19. We believe that we are well prepared to meet the challenges ahead due to our strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments, resilient global supply chain, dedicated and diverse global team and focused business strategy. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the war in Ukraine, COVID-19 and the challenging market conditions on our business and the related uncertainties and risks.