During the year ended December 31, 2022, other operating costs include, among other items, technology costs, which are essential for enhancing operational efficiencies. We expect a portion of our incurred capital expenditures to be for additional corporate initiatives including investments in technology to boost innovation, enhance the guest experience, and improve operations. We have made $11.0 million in investments through the Cultivate Next Fund, a venture that will make early-stage investments into strategically aligned companies that further our mission to cultivate a better world. Our total capital expenditures for 2022 were $479.2 million, and we expect approximately $135 million in capital expenditures related to investments in existing restaurants including technology to optimize efficiencies. The majority of our purchase obligations relate to food, beverage and packaging, capital projects, information technology, marketing initiatives, and corporate sponsorships. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. We expect to utilize cash flow from operations to invest in, maintain, and refurbish our existing restaurants, which includes technology investments aimed at improving operational flexibility and enhancing customer value. Our restaurant operating costs were 76.1% of total revenue, a decrease from 77.4% during the year ended December 31, 2021, driven primarily by sales leverage, which can be influenced by our technology deployment strategies. We believe these metrics are useful to investors because management uses these metrics to assess the growth of our business and the effectiveness of our marketing and operational strategies, including the integration of digital technologies. We expect to incur about $485 million in total capital expenditures in 2023, with a significant portion allocated to technology investments aimed at improving operational efficiency and enhancing customer relationships. Our cash provided by operating activities was $1.32 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, reflecting our ability to leverage technology in our operations. The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022, was higher than the effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in tax benefits related to option exercises and equity vesting, which may indirectly relate to our operational capabilities. We have not required significant working capital because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories, due in part to our use of various fresh ingredients, which can be managed more effectively through technology. Our estimates of future revenues and expenses are highly subjective judgments based on internal projections and knowledge of our operations, historical performance, and trends in sales and restaurant operating costs, which are increasingly supported by data analytics and information management capabilities. The determination of asset fair value is also subject to significant judgment and utilizes valuation techniques including discounting estimated future cash flows and market-based analyses to determine fair value, which can be enhanced through effective IT governance and management practices.