As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry higher levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our operations are also affected by geopolitical risks, currency fluctuations, political and economic uncertainty, public health crises, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards in the countries we serve. We continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our OEM partners and end customers. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, components, distribution, power systems, and new power, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. The new power segment designs, manufactures, sells, and supports hydrogen production solutions as well as electrified power systems with innovative components and subsystems, including battery, fuel cell, and electric powertrain technologies. The new power segment is currently in the early stages of commercializing these technologies with efforts primarily focused on the development of our electrolyzers for hydrogen production and electrified power systems and related components and subsystems. We believe EBITDA is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes, or depreciation and amortization methods. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs. Our industry continues to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages and price increases across multiple component categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. We are diligently working to minimize the supply chain impacts to our business and to our customers. We expect demand within our power systems business to remain strong, including the power generation, mining, oil and gas, and marine markets. The completion of the Meritor, Inc. acquisition in 2022 impacted our liquidity and resulted in incremental interest expense for debt utilized in funding the transaction and increased amortization of intangible assets which will negatively impact net income. We plan to spend an estimated $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion in 2023 on capital expenditures with over 60 percent of these expenditures expected to be invested in North America. Our strategic management practices include evaluating the impacts of acquisitions, ongoing supply chain challenges, and the need for operational flexibility in our response to market dynamics. We believe our access to capital markets, existing cash and marketable securities, and operating cash flow provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund acquisitions, dividend payments, common stock repurchases, targeted capital expenditures, projected pension obligations, working capital, and debt service obligations through 2023 and beyond.