Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, including capital and liquidity management, by focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. Our credit card business generated net income from continuing operations, with expenses primarily consisting of the provision for credit losses, operating costs, and marketing expenses. We recognize that we are exposed to cyclical changes in credit quality, and we try to ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns. Our most important tool in this endeavor is sound underwriting, which is supported by technology resources and management skills. We maintain a governance framework supported by processes and controls intended to ensure that our estimate of the allowance for credit losses is appropriate. Our governance framework provides for oversight of methods, models, qualitative adjustments, process controls, and results. The chief risk officer, in conjunction with the consumer and commercial chief credit officers, is responsible for establishing credit risk policies and procedures, including monitoring credit exposure and performance of our lending-related transactions. We utilize a variety of quantitative and qualitative factors to manage credit risk, including setting credit risk limits and guidelines for each of our lines of business. Our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies, including funds transfer pricing, to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits, and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. We regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies, and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods. Our capital management processes are linked to our risk management practices, including the enterprise-wide identification, assessment, and measurement of risks to ensure that all relevant risks are incorporated in the assessment of the company's capital adequacy. We use identified risks to inform key aspects of the company's capital planning, including the development of stress scenarios, the assessment of the adequacy of post-stress capital levels, and the appropriateness of potential capital actions considering the company's capital objectives. The liquidity framework enables us to manage our liquidity risk in accordance with regulatory requirements. We continuously monitor market and economic conditions to evaluate emerging stress conditions and to develop appropriate action plans. Our risk data and technology provide the basis for risk reporting and are used in decision-making and to monitor and review changes to our risk profile. We have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes, and controls to enable the delivery of high-quality and consistent customer experiences and to achieve business objectives in a controlled manner. Our operational risk management program establishes practices for assessing the operational risk profile and executing key control processes for operational risks, including cyber and technology risk, data management, and third-party management. The chief operational risk officer is responsible for establishing and overseeing our operational risk management program, which is critical for maintaining organizational effectiveness and performance.