At the beginning of fiscal 2022, we re-aligned our reporting structure under two reportable segments: U.S. healthcare solutions and international healthcare solutions. The U.S. healthcare solutions reportable segment provides data analytics, outcomes research, and additional services for biotechnology and pharmaceutical manufacturers. Additionally, it delivers packaging solutions to institutional and retail healthcare providers. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2022 included investments in various technology initiatives, including technology initiatives at Alliance Healthcare. We currently expect to spend approximately $500 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2023, which will include investments relating to various technology initiatives, including technology investments at Alliance Healthcare and those required to comply with new regulatory requirements. Our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors, such as industry growth trends, including drug utilization, the introduction of new, innovative brand therapies, and the rate of conversion from brand products to those generic drugs and biosimilars. The increase in distribution, selling, and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to the June 2021 acquisition of Alliance Healthcare. We recorded a goodwill impairment of $75.9 million in our Profarma reporting unit in connection with our fiscal 2022 annual impairment test. The acquisition will advance our role as a partner of choice for biopharmaceutical manufacturers by enhancing our global portfolio of solutions to support manufacturer partners across the pharmaceutical development and commercialization journey. We have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during the December and March quarters that may require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. The acquisition of Alliance Healthcare increased our days sales outstanding and days payable outstanding as it has longer payment terms with customers and manufacturers. We use the facility as a financing vehicle because it generally offers an attractive interest rate relative to other financing sources. We have exposure to foreign currency and exchange rate risk from our non-U.S. operations, and we may use derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exposure. We manage interest rate risk by using a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. The amount of variable-rate debt fluctuates during the year based on our working capital requirements. We periodically evaluate financial instruments to manage our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based upon fluctuations in our period-end working capital account balances. The effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, was higher than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to U.S. state income taxes. We believe that our estimates for the valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and the amount of benefits recognized in our financial statements for uncertain tax positions are appropriate based upon current facts and circumstances. We recorded impairments of intangible and tangible assets totaling $361.7 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, in connection with the permanent shutdown of our compounding business. Our effective tax rates were 23.7% and 30.5% in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The comprehensive settlement agreement became effective on April 2, 2022, and as of September 30, 2022, it included 48 of 49 eligible states. We will pay up to approximately $6.4 billion over 18 years as part of this agreement.