We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. Our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price, as a significant amount of our service revenue is associated in some manner with the ultimate selling price of the vehicle. We believe that our business is a critical enabler for the global re-use and recycling of vehicles, parts, and raw materials. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to acquiring land, opening and improving facilities, capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements, acquiring yard equipment, and lease buyouts of certain facilities. We continue to develop, expand, and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our primary source of cash generated by operations is from the collection of service fees and reimbursable advances from the proceeds of vehicle sales. We expect to continue to use cash flows from operations to finance our working capital needs and to develop and grow our business. The increase in service revenues for fiscal 2022 came from an increase in the U.S. driven primarily by an increase in revenue per car partially driven by the scarcity of vehicles due to global supply chain disruptions and an increase in volume resulting from higher miles driven due to the reopening of the United States economy. We believe that the longer-term impact on our business will depend on potential adverse operational impacts from outbreaks of COVID-19 at any of our locations; additional outbreaks of COVID-19 in one or more of our geographic markets; a reduction in miles driven due to one or more factors relating to the COVID-19 pandemic; and the relationship of supply and demand for newly manufactured vehicles, on the one hand, and used and salvage vehicles, on the other hand, due to reduced manufacturing capacity and broader supply chain disruptions during the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We cannot predict how the pandemic will continue to develop, whether and to what extent new shelter-in-place orders will be issued, or to what extent the pandemic may have longer-term unanticipated impacts on our markets. Our goals are to generate sustainable profits for our stockholders, while also providing environmental and social benefits for the world around us. We have certain contracts with insurance companies, primarily in the U.K., in which we act as a principal, purchasing vehicles and reselling them for our own account. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain with the intention of providing global coverage for our sellers.