The company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation, and investment. Technological innovations that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents are designed to serve as an additional layer of protection for the company's employees. The company remains focused on safety, service, and controlling costs. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect its ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company intends to fund capital investments primarily through cash generated from operations. The company has multiple sources of liquidity, including cash generated from operations and financing sources. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. The company is focused on enhancing the overall safety of its employees, customers, and communities in which it operates. The company's liquidity reflects its ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet both current and future needs for obligations as they mature and to provide for planned capital expenditures. The company has access to a five-year unsecured revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks. The company continues to maintain adequate current assets to satisfy current liabilities and maturing obligations when they come due. The company has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations. The company is committed to returning cash to shareholders, and capital structure, capital investments, and cash distributions are reviewed at least annually by the board of directors. The company evaluates goodwill and intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, considering relevant events and conditions, including macroeconomic trends, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, and legal and regulatory factors. The company is focused on the impacts of inflation, or commodity concentrations, and the impacts of a public health crisis and any policies or initiatives instituted in response. The company has seen an improvement in service metrics and expects that trend to continue. The company is committed to reducing risk and enhancing the overall safety of its employees, customers, and communities in which it operates. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s strategic management practices guide the timing and volume of repurchases, and future share repurchases are expected to be funded by cash on hand, cash generated from operations, and debt issuances. The company’s credit ratings reflect an independent agency's judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay a debt obligation at maturity. The company’s commitment to maintaining an investment-grade credit profile is essential for its operational flexibility and market responsiveness. The company is focused on enhancing its operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness through strategic resource allocation and investment decisions that support business innovation and transformation.