Cintas helps more than one million businesses of all types and sizes, primarily in the U.S., as well as Canada and Latin America, get ready to open their doors with confidence every day by providing a wide range of products and services that enhance customers' image and help keep their facilities and employees clean, safe, and looking their best. The company’s strategy is to achieve revenue growth for all products and services by increasing penetration at existing customers and broadening the customer base to include market segments not historically served. This strategy is supported by a highly talented and diverse team of service professionals who develop close personal relationships with customers, enabling the company to leverage its distribution system and strong customer relationships to launch additional products and services. Cintas evaluates operating segment performance based on revenue and income before income taxes, regularly reviewing its operating segments for reporting purposes based on information its chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for resource allocation and performance assessment. The ongoing rollout of COVID-19 vaccines and the gradual lifting of restrictions positively impacted the business, while the pandemic had previously affected the ability to conduct normal operations and impacted some customers' ability to pay timely. The company increased inventory in response to customer needs and demand associated with safety and cleanliness requirements during the pandemic. Cintas' revenue increased organically due to increased sales volume, new business, and the penetration of additional products and services into existing customers. The increase in capital expenditures was due to investments in operating segments to support continued market penetration and revenue growth. Cintas has access to $2.0 billion of debt capacity from its amended and restated revolving credit facility, which supports its liquidity and operational needs. The company’s ability to continue to access commercial paper and long-term debt markets on favorable terms will depend on ratings assigned by credit rating agencies, which are influenced by various qualitative and quantitative factors. Cintas' management has mitigated inflationary pressures through pricing and efficiency initiatives, maintaining that these factors have not had a material adverse impact on consolidated financial condition or results of operations. The company is subject to legal proceedings arising from the ordinary course of business, but management believes that any aggregate liability will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position. Cintas regularly reviews deferred tax assets for recoverability and records reserves for uncertain tax positions based on evaluations of current tax positions. The company’s critical accounting policies, including revenue recognition and goodwill impairment testing, require significant judgment and could have a material impact on financial statements. Cintas continues to perform impairment tests for goodwill and has not recognized any impairment for the fiscal years presented. The company’s operational strategies and financial management practices are designed to ensure sufficient liquidity and support ongoing business transformation and performance improvement initiatives.