The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements. Discover Financial Services ("DFS") is a digital banking and payment services company, providing digital banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We expect total expenses to increase, driven by employee compensation and benefits expense from higher headcount and marketing and business development expense, while continuing to make investments in profitable long-term growth. Our digital banking segment reported pretax income of $5.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, with total other income increasing primarily due to increases in net discount and interchange revenue and loan fee income. The increase in professional fees was due primarily to investments in technology and increased consulting costs. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations, and other short-term and long-term borrowings. We also maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. The asset and liability management committee (the "ALCO") is responsible for its implementation and monitors the liquidity risk profiles of DFS and Discover Bank. The ALCO oversees actions corporate treasury may take to ensure that we maintain ready access to our funding sources and sufficient liquidity to meet current and projected needs. We conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. Our liquidity portfolio consists of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. The size and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based on operational requirements, market conditions, and interest rate risk management objectives. We assess funding uses and liquidity needs under stressed and normal operating conditions, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans and contingent uses of funding. We also evaluate a range of stress scenarios designed according to regulatory requirements. The board of directors regularly reviews our compliance with our liquidity limits, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite set by our board. We have prepared for the cessation of USD LIBOR by taking steps to avoid new exposures and actively reduce our remaining exposures. The transition process will continue through the end of 2023. Enhanced regulatory requirements, potential supervisory findings, or enforcement actions could negatively impact our ability to implement certain consumer-focused enhancements to product features and functionality and business strategies. The potential impact of legislative and regulatory developments on our business is uncertain, particularly concerning cybersecurity and data privacy standards. We continue to evaluate the impact of the California Privacy Rights Act on our businesses and other providers of consumer financial services.