During 2022, the company faced rapid technological development, particularly with respect to computing, automation, artificial intelligence, mobile connectivity, communications, and digitization in most of its served markets. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations. The company's long-term growth and profitability will depend on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, and develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins. The company operates in a highly competitive business environment, and its individual businesses monitor key competitors and customers to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future. The company’s operations are affected by worldwide, regional, and industry-specific economic and political factors, which create a variety of opportunities and challenges. The company is focused on improving operational efficiency and quality, effectively addressing the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment, and continuing to reduce costs. The company’s investments in sales growth initiatives contributed to core sales growth, with both high-growth and developed markets contributing to year-over-year core sales growth during 2022. The company’s biotechnology segment experienced strong underlying demand for non-COVID-19 related instruments and consumables, offsetting declines in sales of instruments and consumables used in the research, development, and production of COVID-19 related treatments and vaccines. The life sciences segment offers a broad range of instruments and consumables used to study the basic building blocks of life, including DNA and RNA, and provides products and consumables used to filter and remove contaminants from various liquids and gases. The diagnostics segment offers clinical instruments, reagents, consumables, software, and services used to diagnose disease and make treatment decisions. The environmental and applied solutions segment provides products and services that help protect resources and keep global food and water supplies safe. The company’s strategic management practices include leveraging technology capabilities and aligning business strategies with market dynamics to enhance operational flexibility and improve firm performance. The company is also focused on enhancing its IT capabilities to support business needs and improve information management, ensuring data accuracy, reliability, and security. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is critical in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s investments in technology infrastructure and digital transformation initiatives are designed to improve organizational effectiveness and agility, enabling it to respond to changing business needs and directions.