The company has taken an intentionally flexible approach to distribution, which may impact the results of operations of the businesses within Disney Media and Entertainment Distribution (DMED), including cost allocation, revenue timing, and viewership timing. The restructuring and change in business strategy could result in impairment charges. The increase in operating cash flow at Disney Parks, Experiences and Products (DPEP) was due to higher operating cash receipts driven by higher revenue, partially offset by an increase in operating cash disbursements due to higher operating expenses. The company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, and management uses total segment operating income as a measure of the overall performance of the operating businesses separate from non-operating factors. The increase in programming and production costs at Disney+ was due to more content provided on the service and higher average cost programming, which reflected an increased mix of original content. The increase in programming and production costs at Hulu was due to more content provided on the service and higher subscriber-based fees for programming the live TV service, which reflected rate increases and an increase in the number of subscribers. The increase in technology spending at DPEP was due to higher volumes and increased investment in technology assets. The company currently expects its fiscal 2023 spend on produced and licensed content, including sports rights, to be in the low $30 billion range. The company has incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to address government regulations and the safety of employees, guests, and talent. The increase in capital expenditures at corporate primarily reflects investments in information technology infrastructure and equipment. The company believes that its financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and upcoming debt maturities as well as future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. The increase in corporate and unallocated shared expenses was driven by higher compensation and human resource-related costs. The company’s investments in parks, resorts, and other property for fiscal 2022 and 2021 reflect capital expenditures primarily for technology and in facilities and equipment for expanding and upgrading broadcast centers, production facilities, and television station facilities. The company’s production and programming activity for fiscal 2022 and 2021 includes significant investments in technology to support its business operations. The company’s restructuring activities may involve changes in its organizational structure and operations, which can impact its strategic resource allocation and operational efficiency. The company recognizes that the adverse impact of COVID-19 on its businesses will continue for an unknown length of time and may affect certain of its key sources of revenue. The company’s strategic alignment with its technology capabilities and operational flexibility is essential for responding to market dynamics and consumer demands. The company’s operational efficiency is supported by its ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company’s management practices emphasize the importance of information management capability, which includes providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and access.