We provide a global, vendor-neutral data center, interconnection, and edge solutions platform with offerings that aim to enable our customers to reach everywhere, interconnect everyone, and integrate everything. Global enterprises, service providers, and business ecosystems of industry partners rely on our IBX data centers and expertise for the safe housing of their critical IT equipment and to protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Our interconnected data centers allow customers to increase information and application delivery performance to users, quickly access distributed IT infrastructures and business and digital ecosystems, while significantly reducing costs. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective interconnection that increases data traffic exchange while lowering overall costs and increasing flexibility. The adjacency created by colocating in the same data centers allows customers to capture the full economic and performance benefits of our offerings. We have entered into joint ventures to develop and operate Xscale data centers to serve the needs of the growing hyperscale data center market, including the world's largest cloud service providers. Our expansion criteria will depend on factors including demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, clouds, and software partners, and automation capabilities. We continue to invest in our operations to support our growth, including investments to enhance our technology platform and integrate recent acquisitions. Our business model is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings, which has contributed to our revenue growth. The largest components of our cost of revenues include depreciation, rental payments related to our leased IBX data centers, and utility costs, which are driven by the growth in our customer base and the increasing power demands of our customers. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase as we continue to invest in our operations to support our growth and enhance our technology platform. Our adjusted EBITDA is a key factor in assessing the operating performance of our segments and developing regional growth strategies such as IBX data center expansion decisions. We believe that our sources of liquidity, including expected future operating cash flows, are sized to adequately meet both near and long-term material cash commitments for the foreseeable future. Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to assist readers in understanding our financial information from our management's perspective, focusing on the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform the firm into a competitive force.