Fastenal invests in, develops, and deploys capabilities that allow us to illuminate and provide greater control over a customer's supply chain. These capabilities range from service models that take advantage of our local presence and/or our ability to more efficiently manage complex procurement needs, to hardware and software technologies that promote actionable data capture, improve operating efficiencies and reduce supply chain risk. Our approach to addressing marketplace aspects is captured in our tagline where industry meets innovation. We support customer-facing resources with a supply chain capability that is speedy, efficient, and cost-effective. This has formed the foundation of our high-touch model since inception. By marrying our presence, capabilities, and technologies, we deepen our relationships and enhance our ability to provide innovative and comprehensive solutions to our customers' challenges. We strive to generate strong profits, which produce the cash flow necessary to support our growth, our product and technology development, and the needs of our customers. Our growth drivers include our FMI offerings, onsite channel, and international expansion, all of which tend to require significant investments in inventory. We expect our net capital expenditures in 2023 to reflect spending on upgrades to and investments in automation at certain hubs, the beginning of construction of a distribution center in Utah, investment in materials to facilitate our branch conversion projects, higher spending on information technology, and investments in fleet equipment to support our network of heavy trucks. Our investments in information technology are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting our business processes. The ultimate aim of our high-tech, high-touch approach to gaining market share is to allow us to get closer to our customers, going so far as to be right to the point of consumption within customers' facilities. We believe that companies that grow market share are those that develop differentiated capabilities that provide the greatest value to the customer. Our digital footprint and changes to our go-to-market strategies have allowed us to expand our operating margins. The normalization of business activity has resulted in improved signings of onsites and FMI devices, which approached pre-pandemic levels. We believe the markets are efficient, and our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively supports our business needs and enhances our competitive advantage. We continue to experience a shift in our customer mix due to relatively stronger sales growth from national account customers, which tend to be larger and carry longer payment terms than our non-national account customers. Our employee-related expenses increased in 2022, reflecting higher base pay and employment taxes from higher FTE during the period, moderate wage inflation, and an increase in bonuses and commissions resulting from improved sales and profitability. Our occupancy-related expenses increased in 2022 due to higher costs and depreciation for the maintenance, upgrade, and installation of equipment in hub and non-hub facilities, and slightly higher facility costs. Our net capital expenditures increased in 2022, driven by higher spending on FMI equipment, and we expect continued investment in technology resources to enhance our operational capabilities and support our growth initiatives.