We believe the actions we have taken in recent years to build a solid balance sheet, successfully expand low-cost operations, and maintain flexible organic growth options while maintaining liquidity allow us to continue to execute our business plans in a prudent manner and preserve substantial future asset values. We closely monitor market conditions and will continue to adjust our operating plans, including capital expenditures, to protect our liquidity and preserve our asset values, as necessary. Our financial policy is aligned with our strategic objectives of maintaining a solid balance sheet and increasing cash returns to shareholders while advancing opportunities for future growth. We are committed to maintaining the validation of all of our copper producing sites with the copper mark, a comprehensive assurance framework designed to demonstrate the copper industry's responsible production practices. We are advancing efforts to improve copper recovery from our leach processes, including initiatives across our North America and South America operations to incorporate new applications, technologies, and data analytics. We believe these leach innovation initiatives provide potential opportunities to produce incremental copper from our large existing leach stockpiles and lower-grade material currently classified as waste. Initial results support the potential for incremental low-cost additions to our production and reserve profile, and we have identified opportunities to achieve an annual run rate of 200 million pounds of copper per year through these initiatives by the end of 2023. We are engaged in various studies associated with potential future expansion projects primarily at our mining operations, which are expected to add significant production and cash flow in future periods, enabling us to continue to generate operating cash flows exceeding capital expenditures in future years. Our operations have been impacted by inflationary cost pressures, including increased costs for energy, sulfuric acid, and maintenance and supplies. We plan to continue to carefully manage costs and drive efficiencies to mitigate cost increases. We are conducting follow-on exploration in the area to support metallurgical testing and mine development planning for a potential significant long-term investment to build additional scale on an economically attractive basis. The timing of future development will be dependent on market conditions, labor and supply chain considerations, and other economic factors. We are advancing plans for expanded tailings infrastructure projects to support long-range plans. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold, and, to a lesser extent, molybdenum, as well as other factors. We believe the outlook for copper fundamentals in the medium- and long-term are favorable. We expect to maintain a solid balance sheet and strong liquidity position as we focus on building long-term value in our business, executing our operating plans safely, responsibly, and efficiently, and prudently managing costs and capital expenditures. We have significant mineral reserves, mineral resources, and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. We operate large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets with significant proven and probable mineral reserves of copper, gold, and molybdenum. Our results reflect solid execution of our operating plan, which resulted in strong operating performance and cash flow generation allowing for increased cash returns to shareholders. We believe substantial new mine supply development will be required to meet the goals of the global energy transition, and higher copper prices will be required to support new mine supply development.