The fedex services segment provides sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and collection services, and certain back-office functions that support our operating segments. We expect increased investment in information technology and strategic initiatives aimed to optimize operations across our networks to be offset with lower aircraft fleet modernization spend. Our ongoing initiatives aimed to transform and optimize the fedex express international business are focused on reducing the complexity and fragmentation of our international business, improving efficiency to meet changing customer expectations and business dynamics, lowering costs, increasing profitability, and improving service levels. We will continue executing targeted actions to improve productivity and lower costs both through advanced technology and optimization of operations. In 2022, we incurred increased costs related to information technology expenses, which contributed to an increase in other operating expenses. We are making strategic technology investments to improve safety and efficiency within our operations, as well as executing targeted actions to enhance the hiring process, improve retention, and align staffing levels with network demands. Our capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to include investments in information technology, which are critical to support our business strategies and operational capabilities. The identification of costs associated with our business realignment activities is subject to our disclosure controls and procedures, which include the management of our information technology resources. We believe that our investments in information technology will generate high returns on investment and are balanced with our outlook for global economic conditions. Our ability to manage our cost structure to match shifting volume levels is closely linked to our operational flexibility and the deployment of technology resources. The constrained labor market affected the availability and cost of labor, resulting in higher purchased transportation costs and network inefficiencies, which underscores the importance of leveraging technology to enhance our operational capabilities. We will focus on actions to improve global network efficiencies and lower our cost to serve as we expect rising uncertainty from the slowing economic environment to impact our business. Our expected capital expenditures for 2023 also include investments in facilities and equipment at fedex ground, and the fedex express indianapolis and memphis hub expansion and modernization programs, which are integral to our IT architecture and operational efficiency. We continue to evaluate our investments in critical long-term strategic projects to ensure our capital expenditures are expected to generate high returns on investment. Our operations are capital intensive, characterized by significant investments in technology and facilities, which are essential for maintaining our competitive advantage and enhancing our service offerings. The integration of technology into our operational processes is vital for improving our overall business performance and achieving our organizational goals.