The automotive industry and GM continue to experience supply chain and logistics disruptions from multiple suppliers that have impacted, and may continue to impact, our planned production schedules. We also face continuing market, operating and regulatory challenges in several countries across the globe due to, among other factors, competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, heightened emission standards, potentially weakening economic conditions, labor disruptions, foreign exchange volatility, evolving trade policy and political uncertainty. As we continue to assess our performance and the needs of our evolving business, additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required. These actions could give rise to future asset impairments or other charges, which may have a material impact on our operating results. Our vision for the future is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion, which guides our growth-focused strategy to invest in EVs and AVs, software-enabled services and subscriptions and new business opportunities, while strengthening our market position in profitable ICE vehicles, such as trucks and SUVs. We expect to generate commercial EV tax credits and credits from our production of battery components that will increase net income and impact income tax cash payments. We believe our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities and other liquidity actions currently available to us are sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements. Our material future uses of cash, which may vary from time to time based on market conditions and other factors, are focused on the three objectives of our capital allocation program: grow our business at an average target ROIC-adjusted rate of 20% or greater; maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet; and after the first two objectives are met, return available cash to shareholders. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. These actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations, as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions and investments with joint venture partners, as well as strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business. To support our transition to EVs, we anticipate making investments in suppliers or providing funding towards the execution of strategic, multi-year supply agreements to secure critical materials. Furthermore, we are working closely with our supply base to mitigate any potential risks. Our ability to deliver new products, services, technologies and customer experiences in response to increased competition and changing consumer preferences in the automotive industry is critical. The unique technological, operational, regulatory and competitive risks related to the timing and commercialization of autonomous vehicles are also significant. Our ability to manage risks related to security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles and in-vehicle systems, is essential for maintaining operational efficiency and competitive advantage. We continue to implement strategies to mitigate the risks associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR and are transitioning our existing LIBOR-based derivative exposure in advance of the date when LIBOR will no longer be published. Our management uses non-GAAP measures in its financial, investment and operational decision-making processes, which allow management and investors to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons and benchmark performance between periods and among geographic regions to understand operating performance without regard to items we do not consider a component of our core operating performance.