We continue to invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures, including significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings and improve our existing offerings across our businesses. Our investments in technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, are essential to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, particularly in support of AI. The shift to an online world has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, and we continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to our users in these markets. As users in developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue to increase, necessitating continued investments. We face increasing competition for user engagement and advertisers, which may affect our revenues. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. We also expect to continue to invest in our technical infrastructure to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which includes our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI. The time frame from date of purchase to placement in service of these assets may extend from months to years, as our data center construction projects are generally multi-year projects. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. The margins on these revenues vary significantly and are generally lower than the margins on our advertising revenues. We continue to expand our product offerings to serve these changing needs, which may affect our monetization. Additionally, we may develop new products incorporating AI innovations that could affect our monetization trends. As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. We expect to continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings and improve our existing offerings across our businesses. Our capital expenditures primarily reflect investments in technical infrastructure to provide capacity for the growth of our services and products. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. Our principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from operations. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations, and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. The increase in other costs of revenues from 2021 to 2022 was primarily due to increases in data center costs and other operations costs as well as hardware costs. We continue to make significant investments in our technical infrastructure to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives.