We strive to be the health care system of choice in the communities we serve by developing comprehensive networks locally and supporting these networks with enterprise expertise and economies of scale. Our strategy is organized around a framework that seeks to drive sustained growth by delivering operational excellence, attracting exceptional physicians and other health care professionals, developing comprehensive services, creating greater access, and coordinating higher quality care for patients. To achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda: we believe we are well positioned in a number of large and growing markets that will allow us the opportunity to generate long-term, attractive growth through the expansion of our presence in these markets. We plan to continue recruiting and strategically collaborating with the physician community and developing comprehensive service lines such as cardiology, neurology, oncology, orthopedics and women's services. Additional components of our growth strategy include providing access and convenience through developing various outpatient facilities, including, but not limited to surgery centers, urgent care clinics, freestanding emergency care facilities, imaging centers and home health and hospice services, as well as seeking to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. Achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction and clinical quality are central goals of our business. To achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of initiatives including infection reduction initiatives, hospitalist programs, advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. We believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other health care professionals to provide high quality care. We attract and retain physicians and other health care professionals by providing high quality, convenient facilities with advanced technology, by expanding our specialty services and by building our outpatient operations. We believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians and other health care professionals will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. Our strategy also emphasizes investments that advance our clinical systems and digital capabilities, transform care models with innovative care solutions, expand our workforce development programs and enhance our health care networks and partnerships. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. The estimated cost of total uncompensated care increased $141 million for 2022, compared to 2021. Adverse changes in the percentage of our patients having adequate health care coverage, increases in patient responsibility amounts under certain health care coverages, general economic conditions, patient accounting service center operations, payer mix, or trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage could affect the collection of accounts receivable, cash flows and results of operations.