During fiscal 2022, we reported net sales of $157.4 billion, reflecting the impact of positive comparable sales driven by an increase in comparable average ticket, partially offset by a decrease in comparable customer transactions. The increase in online sales, which represented 14.2% of net sales and grew by 7.4% during fiscal 2022, was a result of customers continuing to leverage our digital platforms and reflects our ongoing investments to enhance these platforms and related fulfillment capabilities, which support our interconnected retail strategy. The decrease in our inventory turnover ratio was driven by an increase in average inventory levels during fiscal 2022 resulting from strategic investments to promote higher in-stock levels and pull forward merchandise in response to ongoing global supply chain disruption, as well as continued investment in our new supply chain facilities. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales, with total comparable sales increasing 3.1% in fiscal 2022, reflecting an 8.8% increase in comparable average ticket, partially offset by a 5.4% decrease in comparable customer transactions compared to fiscal 2021. The increase in comparable average ticket was primarily driven by inflation, as well as demand for new and innovative products. Our strategic investments in inventory to support the demand environment and promote higher in-stock levels are indicative of our capability to adapt to changing business needs. We generated $14.6 billion of cash flow from operations and issued $6.9 billion of long-term debt during fiscal 2022, which was used to fund cash payments for dividends and share repurchases. Our liquidity and capital resources are supported by our disciplined approach to capital allocation, prioritizing investments in the business, followed by paying dividends, with the intent of returning excess cash to shareholders through share repurchases. For fiscal 2023, we plan to invest approximately $3 billion back into our business in the form of capital expenditures, in line with our expectation of approximately two percent of net sales on an annual basis. Our ongoing investments in technology infrastructure and digital capabilities are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and supporting our strategic objectives. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is crucial for transforming our firm into a competitive force. We believe that our current cash position, cash flow generated from operations, and access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient to enable us to invest in the business and fund any share repurchases through the next several fiscal years. Our material cash requirements include contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business, and we follow a disciplined approach to capital allocation that prioritizes investing in the business. The strategic investments in our supply chain network and digital platforms reflect our commitment to enhancing our operational capabilities and responding effectively to market dynamics. Our IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes, supporting our business strategy and enhancing our overall performance.