The management and franchise segment provides services, including hotel management and licensing of our intellectual property, with revenues from this segment including management and franchise fees charged to third-party hotel owners and fees for managing hotels in our ownership segment. As a franchisor of hotels, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing, and information technology services. Our strategic objectives include the continued expansion of our global hotel network, as well as our fee-based business, which involves evaluating the economic viability of hotels based on geographic location and credit quality of third-party owners. The success of our management and franchise business depends on our ability to perform under contracts and maintain good relationships with third-party hotel owners and franchisees, which allows us to generate new incremental opportunities for property development. We are focused on the growth of our business by expanding our global hotel network through our development pipeline, which represents hotels that we expect to add to our system in the future. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the increase in cash inflows generated from our management and franchise segment, largely as a result of an increase in revenue per available room at our comparable managed and franchised properties. Additionally, we incurred increased expenses related to technology and reservation systems, which support the operations of the related properties. Our relationships with third-party hotel owners, franchisees, and developers are essential for maintaining our current presence and generating new opportunities. The increase in licensing and other fees from our strategic partnerships resulted from new cardholder acquisitions and increased cardholder spend under our co-branded credit card arrangements. We believe that our cash position and sources of liquidity will meet anticipated requirements for operating and other expenditures, including corporate expenses, payroll, and other commitments for the foreseeable future. We have continued access to debt markets and expect to obtain financing as required to support our strategic objectives. Our long-term investment policy focuses on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments, which includes commitments to owners in our management and franchise segment for marketing, sales, and brand programs. The effectiveness of our cost-cutting efforts related to owning and leasing hotels or corporate operations is limited by the amount of inherent fixed costs, and we have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we believe are appropriate to maximize profitability. The increase in owned and leased hotels revenues included increases from our comparable and non-comparable owned and leased hotels, which were partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The increase in incentive management fees is based on hotels' operating profits, which have improved from the prior year due to increased demand in line with the recovery from the pandemic. The overall recovery was particularly strong during the second half of 2022, driven by an upward trend in both revenue per available room and occupancy.