Management continued its focus on liquidity and cash flows as well as improving its operating performance through profitable revenue, efficient operations, and margin enhancement. Management has also continued its intensified focus on capital efficiency. The company has aligned its operations consistent with how the CEO assesses operating performance and allocates capital. The company produces aerospace engine parts and components and aerospace fastening systems for 737 max airplanes. The segment added approximately 950 net headcount since the end of 2021 in anticipation of revenue increases into 2023. Segment adjusted EBITDA for the engine products segment increased $165, or 29%, in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily due to higher volumes in the commercial aerospace and oil and gas markets as well as productivity gains and favorable product pricing. The company anticipates additional charges related to these plant fires of approximately $5 to $10 in 2023. The company has maintained a disciplined approach to cash management and the strengthening of its balance sheet. Cash provided from operations in 2022 was $733 compared with $449 in 2021 and $9 in 2020. The increase in cash provided from operations of $284, or 63%, between 2022 and 2021 was due to lower working capital of $165, higher operating results of $89, and lower pension contributions of $53, partially offset by higher payments on noncurrent liabilities of $37. The components of the change in working capital included favorable changes in receivables of $176, including collections of employee retention credit receivables, accrued expenses of $169, accounts payable of $102, and taxes, including income taxes, of $29, partially offset by inventories of $294 and prepaid expenses and other current assets of $17. The company has an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3, filed with the SEC, which allows for offerings of debt securities from time to time. The company may opportunistically issue new debt securities under such registration statement or otherwise in accordance with securities laws, including but not limited to in order to refinance existing indebtedness. The company maintains a credit facility pursuant to its five-year revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders and issuers named therein. The company may in the future repurchase additional portions of its debt or equity securities from time to time, in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable SEC and other legal requirements. The company has determined that it is not practicable to present pension funding and other postretirement benefit payments beyond 2027 and 2032, respectively. The total amount of uncertain tax positions is included in the "thereafter" column as the company is not able to reasonably estimate the timing of potential future payments. The company expects higher metal costs to contribute to increased sales in 2023. The company entered into a 12-year lease with the purchaser for a portion of the property. The company has insurance with a deductible of $10. The downtime related to these plant fires in 2022 and 2021 reduced production levels and affected productivity at the plants. The company has also continued its focus on actions to improve its cost structure and liquidity, providing the company with the ability to operate effectively. The company expects solid growth in the commercial aerospace market, and the company's strong position in that market is expected to continue. The company has also been focusing on various automation projects, information technology upgrades, and sustaining capital projects across all segments.