We are a provider of market infrastructure, data services, and technology solutions to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations, and government entities. Our products provide customers with access to mission-critical tools designed to increase asset class transparency and workflow efficiency. Our mortgage technology business is intended to enable greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans. The mortgage technology platform automates the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enables automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to ensure high-quality loan transactions. Our mortgage technology network provides originators connectivity to the mortgage supply chain and facilitates the secure exchange of information between customers and a broad ecosystem of third-party service providers. We believe the Black Knight ecosystem adds value for clients of all sizes across the mortgage and real estate lifecycles by helping organizations lower costs, increase efficiencies, grow their businesses, and reduce risk. Our business environment has been characterized by growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation, increasing demand for speed, data, data capacity, and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses to mitigate uncertainties and build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. Our fixed income and data services segment revenues increased primarily due to strength in our fixed income execution and CDS clearing businesses driven by elevated volatility across global markets. The increase in revenues was driven primarily by growth in our ICE global network offering, coupled with increased demand and strong retention in our consolidated feeds business. We expect to incur capital expenditures and software development costs that are eligible for capitalization ranging in the aggregate between $450 million and $500 million in 2023, which we believe will support the enhancement of our technology, business integration, and the continued growth of our businesses. The increase in operating expenses includes technology support services costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards, and ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets. Our mortgage technology revenues are derived from our comprehensive U.S. residential mortgage platform, which is intended to enable greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans. We have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2022, which include data services, listings, and various mortgage technology solutions. The evolution of existing products and new product innovation to serve emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements is crucial for maintaining competitive advantage and operational efficiency.