Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We focus on making our technology easy and safe to use. Our da Vinci products fall into five broad categories: da Vinci surgical systems, da Vinci instruments and accessories, da Vinci stapling, da Vinci energy, and da Vinci vision, including Firefly fluorescence imaging systems and da Vinci endoscopes. We also provide a comprehensive suite of systems, learning, and services offerings. These offerings aim to decrease variability by providing dependable, consistent functionality and an integrated user experience. Our systems category includes robotic platforms, software, vision, energy, and instruments and accessories. Our learning category includes educational technology, such as simulation and telepresence, as well as technical training programs and personalized peer-to-peer learning opportunities. Our services category assists and optimizes minimally invasive programs through readiness, on-demand support, consultation for minimally invasive program optimization, and hospitals customized analytics. Within our integrated ecosystem, our focus is to decrease variability in surgery by offering actionable insights, with digital solutions, to take action with the potential to improve outcomes, personalize learning, and optimize efficiency. We have commercialized the following da Vinci surgical systems: the da Vinci standard surgical system in 1999, the da Vinci S surgical system in 2006, the da Vinci Si surgical system in 2009, and the fourth generation da Vinci Xi surgical system in 2014. The success of the da Vinci SP surgical system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures for which it has been cleared as well as securing additional clinical clearances. We offer approximately 70 different multi-port da Vinci instruments to provide surgeons with flexibility in choosing the types of tools needed to perform a particular surgery. We offer advanced instrumentation for the da Vinci X and da Vinci Xi platforms, including da Vinci energy and da Vinci stapler products, to provide surgeons with sophisticated, computer-aided tools to precisely and efficiently interact with tissue. We are engaged in activities to seek to mitigate supply disruptions, but the global supply chain shortages will remain a challenge for the foreseeable future. The current macroeconomic environment is impacting our customers financially and operationally as well. Hospitals are experiencing staffing shortages and supply chain issues that could affect their ability to provide patient care. Additionally, hospitals are facing significant financial pressure as supply chain constraints and inflation drive up operating costs. As a consequence of the financial pressures and decreased profitability, some hospitals have indicated that they are lowering their capital investment plans and tightening their operational budgets. We believe that these factors have contributed to a softening in our U.S. capital pipeline, and we expect that demand for capital, particularly in the U.S., will continue to be impacted while macroeconomic conditions remain challenging. We believe that growth in these global markets is being driven by increased acceptance among surgeons and health systems, supported by expanded global evidence validating the clinical and economic value of da Vinci procedures as well as increased surgeon training. The installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems also facilitate management's internal comparisons of our historical performance. We believe that both IT and investors benefit from referring to the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods.