The ITW business model is the company's core source of value creation and defines how ITW creates value for its shareholders. The 80/20 front-to-back process is a proprietary, holistic business management process that generates significant value for the company and its customers. Through the application of data-driven insights generated by the 80/20 practice, ITW focuses on its largest and best opportunities and eliminates cost, complexity, and distractions associated with less profitable opportunities. This process enables ITW businesses to consistently achieve world-class operational excellence in product availability, quality, and innovation while generating superior financial performance. ITW's decentralized, entrepreneurial culture allows businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive, providing significant flexibility to customize approaches to best serve specific customer needs. The company undertook a complete review of its performance, focusing on delivering consistent above-market growth with best-in-class margins and returns, developing a strategy to replicate that performance across its operations. The strategic sourcing initiative established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability at ITW, delivering an average of one percent reduction in spend each year from 2013 through 2022. The company shifted its focus to preparing for and accelerating organic growth, reapplying the 80/20 front-to-back process to optimize its newly scaled-up divisions for growth, first to build a foundation of operational excellence and second to identify the best opportunities to drive organic growth. ITW has demonstrated superior 80/20 management, resulting in meaningful incremental improvement in margins and returns. The company has focused on leveraging the performance power of the ITW business model to achieve full-potential organic growth in every division, with specific focus on customer-back innovation and strategic sales excellence. The acquisition of the MTS test & simulation business is expected to improve operating margin performance in later years through the application of the company's 80/20 front-to-back process. Throughout the global pandemic, ITW's capabilities and competitive advantages, built through the execution of its enterprise strategy, provided the company with options to respond effectively. The company has maintained a strong focus on delivering strong results in any environment while executing its long-term strategy to achieve and sustain full potential performance. The company's portfolio operates in highly diverse end markets and geographies, making it more resilient in the face of uncertain or volatile market environments. ITW routinely evaluates its portfolio to ensure it delivers sustainable differentiation and drives consistent long-term performance. The company focuses on high-quality businesses, ensuring it operates in markets with positive long-term macro fundamentals and with customers that have critical needs and value ITW's differentiated products, services, and solutions. The company has made considerable progress on its path to full potential, with every division focused on operating at its full potential to drive sustainable, high-quality organic growth. The 80/20 front-to-back practice excellence will continue to be driven in every division, producing further customer-facing performance improvement and additional structural margin expansion at the enterprise level.