We are a leading supplier of process control and yield management solutions and services for the semiconductor and related electronics industries. Our broad portfolio of inspection and metrology products, and related service, software and other offerings, support R&D and manufacturing of ICs, wafers and reticles. The pervasive and increasing needs for semiconductors in many consumer and industrial products, the rapid proliferation of new applications for more advanced semiconductor devices, and the increasing complexity associated with leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing drives demand for our process control and yield management solutions. These trends also drive demand for our other products such as those used in the PCB, FPD and specialty semiconductor manufacturing, where the increase in technology complexity is expected to continue and further accelerate as more devices become interconnected and dependent on other electronic devices. The favorable end market dynamics are driving our customers to make increased investments in our process control and yield management solutions as part of their overall capital investment plans. As technological innovation is essential to our success, we may incur significant costs associated with R&D projects, including compensation for engineering talent, engineering material costs and other expenses. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. We believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our R&D. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies. Our solutions are generally not sold with a right of return, nor have we experienced significant returns from or refunds to our customers. Our portfolio includes yield enhancement and production solutions for manufacturing wafers and reticles, ICs, packaging, PCBs and FPDs, as well as comprehensive support and services across our installed base. The increase in product revenues by 39% in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year is primarily attributable to strong demand for many of our products, especially our inspection, metrology and specialty semiconductor process portfolios as customers prioritize technology development investments and also expand their capacity to meet resilient semiconductor end customer demand. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. Changes in gross margin, which are driven by the revenue volume of products and services, reflect our ability to leverage existing infrastructure to generate higher revenues. The increase in our gross margin from 59.9% to 61.0% during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 is primarily attributable to a higher revenue volume of products and services sold and a more profitable mix of products and services sold, partially offset by an increase in service and manufacturing costs. We continue to monitor our supply chain and work with our suppliers to identify and mitigate potential gaps to ensure continuity of supply. Our business is affected by the concentration of our customer base and our customers' capital equipment procurement schedules as a result of their investment plans. Revenue is also impacted by average customer pricing, customer revenue deferrals associated with volume purchase agreements and the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We have historically financed our liquidity requirements through cash generated from operations. Our liquidity may be affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, spending for business acquisitions, and other factors such as uncertainty in the global and regional economies and the semiconductor, semiconductor-related and electronic device industries.