Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in understanding and assessing significant changes and trends related to our company's results of operations and financial position. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of potential new medicines. We view our business development activity as a way to enhance our pipeline and strengthen our business. We have undertaken compensatory actions to improve retention and address wage inflation, which will increase compensation costs and impact our consolidated results of operations. We recognize acquired in-process research and development (IPR&D) and development milestones that included the buy-out of substantially all future obligations that were contingent upon the occurrence of certain events linked to the success of our mutant-selective PI3Kα inhibitor and a purchase of a priority review voucher. We recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges primarily related to an intangible asset impairment for GBA1 gene therapy due to changes in estimated launch timing. Our research and development expenses increased, driven primarily by higher development expenses for late-stage assets. The establishment of payment limits or other restrictions by drug affordability review boards and other state-level actors would similarly impact us. We expect additional internal and contracted manufacturing capacity will become fully operational around the world in the next several years, with significant expansion as part of our ongoing efforts to meet the significant demand for our incretin medicines. We have faced challenges meeting strong demand for our incretin products, including due to the limited and fluctuating availability of competitor therapies. We expect that lower revenue for Humalog due to realized price decline will continue over time. We believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow and our access to short-term and long-term borrowings, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements. Our management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. We anticipate our cash requirements related to ordinary course purchases of goods and services will be consistent with our past levels relative to revenues. We have entered into various agreements for contract manufacturing and for supply of materials, which could require us to pay up to approximately $4.5 billion if we do not purchase specified amounts of goods or services over the durations of the agreements. Our effective tax rate reflects the favorable tax impact of the implementation of a provision in the 2017 tax act that requires capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses for tax purposes starting in 2022. We recognize revenue primarily from two different types of contracts, product sales to customers and collaborations and other arrangements. We recognize both accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. We acquire and collaborate on potential products still in development and enter into research and development arrangements with third parties that often require milestone and royalty payments to the third party contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development. We believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are both appropriate and sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns.