Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the future requirements of 21st century security, which aims to integrate new and existing systems across all domains with advanced, open-architecture networking and operational technologies to make forces more agile, adaptive, and unpredictable. Key to enabling the success of our strategy is developing differentiating technologies, forging strategic partnerships, executing on our multi-year business transformation initiative to enhance our digital infrastructure, and increasing efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business. We invest substantially in our people to ensure that our workforce has the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally in innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. We are engaged in significant classified development programs and expect to begin the transition from development to production over the next few years, with multiple programs entering early production phases between 2023 and 2026. Our ongoing efforts to mitigate supply chain risks include deploying resources at supplier sites to improve oversight and performance. We have accelerated payments to our suppliers to protect our supply chain, which is critical for maintaining operational efficiency and meeting business needs. The impact of COVID-19 on our operations and financial performance remains uncertain, affecting our ability to execute programs in the expected timeframe. Our portfolio shaping activities involve strengthening our portfolio of products and services to meet current and future customer needs through independent research and development, acquisitions, and internal realignment activities. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and technologies that will expand or complement our current portfolio. We continue to evaluate our portfolio and will make strategic acquisitions or divestitures as appropriate, while deepening our connection to the commercial industry through cooperative partnerships, joint ventures, and equity investments. Our business segments are organized based on the nature of the products and services offered, and we monitor performance by focusing on net sales and operating profit. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied, primarily using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method, which reflects the continuous transfer of control to the customer. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services, and we assess risks to the achievement of technical, schedule, and cost aspects of our contracts. The majority of our sales are driven by pricing based on costs incurred to produce products or perform services under contracts with the U.S. government. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our ability to recover investments related to offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control. We expect to continue to look for opportunities to manage our pension liabilities through additional pension risk transfer transactions in future years, which could result in noncash settlement charges to earnings.