Lam Research Corporation has built a strong global presence with core competencies in areas like nanoscale applications enablement, advanced systems engineering, and a broad range of operational disciplines. Our core technical competency is integrating hardware, process, materials, software, and process control enabling results on the wafer. The demand from cloud computing, the Internet of Things (IoT), and other markets is driving the need for increasingly powerful and cost-efficient semiconductors. We believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and expertise in deposition, etch, and clean to facilitate significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. Our customer support business group provides products and services to maximize installed equipment performance, predictability, and operational efficiency. Several factors create opportunities for sustainable differentiation, including our focus on research and development, our ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base, and our collaborative focus with semi-ecosystem partners. We continue to make significant R&D investments focused on leading-edge deposition, etch, clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing processes. The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2022 was driven by an increase in employee-related costs due to increased headcount and spending for supplies. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our liquidity reserves are important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure, especially given the highly competitive nature of the semiconductor industry. Anticipated cash flows from operations, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, are expected to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, and capital expenditures. However, uncertainty in the global economy and the semiconductor industry could impact customer demand for our products and our ability to manage relationships with customers, suppliers, and creditors. Our focus on delivering multi-product solutions aims to enhance the value of our offerings to customers. The overall Asia region accounts for a majority of our revenues, reflecting substantial worldwide capacity investments for semiconductor manufacturing. We believe that secular demand for semiconductors will continue to drive sustainable growth for our products and services, and that technology inflections in our industry will lead to an increase in the served addressable market for our products and services in the deposition, etch, and clean businesses. Our ability to identify and invest in the breadth of our product portfolio to meet technology inflections is critical to maintaining our competitive advantage. The ongoing supply chain constraints and inflationary cost pressures may negatively impact our revenue and gross margin. We evaluate our deferred tax assets quarterly and will continue to assess the need for changes in valuation allowances. Our critical accounting policies reflect significant judgments and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements, including the recognition and valuation of revenue, inventory, warranty reserves, and income taxes. We recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers, and our contracts typically do not include significant financing components. We assess the valuation of all inventories, including manufacturing raw materials and finished goods, in each reporting period, and we monitor the performance and cost of warranty activities.