We made capital and technology expenditures of $332 million in 2022 and $183 million in 2021. Capital and technology expenditures in 2022 increased by $149 million compared to 2021, primarily reflecting higher spending on improvements to our worldwide technology systems. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential to our operations. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods in excess of the amounts already recorded, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations. Our centralized programs and services are designed to support our operational efficiency and enhance our IT capabilities. The ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. We continue to monitor global economic conditions, and although we are not currently seeing signs of a slowdown in lodging demand, the lodging booking window is short and trends can change quickly. Our technology infrastructure supports our business model, which emphasizes managing or franchising hotels rather than owning them. We believe that our IT capabilities, including the coordination of our assets and internal processes, are critical to transforming our firm into a competitive force. We also believe that our investments in technology resources will enhance our operational flexibility and improve our market responsiveness. The increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher revenue per available room driven by increases in both average daily rate and occupancy, higher profits at certain managed hotels, and unit growth, all of which are supported by our IT systems. The starwood data security incident highlighted the importance of information security and the need for robust IT governance to protect our organizational capabilities. We expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $850 million to $1 billion for 2023, including capital and technology expenditures, which are vital for maintaining our competitive advantage. Our strategic resource allocation includes investments in technology that enhance our operational efficiency and support our business transformation efforts. The growth in our system, which includes significant room additions and conversions from competitor brands, is facilitated by our IT capabilities that enable effective management of our development pipeline. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations, which underscores the importance of our IT investment decisions. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for achieving our organizational goals and enhancing our firm performance.