The company is implementing a comprehensive, multi-year finance and technology transformation initiative to migrate its general ledger, financial close, and consolidation processes onto new financial systems, aimed at increasing efficiency and modernizing the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. This initiative is not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the company's internal control over financial reporting. The company is performing the implementation in the ordinary course of business and will continue to monitor and modify, as needed, the design and operating effectiveness of key control activities to align with the updated business processes and capabilities of the new financial systems. The internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The company's internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company, provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements, and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. The company has assessed the design and effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting and believes that it is effective. The independent registered public accounting firm has audited the company's internal control over financial reporting and expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. The company also uses its investor website as a primary channel for disclosing key information to its investors, which may contain material and previously non-public information. The company provides goods or services related to various technology platforms to certain franchisees that are distinct from the franchise agreement because they do not require integration with other goods or services that the company provides. The company has determined that it is the principal in these arrangements, and accordingly, the related revenue is presented on a gross basis on the consolidated statement of income. The company has also recorded approximately $75 million of net tangible assets, $525 million of identifiable intangible assets, and $190 million of goodwill in conjunction with acquisitions of restaurants from franchisees to expand its company-operated restaurant footprint in key growth areas and to support key strategic franchising initiatives. The company has concluded that consolidation of any variable interest entities is not appropriate for the periods presented. The company evaluates its business relationships to identify potential variable interest entities and has not identified any indicators of impairment for its goodwill. The company has also implemented various technology platforms to enhance its operational efficiency and support its business strategies. The company's investments in technology are aimed at leveraging its IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance organizational performance. The company is committed to transforming its operations and leveraging technology to create value and improve its competitive position in the market.