Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on four strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence, creating a winning growth culture, and scaling sustainable snacking. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging of our attractive global footprint, strong core of iconic global and local brands, marketing, sales, distribution and cost excellence capabilities, and top talent with a growth mindset, will drive consistent top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We continue to take steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology and assets. We manage these costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing and tax planning. To remain competitive on our operating structure, we continue to work on programs to expand our profitability, such as our simplify to grow program, which is designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. We experienced significantly higher operating costs, including higher overall raw material, transportation, labor and fuel costs that have continued to rise. Our overall outlook for future snacks revenue growth remains strong; however, we anticipate ongoing volatility in response to COVID-related risks and supply chain issues, including labor and transportation constraints. We continue to evaluate the situation in Ukraine and Russia and our ability to control our operating activities and businesses on an ongoing basis, and we continue to consolidate both our Ukrainian and Russian subsidiaries. Our decision to suspend new capital investments in Russia has not had a material impact on our ability to meet demand within our Russian business during 2022. We believe the war in Ukraine has had a negative impact on our business throughout the rest of our Europe operating segment, but the impact of this is difficult to quantify. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. Core snacks categories continued to expand due to the continued growth of snacking as a consumer behavior around the world. As part of our strategic plan, we seek to drive category growth by leveraging our local and consumer-focused commercial approach, making investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets, and improving our availability across multiple channels. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets. We expect to continue to utilize our commercial paper program and international credit lines as needed. Our investments in JDE Peet's and KDP also provide us additional flexibility. Overall, we do not expect negative effects to our funding sources that would have a material effect on our liquidity, and we continue to monitor our operations in Europe and related effects from the war in Ukraine. We believe our ability to generate substantial cash from operating activities and readily access capital markets and secure financing at competitive rates are key strengths and give us significant flexibility to meet our short and long-term financial commitments. We monitor a number of developments and trends that could impact our revenue and profitability objectives, including demand, long-term demographics and consumer trends, and pricing adjustments to address new conditions. We believe our current plans for each of these brands reduce the risk of impairment in future periods, but if the brand earnings expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then a brand or brands could become impaired in the future.