The life insurance industry remains highly competitive, with larger companies having the ability to invest in brand equity, product development, technology optimization, risk management, and innovation, which are fundamental for sustained profitable growth. Insurers are increasingly seeking alternative sources of revenue, focusing on monetization of assets, fee-based services, and opportunities to offer comprehensive solutions, which include providing value-added services along with traditional products. Financial strength and flexibility, along with technology modernization, are prerequisites for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. The ability to adapt to changes in the competitive environment due to global market volatility, changing interest rates, uncertain economic conditions, and the COVID-19 pandemic is a significant differentiator for success in the life insurance and broader financial services industry. The company’s investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, which are generally well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. The management of investment portfolio and hedging market risks with derivatives is integral to the company’s strategy, which includes the use of freestanding interest rate, equity, credit, and currency derivatives to hedge certain invested assets and insurance liabilities. The company actively evaluates market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure free cash flow and capital objectives are met under a range of market conditions. The ongoing business operations are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and the economy, which may impact financing costs and market interest for debt or equity securities. The company maintains a substantial short-term liquidity position and liquid assets, which are critical components of liquidity and capital management. The liquidity management process includes monitoring and adjusting liquidity and capital plans based on market conditions and changing needs. The company’s risk management framework integrates various risk types, including market risk, credit risk, insurance risk, non-financial risk, and liquidity risk, with a focus on ensuring that all material risks are properly identified, measured, monitored, managed, and reported. The enterprise risk management function is responsible for maintaining and communicating the company's enterprise risk policies and for monitoring and analyzing all material risks. The company’s economic capital model accounts for the unique and specific nature of the risks inherent in its business, providing a basis for capital deployment. The asset/liability management process is liability-driven, balancing quality, diversification, asset/liability matching, liquidity, concentration, and investment return. The technology infrastructure supports the company's ability to manage risks and optimize investment returns, ensuring that assets and liabilities are reasonably aligned on a cash flow and duration basis. The company’s approach to managing information security risk is overseen by the enterprise chief information security officer, who is responsible for establishing and executing the company's information security strategy, which aims to protect information and technology assets through physical, technical, and administrative safeguards.