In this MD&A section, we discuss factors that have impacted our business as of the date of this Form 10-K. We continue to monitor the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes. High rates of inflation occurred in 2022, driven by increasing global energy, commodity and food prices, which were further exacerbated by other factors, including supply and demand imbalances, labor shortages and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Volatility in domestic and global economies and disruptions in the supply and distribution chains are expected to continue in 2023, resulting from several factors, including the ongoing impacts of inflation, supply and demand imbalances across many sectors such as energy and commodities, raw materials availability and geopolitical events. We continue to work to mitigate the potential negative impacts of these macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics on our businesses through, among other actions, proactive engagement with current and potential suppliers and distributors, the development of alternative sourcing strategies, entry into long-term supply contracts, evolution of our safety, health and environmental protocols at our facilities and prudent oversight of our liquidity. Tobacco companies are subject to broad and evolving regulatory and legislative frameworks that could have a material impact on our business. For example, the FDA has issued proposed product standards regarding menthol in cigarettes and characterizing flavors in cigars, and, in June 2022, the Biden administration published plans for future potential regulatory actions that include the FDA's plans to develop a proposed product standard that would establish a maximum nicotine level for cigarettes and certain other combustible tobacco products. In addition, certain states and localities are considering or have passed legislation to ban flavors in one or more tobacco products, including California where a ban on the sale of most tobacco products with characterizing flavors became effective in December 2022. We considered, among other factors, the impact of the FDA's actions in conducting our quarterly quantitative valuations of our investment in Juul during 2022, which resulted in us recording non-cash, pre-tax unrealized losses of approximately $1.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. The adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes have impacted global businesses, including ABI, and the global markets in 2022, and we expect this dynamic to continue in 2023. ABI's business has continued to be impacted by supply chain constraints across certain markets, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, inflation, commodity cost headwinds and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Additionally, the macroeconomic and geopolitical factors have contributed to significant changes in certain foreign exchange rates, including the euro to USD exchange rate, and in the global equity markets. We evaluated these and other factors related to the decline in the fair value of our equity investment in ABI below its carrying value, and concluded that the decline was other than temporary, which resulted in us recording a non-cash, pre-tax charge of $2.5 billion in the third quarter of 2022. While the impairment of our equity investment in ABI and reduction in the estimated fair value of our equity investment in Juul had a material adverse effect on our financial results in 2022, to date, our operating companies have not experienced any material adverse effects from the trends and developments discussed above. As the trends and developments discussed above evolve and new ones emerge, we will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business, investments and vision.