We are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection, new approaches in the commercial space to be more dynamic amidst changing market conditions, and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. Our goal is that each individual asset generates free-cash-flow back to the business and contributes to shareholder returns. With our investments, we are focused on high returning projects that we believe will enhance the competitiveness of our portfolio, including our investments in sustainable fuels and technologies that lower our carbon intensity as the global energy mix evolves. We are committed to achieving operational excellence by reducing costs, improving efficiency, driving operational improvements, and being disciplined in capital allocation. This means lowering our costs in all aspects of our business and challenging ourselves to be disciplined in every dollar we spend across our organization. Our approach to sustainability spans the environmental, social, and governance dimensions of our business, meaning strengthening resiliency by lowering carbon intensity and conserving natural resources; innovating for the future by investing in renewables and emerging technologies; and embedding sustainability in decision-making and in how we engage our people and many stakeholders. The joint venture reflects both partners' commitment to obtain low carbon intensity feedstocks to achieve the project objectives of providing fuels that meet the demand driven by the low carbon fuel standard. The facility is expected to ramp up to producing 730 million gallons per year by the end of 2023, with pretreatment capabilities coming online in 2023. We are committed to positioning our assets so that we are a leader in operational, financial, and sustainability performance and are evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio. The profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. Our refining & marketing margin is affected by the market indicators shown earlier, which use spot market values and an estimated mix of crude purchases and product sales. The profitability of our midstream segment is affected by prevailing commodity prices primarily as a result of processing or conditioning at our own or third-party processing plants. The volume of refined products that we transport, store, distribute, and market is directly affected by the production levels of, and user demand for, refined products in the markets served by our refined product pipelines and marine operations. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. The 2023 capital investment plan for MPC and MPLX includes all of the planned capital spending for refining & marketing and corporate as well as a portion of the planned capital investments for midstream. Major capital projects completed over the last three years have focused on refinery optimization, production of higher value products, increased capacity to upgrade residual fuel oil, and expanded export capacity. We also focused on projects such as the Martinez facility conversion, the STAR project at our Galveston Bay refinery, which is scheduled to complete in the first half of 2023, and projects expected to reduce future operating costs. Our capital investment plan for 2023 totals approximately $1.3 billion for capital projects and investments, excluding capitalized interest, potential acquisitions, and MPLX's capital investment plan. The refining & marketing segment's forecasted 2023 capital spending and investments is approximately $1.25 billion, which includes growth capital for low carbon projects and traditional projects that we expect will help us reduce future operating costs and improve the competitive position of our assets.