Merck & Co., Inc. is a global health care company that delivers innovative health solutions through its prescription medicines, including biologic therapies, vaccines, and animal health products. The company’s operations are managed on a product basis, encompassing two operating segments: pharmaceutical and animal health. Merck's existing research pipeline programs continue to be owned and developed within the company as planned. The company continues to execute strategic business development opportunities to augment its robust internal pipeline with compelling external science. Merck's capital allocation priorities are to make investments in its business to drive near- and long-term growth, including investing in opportunities to address important unmet medical needs and supporting the company's commercial opportunities. Research and development expenses in 2022 reflect higher clinical development spending particularly in the therapeutic areas of oncology, cardiovascular, infectious diseases, and vaccines. The company is also focused on pursuing opportunities that have the potential to drive both near- and long-term growth, actively monitoring the landscape for growth opportunities that meet its strategic criteria. Merck's strong financial profile enables it to fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products, and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. The company anticipates foreseeable liquidity and capital resource requirements to be met through existing cash and cash equivalents and anticipated cash flows from operations, as well as commercial paper borrowings and long-term borrowings if needed. Merck believes that its sources of financing will be adequate to meet its future requirements. The company is experiencing some minor disruption and volatility in its global supply chain network as a result of global macroeconomic conditions. These disruptions could increase in the future and cause delays in shipments of raw materials and packaging, as well as related cost inflation. The company is also working cross-functionally across the globe to monitor and mitigate interruptions to business continuity resulting from the war in Ukraine, including its impact on Merck's supply chain, operations, and clinical trials. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by changes in foreign exchange rates. The company manages operating activities and net asset positions at each local subsidiary to mitigate the effects of exchange on monetary assets and liabilities. Merck's digital infrastructure supports its business processes, enhancing operational efficiency and facilitating communication across its global operations. The company continues to invest in its technology capabilities, which are critical for maintaining its competitive advantage in the rapidly evolving healthcare landscape. The company’s strategic management practices include leveraging technology resources to optimize its research and development efforts, ensuring alignment with business needs, and enhancing organizational capabilities to respond to market dynamics effectively.