Nike has aligned its product creation and category organizations around a new consumer construct focused on men's, women's, and kids', continuing to invest in data and analytics, demand sensing, insight gathering, inventory management, and other areas to create an end-to-end technology foundation, which is expected to further accelerate its digital transformation. The company believes this unified approach will accelerate growth and unlock more efficiency for its business while driving speed and responsiveness as it serves consumers globally. During fiscal 2022, Nike continued to invest in its digital transformation and brand campaigns, expecting to maintain multi-year investment plans to transform its business for the future. Operating overhead expense increased primarily due to higher strategic technology investments and increases in wage-related expenses. Demand creation expense increased primarily due to normalization of spend against brand campaigns and continued investments in digital marketing to support heightened digital demand. The company has executed against the consumer direct acceleration strategy, which has resulted in a net reduction of its global workforce and incurred pre-tax charges related to employee termination costs. Despite challenges from the COVID-19 pandemic and market dynamics, Nike achieved record revenues, driven by higher revenues in various regions, and its Nike direct business continued to grow significantly. The company expects future annual wage-related savings will be reinvested to execute against the next phase of its strategy. The impacts of supply chain constraints and elevated transportation, logistics, and fulfillment costs have affected gross margin expansion. Nike's strategic technology investments are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting its digital capabilities. The company has also focused on balancing inventory across geographies and employing a seasonless approach to products to mitigate impacts from market dynamics. The transition to a distributor operating model in certain regions is expected to have a favorable impact on overall profitability over time. Nike's management believes that its consumer direct acceleration strategy continues to drive the business towards long-term financial goals, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging other resources and capabilities. The company remains committed to effectively managing its business and mitigating financial market risks to achieve its financial goals over the long term. As part of its operational strategies, Nike is focused on enhancing its technology infrastructure and capabilities to support business transformation and improve firm performance. The company recognizes the necessity of strategic resource allocation and investment in technology capabilities to maintain competitive advantage and respond to market dynamics effectively.