Servicenow was founded on a simple premise: a better technology platform will help work flow better. Our purpose is to make the world work better for everyone. We help global enterprises across industries, universities, and governments to digitize their workflows. The Now Platform seamlessly connects workflows across siloed organizations and systems in a way that unlocks productivity, improves experiences for both employees and customers, and delivers real business outcomes. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the Now Platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their employees and consumers. We organize our workflow applications along four primary areas: technology, customer and industry, employee, and creator. Our digital workflow products include the Now Platform, IT service management, strategic portfolio management, IT asset management, and enterprise management, among others. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2023, to increase in absolute dollars and increase slightly as a percentage of revenue as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. Our expectations for revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses for the year ending December 31, 2023, are based on the 31-day average of foreign exchange rates for December 31, 2022. We continue to be focused on deploying our internal professional services organization as a strategic resource and working with our partner ecosystem to contract directly with customers for implementation services delivery. We have generated positive operating cash flows for more than ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy, and we expect to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations during 2023. Our capital expenditures are typically under cancelable arrangements primarily used to support the installed base and growth of our hosted business. We have also issued long-term debt to finance our business. Our free cash flows, together with our other sources of liquidity, are available to service our liabilities as well as our cancellable and non-cancellable arrangements. We anticipate cash flows generated from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. We will continue to incur incremental costs to attract customers in regulated markets by adopting public cloud offerings as well as increased support for customers impacted by new and evolving data residency requirements. Our subscription gross profit percentage was 83% and 82% for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. We expect our subscription gross profit percentage to decrease slightly for the year ending December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in customer agreements for the fourth quarter is primarily a result of both large enterprise account buying patterns typical in the software industry, which are driven primarily by the expiration of annual authorized budgeted expenditures, and the terms of our commission plans, which incentivize our direct sales organization to meet their annual quotas by December 31. Our contracts are generally non-cancelable during the subscription term, though a customer can terminate for breach if we materially fail to perform. We derive our revenues predominantly from subscription revenues, which are primarily comprised of subscription fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service, related support, and updates, if any, to the subscribed service during the subscription term. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.