A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations. We rely on information technology, and improvements in that technology, in all aspects of our business. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of information technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, data breach, or other operational difficulties. Although we maintain comprehensive security programs designed to protect our information technology systems, we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks. Our business may be seriously harmed if we fail to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect and integrate our information technology systems. If we fail to develop, acquire or implement new technology, or otherwise fail to maintain, protect or integrate our information technology systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing alternative modes of transportation service. The increase in purchased services in 2022 was due to inflationary pressures which resulted in higher intermodal-related expenses, and increased operational and transportation expenses, as well as higher technology-related costs. Our ability to provide rail service to our customers depends in large part upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, data exchange and communications. Deterioration in the supply chain or operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. We face competition from other transportation providers. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. Any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation changing or materially increasing the efficiency or reducing the cost of one or more alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete with other modes of transportation. Our inability to comply with the requirements of existing or updated laws, regulations, or executive orders that govern our operations or the rail industry, including but not limited to those pertaining to commercial, operational, tax, safety, security, or cybersecurity matters, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. A significant cybersecurity incident could interrupt our service, cause safety failures or operational difficulties, decrease revenues, increase operating costs, impact our efficiency, damage our corporate reputation, and/or expose us to litigation or government action or increased regulation, which could result in penalties, fines or judgments. We also could be impacted by cybersecurity events targeting third parties that we rely on for business operations, including third party vendors that have access to our systems or data and third parties in our supply chain. Such a direct or indirect cybersecurity incident could interrupt our service and adversely affect our operations. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. The risk of incurring environmental liability, for acts and omissions, past, present, and future, is inherent in the railroad business.