We continue to make investments in technology a priority as companies look to leverage technology solutions to maintain operations, stay connected to employees, and increase productivity. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong service delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. A key component of our service delivery strategy is to be a proactive partner with our clients and to develop and release integrated solutions within Paychex Flex to meet their current and future needs. Our fiscal 2022 technology and solution developments provide a unique combination of data, technology, and service designed to meet the evolving needs of employers and employees. We have continued to evolve our products to help business leaders find, hire, and retain employees quickly and effectively with an eye on driving engagement and managing labor costs. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance solutions by being an essential partner to small- and medium-sized businesses across the U.S. and parts of Europe. We support our small-business clients, reducing the complexity and risk of running their own payroll, while ensuring greater accuracy with up-to-date tax rates and regulatory information. Our portfolio of HCM and employee benefit-related services is disaggregated into two categories, (1) management solutions and (2) PEO and insurance solutions. We believe that success in this mission will lead to strong, long-term financial performance. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in sales and marketing and leading-edge technology. We continue to strengthen our position in the industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, businesses of all sizes, and other interested parties. Our unique blend of technology solutions and expertise provides valuable tools and resources to assist our clients and their employees. We believe the need for HR outsourcing services has been moving down-market, and any of our clients on Paychex Flex can opt for the integrated suite of HCM solutions, which allows clients to choose the services and software that will meet the needs of their business. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. We have maintained health and safety standards for employees meeting all regulatory requirements while providing greater levels of flexibility to employees. Our technology and solution developments include the Paychex Employee Retention Tax Credit service, which helps businesses retroactively identify tax credits based on wages already paid, and the Talent Dashboard, which brings retention insights, time off balances, and performance ratings in one place. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. We continually evaluate the nature and extent of changes to the market and economic conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and assess the potential impact on our business and financial position. Our technology solutions are designed to help our clients navigate these challenges, and we remain committed to supporting our clients to help them navigate these challenges.