We are focused on investing to modernize our energy infrastructure, improve reliability and resilience, increase energy efficiency and deliver cleaner energy to meet customer expectations and be well aligned with public policy objectives. Our business plan focuses on achieving growth by allocating capital primarily toward regulated investments in an effort to continue to improve the sustainability and predictability of our business. In furtherance of these goals, our investments have simplified our business mix to reflect a higher percentage of earnings contribution by PSE&G. We expect to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance to capitalize on or otherwise address regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business and to respond to the issues and challenges described. Our capital investment program is estimated to be in a range of $15.5 billion to $18 billion for the years 2023-2027, resulting in an expected compound annual growth in rate base of 6% to 7.5% from year-end 2022 to year-end 2027. We are required to file a distribution base rate case to recover capital expenditures associated with these programs, as well as the advanced metering infrastructure and electric vehicle programs, and other investments that are not recovered through periodic rate roll-ins. We continue to evaluate and are working toward developing and submitting science-based emission reduction targets following the criteria and recommendations of the Science Based Targets Initiative by September 2023. PSE&G's approved clean energy programs are intended to support New Jersey's energy master plan through programs designed to help customers increase their energy efficiency, support the expansion of the electric vehicle infrastructure in the state, install energy storage capacity to supplement solar generation and enhance grid resiliency, install smart meters and supporting infrastructure to allow for the integration of other clean energy technologies and to more efficiently respond to weather and other outage events. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term shareholder value and address the interests of our multiple stakeholders. We consider a wide variety of factors when determining how and when to efficiently deploy capital, including the performance and prospects of our businesses; returns and the sustainability and predictability of future earnings streams; the views of investors, regulators, public policy initiatives, rating agencies, customers and employees; our existing indebtedness and restrictions it imposes; and tax considerations, among other things. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance to capitalize on or otherwise address regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business and to respond to the issues and challenges described. We are also committed to the safe and reliable delivery of natural gas to approximately 1.9 million customers throughout New Jersey and we are equally committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with such operations. The first phase of our gas system modernization program replaced approximately 450 miles of cast-iron and unprotected steel gas main infrastructure, and the second phase of this program is expected to replace an additional 875 miles of gas pipes through 2023. Through GSMP II, we expect to reduce methane leaks by approximately 22% system-wide and assuming a continuation of GSMP, we expect to achieve an overall reduction in methane emissions of approximately 60% over the 2011 through 2030 period. We are actively engaged in the proceedings related to the development of offshore wind generation and have submitted proposals in response to solicitations for transmission projects to support New Jersey's planned offshore wind generation.