The company relies on and maintains key company and third-party information and operational technology systems, networks, and services, and maintains the security and functionality of such systems, networks, and services and the data contained therein. The organizational structure includes corporate functions that provide company-level strategy and portfolio analysis, corporate accounting, treasury, tax, external relations, governance, human resources, information technology, and legal services. Global business services provide scaled services in technology, process, and data tools to enable sector business units, enterprise markets, and corporate functions to better serve consumers and customers. The company competes in daily-use product categories where performance plays a significant role in consumer choice of brands, and therefore, plays to its strengths. The company’s strategic focus includes leveraging environmental sustainability as an additional driver of superior performing products and packaging innovations, increasing digital acumen to drive consumer and customer preference, reduce cost, and enable rapid and efficient decision-making, and developing next-level supply chain capabilities to enable flexibility, agility, resilience, and a new level of productivity adapting to a new reality. The company acts with agility and is constructively disrupting its highly competitive industry and the way it does business, including how it innovates, communicates, and leverages new technologies to create more value. The company believes that ongoing productivity improvement is crucial to delivering balanced top- and bottom-line growth, cash generation, and value creation objectives. Productivity improvements enable investments to strengthen the superiority of its brands via product and packaging innovation, more efficient and effective supply chains, equity and awareness-building brand advertising, and other programs and expansion of sales coverage and R&D programs. The company has declared four focus areas to strengthen its performance going forward, which include leveraging environmental sustainability, increasing digital acumen, developing supply chain capabilities, and delivering employee value equations for all roles to ensure it continues to attract, retain, and develop the best talent. The company’s ability to successfully manage global financial risks, including foreign currency fluctuations and localized volatility, is critical to its operational flexibility and market-based performance. The ability to stay on the leading edge of innovation and successfully respond to changing consumer habits and technological advances is essential for maintaining competitive advantage. The company also emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.