We are a leading international tobacco company working to deliver a smoke-free future and to evolve our portfolio for the long term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. This investment includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. To further support the growth of our smoke-free business, reinforce consumer centricity, and increase the speed of innovation and deployment, we rearranged our operations in four geographical segments. The swedish match acquisition is a key milestone in our transformation to becoming a smoke-free company. By joining forces with swedish match, we expect to accelerate the achievement of our joint smoke-free ambitions, switching more adults who would otherwise continue to smoke to better alternatives faster than either company could achieve separately. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. We have a range of reduced-risk products in various stages of development, scientific assessment, and commercialization. Our smoke-free products were available for sale in 73 markets as of December 31, 2022. The swedish match product portfolio is complementary to our existing portfolio, permitting us to bring together a leading oral nicotine product with the leading heat-not-burn product. We are continuously assessing the evolving situation in russia, including recent regulatory constraints in the market that entail very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities. We will report our financial results based on the new geographical segments as of the first quarter of 2023. Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 175 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. We are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions that are otherwise compliant with law. The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, from the comparable 2021 amounts were influenced by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. We recorded pre-tax charges related to the war in ukraine, including humanitarian efforts, which have and will continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. We aim to expand into wellness and healthcare areas through our vectura fertin pharma subsidiary, with a strong foundation and significant expertise in life sciences.