We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. A key element of our strategy is to differentiate the customer experience, leveraging technology to make banking easier for our customers. We are focused on consistently engaging both our employees and customers, which is a strong driver of customer growth, retention, and relationship expansion. Our deposit strategy of retail banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances, executing on market-specific deposit growth strategies and providing a source of low-cost funding and liquidity to PNC. We aim to grow our market share and drive higher returns by delivering value-added solutions that help our clients better run their organizations, all while maintaining prudent risk and expense management. We continue to focus on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive. The deposit strategy of corporate & institutional banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances over time, executing on customer and segment-specific deposit growth strategies and continuing to provide funding and liquidity to PNC. We are actively monitoring the interest rate environment and making adjustments to our deposit strategy in response to evolving market conditions, bank funding needs, and client relationship dynamics. Our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines. The technology committee oversees technology strategy and significant technology initiatives and programs, including those that can position the use of technology to drive strategic advantages, and fulfills the oversight responsibilities delegated from the risk committee with respect to technology risk, technology risk management, cybersecurity, information security, business continuity, and significant technology initiatives and programs. We are focused on meeting the financial needs of customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking, payments, and investment products. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk. The framework provides a disciplined and structured process for us to manage operational risk across eight operational risk domains, including technology and systems, which encompasses the risk associated with the use, operation, and adoption of technology. We utilize operational risk management programs within the framework, including risk and control self-assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event reviews and analysis, to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our risk management framework consists of policies, processes, personnel, and control systems. Risk controls and limits provide the linkage from our risk appetite statement and associated guiding principles to the risk-taking activities of our businesses. We are also continually assessing our current branch network for optimization opportunities as usage of alternative channels has increased. Our ability to determine, evaluate, and forecast regulatory capital ratios, and to take actions based on actual or forecasted capital ratios, will be dependent at least in part on the development, validation, and regulatory review of related models and the reliability of and risks resulting from extensive use of such models.