We have implemented various initiatives to manage the adverse impacts, such as enhancements in operational processes and investments in technology to reduce payroll hours, achievement of economies of scale from recent acquisitions with supervisory payroll allocated over a broader number of self-storage facilities, and investments in solar power and LED lights to lower utility usage. Centralized management costs increased 11.9% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and 12.7% in 2021 as compared to 2020. These increases were due primarily to an increase in technology and data team costs that support property operations. We expect centralized management costs to remain flat in 2023 compared to 2022. In order to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors, we have embarked on our multi-year property of tomorrow program to enhance the energy efficiency of our properties and upgrade the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. We spent approximately $189 million on the program in 2022 and expect to spend approximately $160 million in 2023 on this effort. We have made investments in LED lighting and the installation of solar panels, which approximated $56 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and we expect to spend $132 million in 2023. We believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers and, in the case of LED lighting and solar panels, reduce operating costs. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and our earnings growth is impacted by the levels of growth within our same store facilities as well as within our acquired facilities and newly developed and expanded facilities. We have experienced recent inflationary impacts on our cost of operations, including labor, utilities, and repairs and maintenance, and costs of development and expansion activities, and we may continue to experience such impacts in the future. The increase in net operating income of $244.2 million for the non-same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2021 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities. We expect the trends to continue in 2023. We believe that our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run. However, in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost, as well as the related construction and development overhead expenses included in general and administrative expense. We expect to continue to seek to add projects to maintain and increase our robust pipeline. Our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage facilities in certain municipalities. We expect to satisfy these cash requirements through operating cash flow and opportunistic debt and equity financings. Our current committed cash requirements consist of property acquisitions currently under contract and remaining spending on our current development pipeline, which will be incurred primarily in the next 18 to 24 months. We believe that our cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing cash requirements for interest payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future.