The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses included a $7.7 million increase in information technology expenses. Our acquisition of Blattner in the fourth quarter of 2021 had a significant incremental impact on our ability to perform these services during 2022. We have also experienced high demand for new and expanded transmission, substation, and distribution infrastructure needed to reliably transport power. The transition to a reduced-carbon economy is continuing to drive demand for renewable generation and related infrastructure, as well as interconnection services necessary to connect and transmit renewable-generated electricity to existing electric power delivery systems. Our revenues increased due to a $1.95 billion increase in revenues from our renewable energy infrastructure solutions segment, a $1.32 billion increase in revenues from our electric power infrastructure solutions segment, and a $824.4 million increase in revenues from our underground utility and infrastructure solutions segment. The increase in operating income was primarily due to the increase in revenues associated with the acquisition of Blattner. However, the decrease in operating margin was attributable to lower margins on a large renewable transmission project in Canada, a change in the mix of work due to acquisitions, project delays, and operating inefficiencies due to regulatory and supply chain challenges in the utility scale solar industry. Additionally, our performance in this segment was impacted less by the COVID-19 pandemic and challenges in the overall energy market during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in corporate and non-allocated costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to a $188.6 million increase in intangible asset amortization, largely associated with the acquisition of Blattner, and an increase in compensation expense along with general and administrative expenses resulting from the growth of the business. Our remaining performance obligations represent management's estimate of consolidated revenues that are expected to be realized from the remaining portion of firm orders under fixed price contracts not yet completed or for which work has not yet begun. We believe this measure enables management to more effectively forecast our future capital needs and results and better identify future operating trends that may not otherwise be apparent. The estimation of contract revenues and costs, including changes in estimates, progress on construction projects, variable consideration, and collectability of accounts receivable, long-term accounts receivable, unbilled receivables, retainage, and contract assets, including amounts related to unapproved change orders and claims in the process of being negotiated, is crucial for our financial reporting. Our industry is capital intensive, and we expect substantial capital expenditures and commitments for equipment purchases and equipment lease and rental arrangements to be needed into the foreseeable future in order to meet anticipated demand for our services. We also expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions and investments, although we cannot predict the timing or amount of the cash needed for these initiatives. The mix of revenues based on the types of services we provide in a given period will impact margins, as certain industries and services provide higher-margin opportunities.