The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for future periods, business and industry prospects, or future results of operations or financial position. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have discussed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. We believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates are as follows: management's plan and liquidity in the face of the global pandemic impact of COVID-19, we paused our guest cruise operations in March 2020 and began resuming guest cruise operations in 2021, with our full fleet in service by June 2022. As part of our liquidity management, we rely on estimates of our future liquidity which include numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal assumptions used to estimate our future liquidity consist of our continued pursuit of various opportunities to raise additional capital to fund obligations associated with future debt maturities and/or to extend the maturity dates associated with our existing indebtedness or facilities. We periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long-term views on our intended use of each class of ships and the planned level of improvements to maintain and enhance vessels within those classes. We use judgment when estimating the period between drydocks, which can result in adjustments to the estimated amortization of drydock costs. We also use judgment when identifying costs incurred during a drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification as compared to those costs attributable to repairs and maintenance which are expensed as incurred. We believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. However, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. We have evaluated our estimated ship useful lives and projected residual values in light of our current environment and determined that there are no changes to these estimates. We continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. If any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities, or through cash flows from operations. We have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately $7.6 billion of committed financing for our ships on order. Our obligations due through December 31, 2023 primarily consisted of $2.1 billion related to debt maturities, $1.3 billion related to interest on debt, and $2.7 billion related to progress payments on our ship orders. The company continually identifies and evaluates actions to maintain adequate liquidity, including further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses, and administrative costs and additional financings. We anticipate overall full-year capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, will be approximately $4.1 billion for 2023. We have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted on our cash flows, liquidity, and financial position by the COVID-19 pandemic. The suspension of operations strained our sources of cash flow and liquidity, causing us to take actions resulting in reductions in our operating expenses, reductions in our capital expenses, and new financings and other liquidity actions.