Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a fully integrated biotechnology company that invents, develops, manufactures, and commercializes medicines for people with serious diseases. Our ability to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing Eylea and Dupixent, as well as on whether we are able to obtain regulatory approval for aflibercept 8 mg and are successful in commercializing it. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts and the timing of certain expenses. We have entered into various collaborative arrangements to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize products and/or product candidates, which may require us to deliver various rights, services, and/or goods across the entire life cycle of a product or product candidate. The lengthy process of seeking FDA and other applicable approvals, and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial resources. We are unable to reasonably estimate if our product candidates in clinical development will generate material product revenues and net cash inflows. There are numerous uncertainties associated with drug development, including uncertainties related to safety and efficacy data from each phase of drug development, uncertainties related to the enrollment and performance of clinical trials, and changes in the competitive landscape affecting a product candidate. Our research and development expenses increased in 2022, compared to 2021, partially due to the impact of the amendments to the Sanofi collaboration agreements. We also anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for our marketed products, which will depend on the market potential for product candidates and whether commercialization costs are shared with a collaborator. The amount required to fund operations will depend on various factors, including the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates and the timing thereof. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under the 2022 credit facility, funds generated by anticipated product sales, and funding for reimbursement of research and development costs that we are entitled to receive under our collaboration agreements, will enable us to meet our anticipated operating needs for the foreseeable future. Our financial condition is summarized as follows: as of December 31, 2022, we had borrowing availability of $750.0 million under a revolving credit facility. We expect continued significant capital expenditures over the next several years in connection with the planned expansion of our Tarrytown, New York campus. We also recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. The company recognizes the financial statement effects of a tax position when management's assessment is that there is more than a 50% probability that the position will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority based upon its technical merits. We periodically analyze our inventory levels to identify inventory that may expire prior to expected sale or has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable value. We capitalize inventory costs associated with our products prior to regulatory approval when, based on management's judgment, future commercialization is considered probable and the future economic benefit is expected to be realized.