The company focuses on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our operations include original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. We continuously monitor labor market conditions and trends and work to mitigate constraints through talent acquisition, partnership, sourcing and recruiting arrangements, workforce succession planning, and initiatives to attract, retain, and rehire former employees. The company plans to determine the exact composition of each segment and implement the reorganization in the second half of 2023. We work continuously to mitigate the effects of supply chain and labor constraints through targeted activities and ongoing programs. The company has had difficulties procuring necessary materials, including raw materials, components, and other supplies, and services on a timely basis or at all. Our defense business serves both domestic and international customers primarily as a prime contractor or subcontractor on a broad portfolio of defense and related programs for government customers. The anticipated increase in new aircraft deliveries and increased demand for our products and services will add to these supply chain and labor market challenges. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. We maintain a strong focus on program execution and the prudent management of capital and investments in order to maximize operating income and cash. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We focus on adjusted earnings per share (EPS) and measures to assess our cash generation and the efficiency and effectiveness of our use of capital, such as free cash flow. The change in corporate expenses and other unallocated items was primarily driven by an increase in information technology-related costs at corporate, Collins, and Pratt & Whitney. The company’s IT capabilities have become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. We believe these metrics are strong indicators of our overall performance and our ability to create shareowner value. The company’s IT investment is essential for operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, supporting business innovation and transformation. Our ability to repurchase shares is subject to applicable law, and we may also reacquire shares outside of the program from time to time in connection with the surrender of shares to cover taxes on vesting of restricted stock. The company’s digital transformation efforts are focused on enhancing operational flexibility and improving decision-making speed. The ongoing recovery in commercial air travel continues to be positively correlated to corporate profits, which further emphasizes the importance of our IT capabilities in adapting to market dynamics and consumer demands.