The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and resources. 2022 was transformative for SLB as we set new safety, operational, and performance benchmarks for our customers and strengthened our market position both internationally and in North America. We launched our bold new brand identity, reinforcing our leadership position in energy technology, digital, and sustainability, and demonstrated our ability to deliver superior earnings in this early phase of a structural upcycle in energy. We effectively harnessed our refocused portfolio, fit-for-basin technology, and performance differentiation to gain greater market access and improved pricing, particularly in the drilling markets where we significantly outperformed rig count growth. Additionally, pricing continues to trend favorably, extending beyond North America and into the international regions, supported by new technology and very tight equipment and service capacity in certain markets. The secular trends of digital and decarbonization are set to accelerate with significant digital technology advancements, favorable government policy support, and increased spending on low-carbon initiatives and resources. Digital & Integration revenue of $3.7 billion increased 13% year on year, primarily driven by increased asset performance solutions project activity and higher exploration data licensing sales. Digital & Integration pretax operating margin expanded largely due to improved profitability in exploration data licensing. The increase in working capital was largely the result of receivables increasing significantly, driven primarily by the fact that SLB's fourth quarter 2022 revenue increased 27% as compared to the same period last year. The increase in inventories was a result of the significant activity growth that SLB experienced in 2022 that is expected to continue in 2023. SLB's investment in the Arabian Drilling Company, an onshore and offshore gas and oil rig drilling company in Saudi Arabia, reflects its capability to leverage strategic resources and enhance operational efficiency. The combination of these effects will result in a very favorable mix for SLB with significant growth opportunities in our core, digital, and new energy, and we expect another year of very strong growth and margin expansion. The digital technologies deployed have facilitated improved profitability and operational flexibility, contributing to the overall performance gains and competitive advantage in the market. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of technology, knowledge, practices, and management skills to further organizational goals. The effective mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with other capabilities have become essential in transforming SLB into a competitive force. The anticipated acceleration of activity in the Middle East, as revenue in the region increased by double digits, underscores the importance of strategic resource allocation and technology integration in achieving business objectives. The digital and integration segment's strong performance, driven by increased project activity and digital sales internationally, highlights the critical role of IT capabilities in supporting business needs and enhancing market responsiveness.