We are a provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics, and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity, automotive, and engineering markets. Our purpose is to accelerate progress by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. In 2022, we completed the merger with IHS Markit, which has brought together two world-class organizations with leading brands and capabilities across information services, uniquely positioning us to serve and power the markets of the future. Our strategy includes enhancing customer support and seamless user experience with a focus on the discoverability, distribution, and delivery of our products and services and integrated capabilities. We continue to invest in customer-facing solutions and processes, and we are committed to the efficient integration, accessibility, and governance of enterprise data assets. This includes a focus on sustainability data, data science, and enterprise-wide data management through the formation of a data council to drive enterprise value creation. We are also advancing our transition to optimize technology spending practices, shifting the balance towards funding higher growth innovation, and establishing key spend benchmarks. Our ongoing commitment to risk management, compliance, and control across S&P Global is essential in navigating the regulatory environment affecting our businesses. The market for data, analytical capabilities, and research services is intensely competitive, and we compete based on the quality and range of our data, analytical capabilities, research services, client service, reputation, price, geographic scope, and technological innovation. Our market intelligence segment focuses on developing key product offerings in growth areas such as environmental, social, and governance (ESG) and leveraging technology investments for new product launches and innovation. The mobility segment operates globally, providing critical information and insights to vehicle manufacturers, suppliers, and service providers, while the indices segment maintains a wide variety of valuation and index benchmarks, generating revenue from asset-linked fees and data subscription arrangements. Our engineering solutions business, which was acquired through the merger, provides technical professionals with information and insight required to design products effectively and optimize engineering projects. We continue to focus on developing new products and product features leveraging technology investments and addressing the evolving regulatory landscape. Our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are critical in achieving our business objectives and enhancing our competitive advantage in the market. We are committed to ensuring that our IT capabilities evolve to support our business strategies and enhance our operational efficiencies, thereby driving performance gains and creating business value.