The integration of acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. Our selective acquisition strategy has also been an important contribution to the growth of our business. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. The aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. Our current initiatives include creating new products that are more environmentally friendly and creating new products that will help further improve commercial airlines' efforts to keep passengers healthy and safe. The continued application of our three core value-driven operating strategies, coupled with fixed overhead costs incurred being spread over a higher production volume, resulted in gross profit as a percentage of net sales increasing. The change in EBITDA as defined for the power & control segment from acquisitions and divestitures was not material for fiscal 2022. The increase in EBITDA as defined was primarily due to higher organic sales, particularly in the commercial aftermarket and OEM channels, and positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs. We believe our significant cash liquidity will allow us to meet our anticipated funding requirements. We expect to meet our short-term cash liquidity requirements through net cash from operating activities, cash on hand, and, if needed, draws on the revolving credit facility. The company may issue additional debt if prevailing market conditions are favorable to doing so. We are continuing to strategically manage the company's cash and cash equivalents in response to the ongoing inflationary environment, COVID-19 pandemic, and related uncertainty of the duration and impact on the company's business. The company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations. The securitization facility effectively increases the company's borrowing capacity depending on the amount of the domestic operations' trade accounts receivable. The company uses the proceeds from the securitization facility as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs. The company has borrowed under the securitization facility, which is fully drawn. The company continues to actively manage its accounts receivable, the related agings, and collection efforts in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors. The company estimates its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2023 to be approximately 2% to 3% of net sales, which is consistent with its historical annual spend as a percentage of net sales. The company's capital expenditures incurred from year-to-year are funded using existing cash on hand and are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. The company has significant experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into its operations, which is essential for leveraging IT capabilities to support business strategies and enhance operational efficiency.