This year was a strategic turning point for Truist as we began to shift our focus to executional excellence and purposeful growth. We showed care for our teammates with a bold increase in our minimum wage; created new ways to meet clients' needs through initiatives like Truist One Banking and enhanced digital offerings like Truist Assist, Truist Invest Pro, and Truist Trade. In addition, we continued to have strong momentum during the year with regards to other environmental, social, and governance initiatives that we have undertaken. Our goal to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 will help support our clients' transition to a low-carbon economy. Truist's business is dynamic and complex; consequently, management annually evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. During this process, management considers the current financial condition and performance of the company and its expectations for future economic activity from both a national and local market perspective. Achieving key strategic objectives and long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges. Key areas of focus most likely to impact Truist's near to medium term performance include digitizing the enterprise through our "T3 strategy" to create a world-class client experience and streamline, simplify, and automate processes and operations. Management believes current sources of liquidity are sufficient to meet Truist's on- and off-balance sheet obligations. Truist funds its balance sheet through diverse sources of funding including client deposits, secured and unsecured capital markets funding, and shareholders' equity. The primary source of funding is client deposits, and continued access to client deposits is highly dependent on public confidence in the stability of Truist Bank and its ability to return funds to clients when requested. Truist maintains a liquidity buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unencumbered securities that is sufficient to meet projected net stressed cash-flow needs and maintain compliance with regulatory requirements. The technology landscape is constantly evolving, and new and unforeseen threats and actions by others may disrupt operations or result in losses beyond Truist's risk control thresholds. Truist maintains a comprehensive risk-based information security/cybersecurity framework implemented through people, processes, and technology whereby Truist actively monitors and evaluates threats, events, and the performance of its business operations and continually adapts its risk mitigation activities accordingly. The cybersecurity strategy is enabled by continuous enhancement of Truist's multilayered defenses including advanced capabilities for early and rapid cyber threat identification, detection, protection, response, and recovery. Truist's framework requires annual exercises at a minimum to test Truist's preparedness. The board devotes significant time and attention to its oversight of cybersecurity risk and approves related information security policies. Although Truist has invested substantial resources to manage and reduce cybersecurity risk, it is not possible to completely eliminate this risk. Truist's risk management framework promotes the execution of business strategies and objectives in alignment with its risk appetite. The company's risk management framework is designed to provide comprehensive board and executive leadership risk oversight, maintaining a committee governance structure that is designed to ensure alignment and execution of the risk management framework.