The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements, and performance measures. As a combined company, we have been able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries, and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. Integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology, and back office operations are part of the merger-related costs. We continue to perform rationalization activities to identify duplicative networks, backhaul services, and other agreements, in addition to decommissioning certain small cell sites and distributed antenna systems. To allow for the realization of these synergies associated with network integration, we retired certain legacy networks, including the legacy Sprint CDMA network and the legacy Sprint LTE network. We expect merger synergies from selling, general, and administrative expense reductions, cost of service expense reductions, and avoided network expenses. We are evaluating additional restructuring initiatives which are dependent on consultations and negotiations with certain counterparties and the expected impact on our business operations. We expect to continue to incur additional expenses in future periods, including costs to remediate the attack, resolve inquiries by various government authorities, provide additional customer support, and enhance customer protection. We plan to continue to make substantial investments to strengthen our cybersecurity program in future periods. The operation of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE wireless networks was supported by the legacy Sprint wireline network. We determined that the retirement of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE wireless networks triggered the need to assess the wireline long-lived assets for impairment, as these assets no longer support our wireless network and the associated customers and cash flows in a significant manner. We continue to provide wireline services to existing wireline customers. We are pursuing additional reimbursements from insurance carriers for costs incurred related to the August 2021 cyberattack. We expect service revenues to continue to grow, primarily due to continued postpaid account and customer growth as well as postpaid average revenue per account growth driven by the execution of our strategy to continuously deepen our account relationships. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, and customer base of T-Mobile and Sprint. Future capital expenditure requirements will include the deployment of our recently acquired C-band and 3.45 GHz spectrum licenses. We regularly review and update projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with government commitments, and we are also expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures.