The company has focused on enhancing the strategic management of its catastrophe exposure, adding experts in data science, meteorology, including climate and flood science, wind and structural engineering and geophysics, among others, to its catastrophe management organization. This expertise has been incorporated into the company's product development, risk selection, pricing, capital allocation and claim response. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and, when necessary, calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its own proprietary modeling processes. The company has established dedicated teams for each catastrophe peril, with the goal of developing industry-leading scientific and underwriting expertise. The company's investment strategy focuses on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration. The company closely monitors the duration of its fixed maturity investments, and investment purchases and sales are executed with the objective of having adequate funds available to satisfy the company's insurance and debt obligations. The company employs a thoughtful investment philosophy that focuses on appropriate risk-adjusted returns. The company has significant discretion in making contributions above those necessary to satisfy the minimum funding requirements for its qualified domestic pension plan. The company's overall investment strategy is to achieve a mix of approximately 85% to 90% of investments for long-term growth and 10% to 15% for near-term benefit payments with a diversification of asset types, fund strategies and fund managers. The company has entered into a reinsurance contract in connection with catastrophe bonds issued by Long Point Re IV, which meets the requirements to be accounted for as reinsurance in accordance with guidance for accounting for reinsurance contracts. The company evaluates and monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers under voluntary reinsurance arrangements to minimize its exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. The company employs dedicated specialists and comprehensive strategies to manage reinsurance collections and disputes. The company has entered into certain contingent obligations for guarantees related to selling businesses to third parties, certain investments, certain insurance policy obligations of former insurance subsidiaries and various other indemnifications. The company believes that the combination of operating company liquidity, holding company liquidity, its investment portfolio and its capital resources are sufficient to meet its contractual obligations. The company's liquidity requirements can be impacted by, among other factors, the timing and amount of catastrophe claims, which are inherently unpredictable, as well as the timing and amount of reinsurance recoveries, which may be affected by reinsurer solvency and reinsurance coverage disputes. The company has also established a holding company liquidity target equal to its estimated annual pre-tax interest expense and common shareholder dividends. The company expects that, generally over time, the combination of dividends to common shareholders and common share repurchases will likely not exceed net income. The company also expects that to the extent that it continues to grow premium volumes, the level of capital to support the company's financial strength ratings will also increase, and accordingly, the amount of capital returned to shareholders relative to earnings would be somewhat less than it otherwise would have been absent the growth in premium volumes. The company has a shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits it to issue securities from time to time.