Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production, capacity and delivery capabilities, improving and developing battery technologies, and increasing the affordability and efficiency of our vehicles. We are also increasingly focused on products and services based on artificial intelligence, robotics, and automation. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity, and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs, and increase affordability. We remain focused on increasing the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. We continue to seek to improve our installation capabilities and price efficiencies for solar roof. We are simultaneously ramping new products, ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents, and piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies. Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short-term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time. The pace of our capital spend may vary depending on overall priority among projects, the pace at which we meet milestones, production adjustments, increased capital efficiencies, and the addition of new projects. We expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. We continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business. Our operating cash inflows include cash from vehicle sales and related servicing, customer lease and financing payments, customer deposits, cash from sales of regulatory credits, and energy generation and storage products. We expect to continue generating net positive operating cash flow as we have done in the last four fiscal years. The cash we generate from our core operations enables us to fund ongoing operations and production, our research and development projects for new products and technologies including our proprietary battery cells, and the continued expansion of our retail and service locations. We have assessed the impact of our estimates and are not aware of any specific events or circumstances that required an update to our estimates and assumptions or materially affected the carrying value of our assets or liabilities. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our teams in engineering and research, manufacturing engineering, and manufacturing test organizations, prototyping expense, contract and professional services, and amortized equipment expense. Our research and development expenses have decreased as a proportion of total revenues despite an expanding product roadmap and technologies. We recognize revenue on automotive sales upon delivery to the customer, which is when the control of a vehicle transfers. Our revenue from automotive regulatory credits is directly related to our new vehicle production, sales, and pricing negotiated with our customers. We continue to adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment. We are focused on growing our manufacturing capacity, which includes ramping all of our production vehicles to their installed production capacities as well as increasing production rate, efficiency, and capacity at our current factories. Our cost reduction efforts, cost innovation strategies, and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles' affordability. We will also continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles' performance and functionality, including through products based on artificial intelligence such as autopilot and FSD.