The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality and patient experience, improve the health of populations and reduce costs. We are working to accelerate this vision through the innovation and integration of our care delivery models including in clinic, in-home, behavioral and virtual care, and by using our data and analytics to provide clinicians with the necessary information in order to provide the best possible care in the most cost-efficient setting. This trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. Optum Insight revenues and earnings from operations at Optum Insight increased due to growth in technology and managed services, with managed services revenue growth driven by business combinations and new health system partnerships. The increases in revenues were primarily driven by growth in the number of people served through Medicare Advantage and Medicaid, pricing trends and growth across the Optum businesses. Our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to, among other things, minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by their respective jurisdictions, and restrictions on the timing and amount of dividends paid to their parent companies. We utilize various metrics to evaluate and manage our reportable segments, including individuals served by UnitedHealthcare by major market segment and funding arrangement, people served by Optum Health and adjusted scripts for Optum Rx. These metrics are the main drivers of revenue, earnings and cash flows at each business. The metrics also allow management and investors to evaluate and understand business mix, including the level and scope of services provided to people and pricing trends when comparing the metrics to revenue by segment. We expect the cash required to meet our long-term obligations to be primarily generated through future cash flows from operations. However, we also have the ability to generate cash to satisfy both our current and long-term requirements through the issuance of commercial paper, issuance of long-term debt, or drawing under our committed credit facilities or the ability to sell investments. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs. The delivery system and payment modernization initiatives are aimed at improving care quality and patient experience, which necessitate the integration of technology capabilities into operational processes. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in fully accountable value-based plans rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration. Our ability to manage medical and pharmaceutical costs, changes in level and mix of services utilized, and the impact of co-pays and deductibles are critical in shaping our operational efficiency and overall business performance. The integration of technology into our operational framework is essential for enhancing our service delivery and achieving strategic objectives.