Throughout 2022, we continued to refine our proprietary software to evaluate train and route characteristics to enable proactive intervention by our operating practices command center to prevent derailments. Our operating practices command center will continue the implementation of predictive technology to reduce variability by seeking to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions, in addition to assisting employees with understanding best practices for handling trains. We will continue to make capital investments targeted to improve operational performance, handle more volume, and increase efficiency, requiring fewer locomotives, freight cars, and other critical resources. We expect to generate strong cash flow from operating activities allowing us to continue our industry leading dividend payout ratio and commit excess cash to our share repurchase programs. Our capital plan includes investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, certain ramps to efficiently handle volumes from new and existing intermodal customers, continuous modernization of our locomotive fleet, and projects intended to improve operational efficiency. We are dedicated to maintaining a healthy workplace and continue monitoring the COVID case levels, modifying our policies as needed to protect employees and minimize the risk of workplace transmission. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. We strive to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource availability, including actively hiring additional train, engine, and yard employees. Our network was congested in several key corridors, which hindered our ability to handle all of the demand in several markets. Despite these challenges, we are focused on providing our customers consistent and reliable service; efficiently managing operations; seeking new business opportunities; and protecting our employees, customers, and communities. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity, analyzing a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is also dependent on our financial stability. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through increasing the utilization of our receivables facility, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. Our operating ratio of 60.1% deteriorated 2.9 points compared to 2021 driven by operational inefficiencies, inflation, a one-time charge for the labor agreements reached with our labor unions, higher fuel prices, and other cost increases, partially offset by core pricing gains, mix of traffic, and lower weather-related expenses. We will continue to evaluate and adjust deployment of total safety culture, courage to care, commit, and peer to peer resources throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We believe free cash flow is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financing. The capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments.