We believe the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry. In line with our commitment to continuous improvement and a differentiated customer experience, we remain focused on our automation and optimization investments to enhance our operational efficiency and change the way we interact with our customers. Enhancements made through these initiatives are intended to seamlessly and digitally connect all the company's functions required to service our customers in order to provide the best experience and service. We continue to make these investments to further digitalize our customer self-service and implement technologies to further enhance the safety, reliability and efficiency of our collection operations. Additionally, in 2022, we implemented a new general ledger accounting system, complementary finance enterprise resource planning system and a human capital management system, which will drive operational and service excellence by empowering our people through a modern, simplified and connected employee experience. Our strategic focus, combined with strong operational execution resulted in increased revenue, income from operations and income from operations margin driven primarily by both yield and volume growth in our collection and disposal business. We remain diligent in offering a competitively profitable service that meets the needs of our customers and are focused on driving operating efficiencies and reducing discretionary spend. We continue to invest in our people through market wage adjustments, investments in our digital platform and training for our team members. We also continue to make investments in automation and optimization to enhance our operational efficiency and improve labor productivity for all lines of business. Our strategic investments in our digital platform, including those that support our ongoing sustainability initiatives, are aimed at enhancing employee engagement and improving our operations through the use of technology and automation. We are committed to our investment in recycling automation, which reduces costs and increases throughput, positioning us to overcome commodity price headwinds and deliver a differentiated service. Our overall strategic pricing efforts are focused on recovering our higher cost to service our customers that we experience in our business by increasing our average unit rate. We expect to spend approximately $1.1 billion on capital expenditures for recycling and renewable energy growth projects in 2023. We continue to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management to prioritize investments for expansion, the replacement of aging assets and assets that support our strategy of continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation. We believe that our investments in technology will enhance our customers' experience and reduce our cost to serve, thereby contributing to our overall business performance and operational flexibility. The company expects to seek a refund of the entire amount deposited with the IRS and litigate any denial of the claim for refund, which reflects our commitment to managing our financial activities effectively.