We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our operations are conducted, managed, and presented within the following reportable segments: transmission & gulf of mexico, northeast g&p, west, and gas & ngl marketing services, consistent with the manner in which our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance and allocates resources. Our strategy is to provide a large-scale, reliable, and clean energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We accomplish this by connecting the growing demand for cleaner fuels and feedstocks with our major positions in the premier natural gas and natural gas products supply basins. We continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship including seeking opportunities for renewable energy ventures, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe, reliable, clean energy services to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2023 are expected to be in a range from $1.40 billion to $1.70 billion, excluding the mountainwest acquisition. Growth capital spending in 2023 primarily includes transco expansions, all of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements, projects supporting the northeast g&p business and projects supporting growth in the haynesville basin, including the louisiana energy gateway project. We also expect to invest capital in the development of our upstream oil and gas properties. In addition to growth capital and investment expenditures, we also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that reduce emissions, and meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. Our potential sources of liquidity available to address these maturities include cash generated from operations, proceeds from refinancing, our credit facility, or our commercial paper program, as well as proceeds from asset monetizations. We have continued to focus on earnings and cash flow growth, while continuing to improve leverage metrics and operating costs metrics. Our net cash provided (used) by operating activities in 2022 increased from 2021 primarily due to higher operating income, favorable changes in margin requirements, and higher distributions from equity-method investees, partially offset by net unfavorable changes in net operating working capital. We are monitoring these regulatory changes and how they may impact our operations. Implementation of new or modified regulations may result in impacts to our operations and increase the cost of additions to property, plant, and equipment - net in the consolidated balance sheet for both new and existing facilities in affected areas; however, due to regulatory uncertainty on final rule content and applicability timeframes, we are unable to reasonably estimate the cost these regulatory impacts at this time. We consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates for our interstate natural gas transmission pipelines. We continuously monitor these sites in a coordinated effort with other potentially responsible parties, the EPA, or other governmental authorities. We are jointly and severally liable along with unrelated third parties in some of these activities and solely responsible in others. Current estimates of the most likely costs of such activities are approximately $40 million, all of which are included in accrued and other current liabilities and regulatory liabilities, deferred income, and other in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022.