We operate in a highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce, health and wellness, financial services, advertising, and data service businesses. We compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality associates. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. However, like other retail companies, we have seen supply chain disruptions contributing to higher than normal inventory levels throughout the year. In addition, our merchandise costs for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 have been impacted by high inflation, greater than what we have experienced in recent years. The impact to our net sales and gross profit margin is influenced in part by our pricing and merchandising strategies in response to cost increases. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. As such, we continue to allocate more capital to supply chain, omni-channel initiatives, technology and store remodels. We believe our returns on capital will improve over time. We focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales through increasing membership at Sam's Club and through Walmart+, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expanding omni-channel initiatives that complement our flywheel strategy. We measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating, selling, general and administrative expenses. Our total revenues, which includes net sales and membership and other income, increased $38.5 billion or 6.7% for fiscal 2023 when compared to the previous fiscal year. These increases in revenues were primarily due to increases in net sales, which increased $38.1 billion or 6.7% for fiscal 2023. For fiscal 2023, the increase was primarily due to strong positive comparable sales for the Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club segments which was driven by growth in average ticket, including strong food sales and higher inflation impacts in certain merchandise categories, as well as growth in transactions. Walmart U.S. ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 0.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2023 as we continue to focus on a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. We operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. We have taken certain strategic actions to strengthen our portfolio, primarily in the Walmart International segment. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. We continue to allocate more capital to supply chain, omni-channel initiatives, technology and store remodels. We project capital expenditures will be approximately $17 billion to $18 billion, with a focus on technology, supply chain, and customer-facing initiatives. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be sufficient to fund operations, finance our global investment activities, pay dividends and fund our share repurchases for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets.