We manage our operations through two geographic operating segments: the United States (U.S.) and international. Our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so that they remain relevant for our customers. We believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology and complemented with our comprehensive portfolio of products and solutions will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. We seek to deliver new products and solutions as well as lifecycle innovations across the continuum of care that spans from disease prediction and prevention to detection and treatment. We are focused on innovating across vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, genetics, biodevices, and other product segments, and across all core species. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential for tailoring these in response to changing business needs and directions. We believe that delighting our customers with compelling and personalized experiences that enable them to provide the best care for animals is critical for our success. We are further committed to sustaining a diverse, equitable, and inclusive work environment for our colleagues. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R&D, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty. The animal health industry is highly competitive, and we face competition in the regions in which we operate. Our competitors include standalone animal health businesses and the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies. We also compete with companies that produce generic products, following our products' loss of exclusivity in a given market. We believe that the ability of pet owners to purchase our products online and from retail stores may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales, particularly in the near term. However, over time, we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers as compared to traditional veterinary practices. Our global manufacturing network team remains committed to addressing specific issues with ongoing supply chain optimizations, controlled launches for new products in additional markets, and customer coordination. We believe that our investments in technology and innovation will enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic resource allocation. We continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting global economic downturn on all aspects of our business across geographies, including how it has and may continue to impact our customers, workforce, suppliers, and vendors.