item  1a.    risk factors.
an investment in bd involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. the following describes some of the material risks that could adversely affect bd's business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. we may also be adversely impacted by other risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial.
business, economic and industry risks global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, could continue to adversely affect our operations.
general global economic downturns and macroeconomic trends, including heightened inflation, capital market volatility, interest rate and currency rate fluctuations, and economic slowdown or recession, may result in unfavorable conditions that could negatively affect demand for our products and services, or the prices we can charge for our products, disrupt our supply chain, impair our ability to produce our products, increase borrowing costs and exacerbate some of the other risks that affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, general economic conditions may impact the healthcare industry, including reductions in capital spending, changes in the delivery of healthcare services and increasing labor disputes, which could in turn affect demand for our products and services. both domestic and international markets experienced inflationary pressures in fiscal year 2023 and we expect inflation to persist in the future but at lower levels than in fiscal year 2023. in addition, the federal reserve in the u.s. and other central banks in various countries have raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation, which, coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. interest rate increases or other government actions taken to reduce inflation could also result in recessionary pressures in many parts of the world. furthermore, currency exchange rates have been especially volatile in the recent past, and these currency fluctuations have affected, and may continue to affect, the reported value of our assets and liabilities, as well as our cash flows. in addition, we have previously experienced delays in collecting government receivables in certain countries due to economic conditions, and we may experience similar delays in the future in these and other countries or regions experiencing financial problems.
we have also experienced, and may continue to experience, significant challenges in our global supply chain, including shortages in supply, or disruptions or delays in shipments, of certain materials or components used in our products, and related price increases. while to date, we have been able to manage the challenges associated with these delays and shortages without significant disruption to our business, no assurance can be given that these efforts will continue to be successful.
a substantial amount of our sales come from our operations outside the u.s., and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in foreign markets, especially in emerging markets. our foreign operations subject us to certain commercial, political and financial risks. in addition to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (discussed above), our business in these foreign markets is subject to changing political, social, and geopolitical conditions, such as the evolving situations in ukraine, the middle east and asia, including any political instability resulting from war, terrorism, insurrections and civil unrest, and changing economic conditions in these markets, such as inflation, deflation, interest rate volatility and credit availability. additionally, a number of factors, including u.s. relations with the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate, changes to international trade agreements and treaties, changes in tax laws and regulations, economic sanctions, export controls, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders, tariffs and other increases in trade protectionism and barriers to market participation, or the weakening or loss of certain intellectual property protection rights in some countries, may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. foreign regulatory requirements, including those related to the testing, authorization, and labeling of products and import or export licensing requirements, could affect the availability of our products in these markets. in addition to these broader market conditions, our operations may also be impacted by a variety of local factors, such as competition from local companies, local product preferences and requirements, and changes in local healthcare payment systems and healthcare delivery systems. we also experience longer payment terms for account receivables in foreign jurisdictions than we experience in the u.s., and we face increased difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing our foreign operations.
the success of our operations outside the u.s. also depends, in part, on our ability to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and sales and distribution networks. these and other factors may adversely impact our ability to pursue our growth strategy in these markets.
in addition, our international operations are governed by the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws. global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by u.s. and foreign governmental agencies and the imposition of significant fines and penalties. while we have implemented policies and procedures relating to compliance with these laws, our international operations, which often involve customer relationships with foreign governments, create the risk that there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments made by employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors. we are also subject to certain u.s. and foreign laws and regulations that restrict bd from transacting business with, or making investments in, certain countries, governments, entities and individuals subject to u.s. or foreign economic sanctions or export restrictions. any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government investigations and significant criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, and negatively affect our reputation and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the medical technology industry is very competitive.
we are a global company that faces significant competition from a wide range of existing competitors and new market entrants. these include large medical device companies with multiple product lines, some of which may have greater financial and other resources than we do, as well as firms which are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets or product lines. non-traditional entrants, such as technology companies, are also entering into the healthcare industry and some may have greater financial and other resources than we do. we face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, availability, price, services and other factors. our ability to compete is also impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, including increased focus on products using materials of concern and demand for more environmentally friendly products, and for products incorporating digital capabilities, as well as changes in the ways healthcare services are delivered (including the transition of more care from acute to non-acute settings and increased focus on chronic disease management). the shift of care from acute to non-acute settings may also place financial pressure on hospitals and broader healthcare systems that could result in less demand for our products and services. cost containment efforts by governments and the private sector are also resulting in increased emphasis on products that reduce costs, improve clinical results and expand patient access. changes in regulatory or market standards, including without limitation cybersecurity requirements, often require significant investment to maintain compliance to relevant standards. our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we meet these changing market and regulatory demands in terms of our product offerings and go-to-market approaches.
the medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change, discovery and frequent product introductions. the development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection technology or novel medical therapies) that provide better features, pricing, clinical outcomes or economic value may render our current products or subsequently developed products obsolete or less competitive. in some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer (or are attempting to develop) alternative therapies for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device. lower cost producers have also created pricing pressure, particularly in developing markets.
the medical technology industry has also experienced a significant amount of consolidation, resulting in companies with greater scale and market presence than bd. traditional distributors are also manufacturers of medical devices, providing another source of competition. in addition, healthcare systems and other providers are consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies. as a result, competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have also served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to downward pricing pressure for medical device suppliers. further consolidation in the industry could intensify competition among medical device suppliers and exert additional pressure on the demand for and prices of our products.
a substantial amount of our revenue is derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a significant portion of our future sales will continue to come from outside the u.s. the revenues we report with respect to our operations outside the u.s. have been and may continue to be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which are caused by a number of factors, including changes in a country's political and economic policies and inflationary conditions. furthermore, currency exchange rates have been especially volatile in the recent past, and these currency fluctuations have affected, and may continue to affect, the reported value of our assets and liabilities, as well as our cash flows. a discussion of the financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and the ways and extent to which we may attempt to address any impact is contained in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. any exchange rate hedging activities we engage in may only offset a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. we cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can effectively mitigate these risks.
the sale of our products and market access to bd products and services depends, in part, on the healthcare funding landscape as well as how healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by public and private payers. coverage policies and reimbursement levels can vary across the payer community globally, regionally, and locally, and may affect which products customers purchase, the market acceptance rate for new technologies and the prices customers are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. furthermore, any changes to the coverage or reimbursement landscape, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our products or result in denial of reimbursement for those products, which could adversely affect customer demand, or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. see "third-party reimbursement" under item 1. business.
a global trend towards limiting growth of healthcare costs may also put industry-wide pressure on medical device or clinical diagnostic pricing. in the u.s., these include value-based purchasing and managed care arrangements. governments in china and other countries are also using various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, including increased use of competitive bidding and tenders as well as price regulation, such as volume-based procurement programs ("vobp"), which have unfavorably impacted our revenues and may continue to impact our results of operations in certain countries.
a significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product development. new product development requires significant investment in r&d, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. the results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the u.s. and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protections, and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. in addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. there can be no assurance that any products now in development, or that we may seek to develop in the future, will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. if we are unable to develop and launch new products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be negatively impacted. even if we successfully develop new products or enhancements or new generations of existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry or regulatory standards, or competitors' innovations.
we are subject to risks associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, including covid-19, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. the nature and extent of future impacts are highly uncertain and unpredictable.
we are subject to risks associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, including covid-19, which could result in reductions in the demand for certain of our products. while the direct impact of covid-19 and many of the preventive measures moderated in fy2023, any resurgence of covid-19, or the outbreak of any other epidemic or pandemic, or the reinstatement of similar preventive measures in the future could negatively impact the global economy and our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, public health crises and the resulting volatility in supply and demand may impact our global supply chain network, including shortages in supply or disruptions or delays in shipments, as well as price increases, of certain materials or components used in our products and increases in transportation costs. the covid-19 pandemic changed the ways healthcare services are delivered due to budget constraints and staffing shortages, particularly shortages of nursing staff, which could impact the future demand for our products and services.
the scope and duration of any future public health crisis, including the potential emergence of new variants of the sars-cov-2 virus, the pace at which government restrictions are imposed and lifted, the scope of additional actions taken to mitigate the spread of disease, global vaccination and booster rates, the speed and extent to which global markets and utilization rates for our products fully recover from the disruptions caused by such a public health crisis, and the impact of these factors on our business, financial condition and results of operations, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence.
to the extent covid-19 or other public health crises adversely affect our operations and global economic conditions more generally, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein.
we sell products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. research and development spending of our customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions. a number of these customers are also dependent for their funding upon grants from u.s. government agencies, such as the u.s. national institutes of health and similar agencies in other countries. the level of government funding of research and development is unpredictable. the availability of governmental research funding may be adversely affected by economic conditions and governmental spending reductions, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. any reduction or delay in governmental funding could cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our products.
we need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive.
our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives, key employees and other associates. competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with certain technical competencies in some geographies, can be a challenge. additionally, we need qualified managers and skilled employees with technical, manufacturing and distribution experience to operate our business successfully. our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including how bd's compensation, benefits, work location, corporate culture and work environment compares with those offered by our competitors and other local employers. while there has been a slight improvement in what had been an intensely competitive labor market, there continues to be pressure on skilled labor in certain markets. a sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base has lead to, and may continue to lead to, increased costs, such as an increase in overtime necessary to meet demand and increased wages and benefit costs to attract and retain skilled employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. if we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and skilled employees, we could encounter operational disruptions or other negative consequences to our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the military conflict between russia and ukraine may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the military conflict in ukraine has increased global economic and political uncertainty. furthermore, governments in the u.s., united kingdom, and european union have each imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in russia, and additional controls and sanctions could be enacted in the future. we continue to actively monitor the situation in russia and ukraine and assess its impact on our business, including our suppliers and customers. we have no manufacturing facilities or significant operations in russia or ukraine and as such, to date, the conflict has not had a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. however, it is possible that the conflict in ukraine may escalate or expand, and the scope, extent and duration of the military action, current or future sanctions and resulting market and geopolitical disruptions could be significant. we cannot predict the impact the conflict may have on the global economy or our business, financial condition and operations in the future. the russia and ukraine conflict may also heighten the impact of other risks factors described herein. these potential effects could include but are not limited to increased inflation, volatility in prices for transportation, energy, commodities and other raw materials, constraints on the availability for us and our suppliers of commodities and other raw materials, including cobalt and energy sources, disruptions in the global supply chain, decreased demand for certain of our products, disruptions to our global technology infrastructure, including through cyberattacks, ransom attacks or cyber-intrusion, adverse changes in international trade policies and relations, increased exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, and constraints, volatility or disruptions in the credit and capital markets.
we use a large number of information and technology systems to operate our business. we process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal or proprietary information. in addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and software-as-a-service ("saas") solutions, platform-as-a-service ("paas") solutions, data hosting and processing facilities, tools and other hardware, software (including open-source software) and technical applications and platforms, including some that are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-party providers, to assist in conducting our business. some of our products include information systems that collect data regarding patients and patient therapy on behalf of our customers and some connect to our systems for maintenance purposes.
cyberattacks continue to increase in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect for periods of time, especially as they relate to attacks on third-party providers or their vendors. such attacks are often carried out by motivated and highly skilled actors, who are increasingly well-resourced. our information systems, as well as those of various third parties on which we rely, have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, a variety of cybersecurity attacks including, but not limited to, unauthorized access, malicious code execution and/or phishing- attacks. geopolitical events have also increased cybersecurity risks on a global basis. in this increasingly hostile environment, we, or our third-party providers, could suffer a loss or disclosure of certain business information (or information regarding third parties stored in our systems) due to any number of causes ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches. these breaches and cyberattacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential or proprietary information being accessed, destroyed or stolen, which could adversely affect our competitive position in the market. likewise, we or our third-party providers could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences, including increased costs for security measures or remediation, lost revenue, manufacturing challenges or disruption, diversion of management attention, reputational damage, litigation and damage to our relationships with vendors, business partners and customers.
unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety and product recalls or field actions. cyberattacks could also result in unauthorized access to our systems and products, which could impact our compliance with privacy and other laws and regulations and could result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation.
cyberattacks are becoming more sophisticated, frequent and adaptive. while we have made investments to address these threats and continue to dedicate significant resources to protect against unauthorized access of our systems and products, and we continue to work with government authorities and third-party providers to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents, there can be no assurances that these protective measures will prevent future attacks that could have a material adverse impact on our business.
cost volatility could adversely affect our operations.
our results of operations could be negatively impacted by volatility in the cost of raw materials, components, labor, freight and energy that, in turn, increases the costs of producing and distributing our products. new laws or regulations adopted in response to climate change could also increase energy and transportation costs, as well as the costs of certain raw materials and components. in particular, we purchase supplies of resins, which are oil-based components used in the manufacture of certain products, and any significant increases in resin costs, whether due to inflationary pressure, supply constraints, regulatory changes or otherwise, could adversely impact future operating results. increases in oil prices can also increase our packaging and transportation costs. the costs of raw materials, transportation, construction, services, and energy necessary for the production and distribution of our products continues to increase and be volatile. these prices may continue to fluctuate based on many factors beyond our control, including but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, labor costs, transportation costs, competition and currency exchange rates. while we have implemented cost containment measures, selective price increases and taken other actions to mitigate these inflationary pressures in our supply chain, we may not be able to completely offset all the increases in our operational costs.
we purchase many different types of raw materials and components used in our products, some of which are not available from multiple sources. in addition, for quality assurance, cost-effectiveness and other reasons, certain raw materials and components are purchased from sole suppliers. the price and supply of these materials and components may be impacted or disrupted for reasons beyond our control, including supplier shutdowns, supplier capacity constraints, supplier insolvencies, labor disruptions, transportation delays, inflationary pricing pressures, work stoppages, labor shortages, extreme weather events, geopolitical developments, global economic uncertainty or downturns, sanctions and trade restrictions, and other governmental regulatory actions (such as in the area of materials of concern). we have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant challenges to our global transportation channels and other aspects of our global supply chain network, including to the cost and availability of energy, raw materials and components due to shortages and cost inflation.
while we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply and service, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful. in addition, due to regulatory requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or without excessive cost. the termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these raw materials and components could adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain of our products, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have manufacturing sites all over the world. in some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or more of our plants. interruption to our manufacturing operations resulting from weather or natural disasters, regulatory requirements, equipment failure or other issues in our manufacturing process, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. in some instances, we may not be able to transition manufacturing to other bd sites or a third party to replace the lost production. a significant interruption of our manufacturing operations could result in lost revenues and damage to our relationships with customers.
in addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale, and we utilize both bd facilities and third parties for this process. in some instances, only a few facilities are qualified under applicable regulations to conduct this sterilization. to the extent we or our third-party providers are unable to sterilize our products, whether due to lack of capacity, availability of materials for sterilization (including cobalt), regulatory requirements or otherwise, we may be unable to transition sterilization to other sites or modalities in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all, which could have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
at a broader level, there is increased focus on the use and emission of ethylene oxide by the epa and state environmental regulatory agencies. additional regulatory requirements associated with the use and emission of ethylene oxide for sterilization may be imposed in the future, both domestically and outside the u.s. in april 2023, the epa published proposed regulations relating to commercial sterilizers. we cannot predict what any final regulations adopted by the epa may require and therefore we are not able to assess the impact they may have on our sterilization facilities, on the third-party sterilization facilities that bd utilizes or on our operations more generally. this increased regulation could require bd or sterilization service providers, including providers used by bd, to temporarily suspend operations to install additional emissions control technology, limit the use of ethylene oxide or take other actions, which would impact bd's operations and further reduce the available capacity to sterilize medical devices and healthcare products, and could also result in additional costs. if any existing regulatory requirements or any such regulatory actions or rulemaking result in the suspension or interruption of sterilization operations at bd or at medical device sterilizers used by bd, or otherwise limit the availability of third-party sterilization capacity, this could interrupt or otherwise adversely impact production of certain of our products or lead to civil litigation or other claims against bd. bd has business continuity plans in place to mitigate the impact of any such disruption, although these plans may not be able to fully offset such impact, for the reasons noted above. see "item 1. business - regulation" for a discussion of the consent order bd entered into with the environmental protection division of the georgia department of natural resources and the risk related to sterilization operations generally.
climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases ("ghg") in the atmosphere may present risks to our business and operations. extreme weather or other conditions, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, wildfires or flooding, which may result from climate change could adversely impact our operations and supply chain, including the availability and cost of raw materials and components required for the operation of our business, and human capital issues for bd and companies within our supply chain. in addition, access to and pricing of certain natural resources, such as water, could impact our manufacturing operations. such conditions could also result in physical damage to our products, plants and distribution centers, as well as the infrastructure and facilities of our suppliers and of hospitals, medical care facilities and other customers.
there has been increased focus by federal, international, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies to combat and/or limit the effects of climate change through a variety of means, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions (and requirements to disclose climate-related risks and metrics, including greenhouse gas emissions), policies mandating or promoting the use of renewable or zero-carbon energy and sustainability initiatives, and additional taxes on fuel and energy. if legislation or regulations are enacted or promulgated in the united states or in any other jurisdiction in which we do business that impose more stringent restrictions and requirements than our current legal or regulatory obligations, we and companies in our supply chain may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet the regulatory obligations, which could cause disruption in the sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
additionally, the impacts of climate change may further influence customer preferences and requirements, such as increased demand for products with lower environmental footprints, and for companies to produce and demonstrate progress against ghg reduction plans and targets. failure to provide climate-friendly products or demonstrate ghg reductions could potentially result in loss of market share.
legal, quality and regulatory risks we are subject to lawsuits.
we are or have been a defendant in a number of lawsuits, including, among others, purported class action lawsuits for alleged antitrust violations and violations of federal securities laws, product liability claims (which may involve lawsuits seeking class action status or seeking to establish multi-district litigation proceedings, including pending claims relating to our hernia repair implant products, surgical continence and pelvic organ prolapse products for women, vena cava filter products and implantable ports), and suits alleging patent infringement. we also are or have been subject to government subpoenas and civil investigative demands seeking information with respect to alleged violations of law, including in connection with federal and/or state healthcare programs (such as medicare or medicaid), federal contracting requirements and/or sales and marketing practices. a more detailed description of certain litigation to which we are a party is contained in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. we could be subject to additional lawsuits, governmental investigations, subpoenas and civil investigative demands in the future. any such lawsuits, governmental investigations, subpoenas and civil investigative demands could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could distract management from the operations of the business.
reserves established for estimated losses with respect to legal proceedings do not represent an exact calculation of our actual liability, but instead represent our estimate of the probable loss at the time the reserve is established. due to the inherent uncertainty of litigation and our underlying loss reserve estimates, additional reserves may be established or current reserves may be significantly increased from time-to-time. also, in some instances, we are not able to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. in view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges materially in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability insurance. any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity.
with respect to certain litigation, we believe that some settlements and judgments, as well as legal defense costs, may be covered in whole or in part under applicable insurance policies with a limited number of insurance companies, or, in some circumstances, indemnification obligations owed to us by other parties. however, amounts recovered under these arrangements may be less than the stated coverage limits or less than otherwise expected and may not be adequate to cover damages and/or costs. in addition, there is no guarantee that insurers or other parties will pay claims or that coverage or indemnity will be otherwise available. also, for certain product liability claims or lawsuits, bd does not maintain or has limited remaining insurance coverage, and we may not be able to obtain additional insurance on acceptable terms or at all that will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities.
our operations are global and are affected by complex state, federal and international laws relating to healthcare, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, antitrust, anti-corruption, marketing, fraud and abuse (including anti-kickback and false claims laws), export control, product safety and efficacy, employment, privacy and other areas. violations of these laws can result in criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines and, in some cases, exclusion from participation in healthcare programs such as medicare and medicaid. environmental laws, particularly with respect to climate change and the emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent throughout the world, which may increase our costs of operations or necessitate closures of, or changes to, our manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or result in liability to bd. the enactment of additional laws and reporting requirements in the future or changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations may increase our compliance costs or otherwise adversely impact our operations and financial performance.
we are subject to extensive regulation by the fda pursuant to the federal food, drug and cosmetic act, by comparable agencies in foreign countries, and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. most of our products must receive clearance or approval from the fda or counterpart regulatory agencies in other countries before they can be marketed or sold. the process for obtaining marketing approval or clearance may require us to incur significant costs in terms of time and resources, and these costs have been increasing due to increased requirements from the fda and comparable governing bodies for supporting data for submissions. the regulatory process may also require changes to our products or result in limitations on the indicated uses of our products. governmental agencies may also impose new requirements regarding registration, including, but not limited to, labeling updates or changes to prohibited materials that require us to modify or re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products in those countries.
following the introduction of a product, these agencies also periodically review our manufacturing processes and product performance. our failure to comply with the applicable good manufacturing practices, adverse event reporting and other post market requirements of these agencies could delay or prevent the production, marketing or sale of our products and result in delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, warning letters or consent decrees, closure of manufacturing sites, import bans, seizures or recalls of products, civil or criminal sanctions and damage to our reputation. more stringent oversight by the fda and other agencies in recent years has resulted in increased enforcement activity, which increases our compliance risk.
we are operating under an amended consent decree with the fda, entered into by carefusion in 2007 and amended in 2009, that affects our bd alaristm infusion pump business in the u.s. we are also currently operating under a warning letter issued by the fda. for more information regarding the consent decree and warning letter, see "regulation" under item 1. business.
as previously disclosed, on july 21, 2023, bd received 510(k) clearance from the fda for its updated bd alaristm infusion system, which enables both remediation and a return to market for the bd alaristm infusion system. in accordance with our commitments to the fda, all of the current bd alaristm infusion system devices in the u.s. market will be remediated or replaced with the updated 510(k) cleared version over the next several years. the overall timing and cost of replacement or remediation of the bd alaristm infusion systems and return to market in the u.s. may be impacted by, among other things, customer readiness, supply continuity, and our continued engagement with the fda.
in addition, the european union ("eu") has adopted the eu medical device regulation (the "eu mdr") and the in vitro diagnostic regulation (the "eu ivdr"), each of which impose stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices, including in the area of clinical evidence requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. the eu mdr has been fully operational for previously approved self-certified medical devices since may 2021. in february 2023, the eu parliament voted to extend the eu mdr transition timeline, which postpones application until 2027 for higher-risk class iii and implantable iib devices (excluding wet devices) and 2028 for class iia, class iib (excluding class iib implantable non-wet devices), and class i sterile devices or class i devices with measuring function. this longer transition timeline applies only to devices that are transitioning to mdr and meet other specific conditions set out in the eu ivdr. the eu ivdr has been fully applicable for manufacturers of in vitro diagnostic medical devices since may 2022. complying with and maintaining devices under these regulations requires us to incur significant expenditures. additionally, the availability of eu notified body services certified to the new requirements is limited, which may delay the marketing approval for some of our products under the eu mdr. any such delays, or any failure to meet these requirements could adversely impact our business in the eu and other regions that tie their product registrations to eu conformity requirements.
we are also subject to complex and frequently changing privacy and data protection laws, rules and regulations in the u.s. as well as in all other regions where bd operates, regarding the collection, use, storage, transfer and other processing of personal information. these privacy, security and data protection laws and regulations could impose significant limitations, require changes to our policies, practices, and processes and in some cases impose restrictions on our use or storage of personal information. these limitations and restrictions could require us to modify current or future products or services, which may harm our future financial results. any actual or perceived noncompliance with these laws, rules and regulations, our internal policies and procedures or our contracts governing the processing of personal information could result in significant consequences for bd, including, among other things, business interruption, sanctions and significant pecuniary fines, regulatory inquiries and investigations, adverse publicity, loss of competitive advantage and customer trust, as well as privacy litigation and civil lawsuits with damages.
the importance of privacy laws, rules and regulations for the healthcare and med-tech industry specifically is constantly growing, as personal data has become an integral part of doing business in our sector, and the legal standards are evolving and becoming more complex worldwide. for instance, the european general data protection regulation (the "gdpr"), applicable as of 2018 and still one of the strictest and most comprehensive privacy laws in the world, is being continuously enforced, and increasingly heavy fines for gdpr violations are now being levied on businesses. fines for noncompliance with the gdpr can amount to up to €20 million or 4% of the total worldwide annual turnover from the preceding financial year (whichever is higher) and may be imposed in conjunction with the exercise of the authority's investigatory and corrective powers. the gdpr's extraterritorial scope makes it applicable to our u.s.-based legal entities whenever our business activities, systems and products process the personal data of eu residents. additionally, privacy laws, rules and regulations are also rapidly developing in other countries and at the state level in the u.s. in parallel with federal privacy laws protecting sensitive health information. these varying laws, rules, regulations and industry standards impact bd businesses to the extent they rely on the use of personal data and create significant compliance challenges while maintaining our global reach. in addition, certain privacy and data protection laws may apply to us indirectly through our customers, manufacturers, suppliers or other third-party partners. for example, non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations by a third-party partner that is processing personal data on our behalf may be deemed non-compliance by us or a failure by us to conduct proper due diligence on the third party, which could result in material fines or litigation. we also could be subject to additional expenses and liabilities in the event of an information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of an information technology system owned or operated by us or a third party with which we partner or its vendor.
defects or quality issues associated with our products could adversely affect the results of our operations.
the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices involve certain inherent risks. manufacturing or design defects, component failures, unapproved or improper use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks or other information relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other serious adverse events. such events have in the past and could in the future lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or as required by the fda or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. a recall could result in significant costs and lost sales and customers, enforcement actions and/or investigations by state and federal governments or other enforcement bodies, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce future demand for our products. personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in significant product liability claims being brought against us. in some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in regulatory approval of new products or the imposition of post-market approval requirements.
many of our businesses rely on patent, trademark and other intellectual property assets. these intellectual property assets, in the aggregate, are of material importance to our business. we can lose the protection afforded by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges or governmental action. any patent applications we own or license may not result in patents being issued and any issued patents we obtain may not provide us with any competitive advantage. furthermore, we may fail to accurately predict all of the countries where patent protection will ultimately be desirable, and if we fail to timely file a patent application in any such country, we may be precluded from doing so at a later date. patents attained by competitors, particularly as patents on our products expire, may also adversely affect our competitive position. competitors may design around our intellectual property to develop competing technologies and products without infringing our intellectual property rights. in addition, competitors may seek to invalidate patents on our products or claim that our products infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property, which could result in a loss of competitive advantage or the payment of significant legal fees, damage awards and past or future royalties, as well as injunctions against future sales of our products. we also operate in countries that do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as in the u.s., which could make it easier for competitors to compete with us in those countries.
we also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how with which we seek to protect our products, in part, by confidentiality agreements with certain employees, consultants and other parties. these agreements may not adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights. these agreements may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. in addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by our competitors.
the loss of a significant portion of our portfolio of intellectual property assets may have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition or cash flows.
we depend on cash on hand and cash flows from operations to make scheduled debt payments. however, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations of the combined company and to utilize other methods to make scheduled payments will depend on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside of our control. there can be no assurance that these sources will be adequate. if we are unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, we will be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, seek additional capital, sell assets or refinance our indebtedness. any such action may not be successful and we may be unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. additionally, we may not be able to refinance existing debt on favorable or comparable terms.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness impose restrictions that may affect our ability to operate our businesses.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to incur debt and the ability of us and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person, engage in certain transactions with affiliates and change the nature of our business. in addition, the agreements also require us to comply with certain financial covenants, including financial ratios. our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations.
on april 1, 2022, we completed the spin-off of embecta corp. (embecta) (nasdaq: embc), which holds our former diabetes care business and is now one of the world's largest pure-play diabetes management companies in the world. the spin-off is intended to be a tax-free transaction for u.s. federal income tax purposes. if any facts, assumptions, representations, and undertakings from bd and embecta regarding the past and future conduct of their respective businesses and other matters are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, the spin-off may not qualify for tax-free treatment, which could result in significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities for bd and its shareholders. additionally, there can be no assurances that bd will be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that are expected to result from the spin-off.
general business risks we cannot guarantee that any of our strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances will be successful.
we seek to supplement our internal growth through strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances. such transactions are inherently risky, and the integration of any newly-acquired business requires significant effort and management attention. the success of any acquisition, investment or alliance may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate any business we may acquire into our existing business. there can be no assurance that any past or future transaction will be successful.
natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, wildfires and floods and other extreme weather events (including those caused by climate change), war, global health crises, terrorism, social or political unrest, labor disruptions and international conflicts and other events beyond our control, and actions taken by the u.s. and other governments or by our customers or suppliers in response to such events, could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability in the u.s. and areas outside of the u.s. in which we operate. these events could result in decreased demand for our products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, or increase the costs for or cause interruptions in the supply of materials from our suppliers.
information about our executive officers the following is a list of the executive officers of bd, their ages and all positions and offices held by each of them during the past five years. there is no family relationship between any executive officer or director of bd.
name                                   age                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              position thomas e. polen                         50                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           chairman since april 2021; chief executive officer since january 2020; president since april 2017; chief operating officer from october 2018 to january 2020; and executive vice president and president - medical segment from october 2014 to april 2017.
christopher j. delorefice               52                                                                                                   executive vice president and chief financial officer since september 2021; vice president, investor relations, johnson &amp; johnson from august 2018 to september 2021; chief financial officer, north america hospital medical devices, johnson &amp; johnson from june 2017 to august 2018; and vice president, finance, north america, johnson &amp; johnson consumer, march 2014 to june 2017.
antoine c. ezell                                                     executive vice president, president, north america and chief marketing officer since october 2020; executive vice president and chief marketing officer from january 2020 to october 2020; vice president, connected care and insulins, eli lilly and company from january 2019 to january 2020; and prior thereto, vice president, enterprise capabilities and solutions, eli lilly; chief marketing officer, elanco animal health; and chief customer officer, eli lilly.
david shan                              53                                                                                                                                                                executive vice president and chief integrated supply chain officer since january 2023; executive vice president and chief quality officer from march 2020 to august 2023; senior vice president, global supply chain from may 2018 to august 2020; senior vice president, worldwide operations devices from december 2017 to may 2018.
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes presented in this report. within the tables presented throughout this discussion, certain columns may not add due to the use of rounded numbers for disclosure purposes. percentages and earnings per share amounts presented are calculated from the underlying amounts. references to years throughout this discussion relate to our fiscal years, which end on september 30.
company overview description of the company and business segments becton, dickinson and company ("bd") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. the company's organizational structure is based upon three principal business segments, bd medical ("medical"), bd life sciences ("life sciences") and bd interventional ("interventional").
bd's products are manufactured and sold worldwide. our products are marketed in the united states and internationally through independent distribution channels and directly to end-users by bd and independent sales representatives. we organize our operations outside the united states as follows: emea (which includes europe, the middle east and africa); greater asia (which includes countries in greater china, japan, south asia, southeast asia, korea, australia and new zealand); latin america (which includes mexico, central america, the caribbean and south america); and canada. we continue to pursue growth opportunities in emerging markets, which include the following geographic regions: eastern europe, the middle east, africa, latin america and certain countries within greater asia. we are primarily focused on certain countries whose healthcare systems are expanding.
strategic objectives bd remains focused on delivering durable growth, creating shareholder value and making appropriate investments for the future. bd 2025, our vehicle for value creation, is anchored in three key pillars: grow, simplify and empower. bd's management team aligns our operating model and investments with these key strategic pillars through continuous focus on the following underlying objectives:
•focusing on our core products, services and solutions that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers;
•leveraging our global scale in order to provide equitable access to affordable medical technologies around the world, including in under-resourced markets;
•supplementing our internal growth through strategic acquisitions in faster growing market segments; and
•focusing on cash management and an efficient capital structure in order to drive balance sheet productivity and strong shareholder returns.
•driving operating effectiveness and margin expansion by increasing factory productivity and asset efficiencies;
•reducing complexity, increasing agility and improving customer experience by rationalizing our product portfolio, as well as by simplifying and optimizing our architecture and operating model;
•making strategic investments which prioritize a culture of quality and our quality management system to ensure we are a best-in-class, proactive quality-driven organization;
•enhancing customer experiences through the digitalization of internal processes and go-to-market approaches;
•fostering a purpose-driven culture with a focus on positive impact to all stakeholders-customers, patients, employees, shareholders and communities;
•driving sustainability initiatives within our organizational units to support enterprise-wide collaboration towards our sustainability strategy.
in assessing the outcomes of these strategies as well as bd's financial condition and operating performance, management generally reviews forecast data, monthly actual results, including segment sales, and other similar information. we also consider trends related to certain key financial data, including gross profit margin, selling and administrative expense, investment in research and development, return on invested capital, and cash flows.
in august 2023, we completed the sale of the interventional segment's surgical instrumentation platform. the historical financial results for this platform have not been classified as a discontinued operation. additional disclosures regarding the spin-off and sale are provided in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
•a limited supply of skilled labor in certain markets drove higher overall labor costs, as noted above, and we expect labor availability will continue to be a macroeconomic challenge for our operations.
•the availability of energy sources in certain markets, as well as the availability of certain raw materials and electronic components on a global basis.
•logistics capacity constraints eased in our fiscal year 2023 compared to 2022 and lead times improved in most key routes. however, adequate supply of transportation capacity is critical to our operations and constrained capacity may unfavorably impact our results of operations.
current healthcare delivery has transitioned more care from acute to non-acute settings and has increased focus on chronic disease management; this transition has placed additional financial pressure on hospitals and the broader healthcare system. healthcare institutions may take actions to mitigate any persistent pressures on their budgets and such actions could impact the future demand for our products and services. additionally, a worsening of staffing shortages within healthcare systems may affect the prioritization of healthcare services, which could also impact the demand for certain of our products.
certain geopolitical conditions, including the evolving situations in ukraine, the middle east and asia, may contribute to the macroeconomic conditions discussed above. while these geopolitical conditions have not materially impacted our results of operations to date, the continuation and/or an escalation of these evolving situations may further weaken the global economy and could result in additional inflationary pressures and supply chain constraints, including the unavailability and cost of energy.
additionally, governments in china and other countries use various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, including increased use of competitive bidding and tenders as well as price regulation. during our fiscal year 2023, regional and national volume-based procurement programs ("vobp") established by the government in china unfavorably impacted our revenues and we anticipate that these programs may continue to impact our results of operations.
we continue to invest in research and development, strategic tuck-in acquisitions, geographic expansion, and new product programs to drive further revenue and profit growth. our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness.
we have been mitigating the impacts of the macroeconomic and other factors discussed above through various strategies which leverage our procurement, logistics and manufacturing capabilities. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively mitigate these pressures in future periods and an inability to offset these pressures through our strategies, at least in part, could adversely impact our results of operations. due to the significant uncertainty that exists relative to the duration and overall impact of the macroeconomic and other factors discussed above, our future operating performance, particularly in the short-term, may be subject to volatility. the impacts of macroeconomic and other conditions on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows are dependent on certain factors, including those discussed in part i, item 1a. risk factors.
our fiscal year 2023 revenues reflected sales in our life sciences segment related to covid-19-only diagnostic testing on the bd veritortm plus and bd maxtm systems of $73 million, compared with revenues from such testing products in 2022 of $511 million.
our financial position remains strong, with cash flows from continuing operating activities totaling $2.990 billion in 2023. at september 30, 2023, we had $1.489 billion in cash and equivalents and short-term investments, including restricted cash. we continued to return value to our shareholders in the form of dividends. during fiscal year 2023, we paid cash dividends of $1.114 billion, including $1.046 billion paid to common shareholders and $68 million paid to preferred shareholders.
each reporting period, we face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that fluctuate from the beginning of such period. a stronger u.s. dollar, compared to the prior-year period, resulted in an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact to our revenues and earnings during our fiscal year 2023. we evaluate our results of operations on both a reported and a foreign currency-neutral basis, which excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. as exchange rates are an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons, we believe the presentation of results on a foreign currency-neutral basis in addition to reported results helps improve investors' ability to understand our operating results and evaluate our performance in comparison to prior periods. foreign currency-neutral ("fxn") information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period-over-period. we use results on a foreign currency-neutral basis as one measure to evaluate our performance. we calculate foreign currency-neutral percentages by converting our current-period local currency financial results using the prior-period foreign currency exchange rates and comparing these adjusted amounts to our current-period results. these results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). results on a foreign currency-neutral basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not measures of performance presented in accordance with u.s. gaap.
results of operations medical segment the following summarizes medical revenues by organizational unit:
•strong global sales of catheters and other vascular care products in the medication delivery solutions unit were partially offset by the impact of vobp in china and lower covid vaccination-related revenues in 2023 compared with these revenues in 2022.
•strong performance of the medication management solutions unit's pharmacy automation portfolio, including parata systems, which we acquired in fiscal year 2022, and our bd rowatm technologies, as well as strong growth in sales of dispensing systems. revenue growth attributable to the unit's recent acquisitions was approximately 9.3% in 2023.
•continued strong demand for the pharmaceutical systems unit's prefillable solutions in high-growth markets such as the biologic drug category.
•strong global sales of the medication delivery solutions unit's catheters and other vascular care products, which were particularly driven by competitive gains for peripherally inserted intravenous catheter and flush products.
•strong growth in global placements of the medication management solutions unit's dispensing systems, partially offset by an unfavorable comparison to revenues in 2021, which benefited from pandemic-related demand for infusion pumps and sets. our acquisition of parata systems in 2022 also contributed to 2022 revenue growth in the medication management solutions unit.
•continued high demand for pharmaceutical systems unit's prefillable solutions in the high-growth markets for biologic drugs and vaccines.
the medical segment's operating income in 2023 and 2022, compared with the prior-year periods, reflected the following:
•the medical segment's lower gross profit margin in 2023 compared with 2022 primarily reflected the following:
◦charges of $653 million, which unfavorably impacted gross profit margin in 2023 by approximately 6.9%, related to estimated future costs associated with the medication management solutions unit's remediation efforts related to alaristm infusion pumps, compared with charges in 2022 of $72 million.
•the medical segment's higher gross profit margin in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily reflected the following:
◦favorable product mix with higher sales of high value-added products in the medication delivery systems and medication management solutions units.
◦higher raw material and freight costs, a noncash asset impairment charge of $54 million recorded to write down the carrying value of certain fixed assets, as well as charges of $72 million recorded in 2022 for estimated future remediation costs, as noted above, compared with charges of $56 million in 2021.
•selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2023 was lower compared with 2022 due to lower selling and shipping costs. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2022 was lower compared with 2021, which reflected efforts to contain certain selling, travel and other administrative activities, partially offset by higher shipping costs.
•research and development expense as a percentage of revenues was lower in 2023 compared with 2022, and in 2022 compared with 2021, which reflected revenue growth that outpaced the timing of project spending.
life sciences segment the following summarizes life sciences revenues by organizational unit:
as previously discussed above, the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's revenues related to covid-19-only diagnostic testing on the bd veritortm plus and bd maxtm systems in 2023 were $73 million compared with revenues in 2022 of $511 million, which compared to revenues related to such products of $1.956 billion in 2021.
•an unfavorable comparison to stronger sales in 2022 of the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's combination influenza/covid-19 testing assays, as well as destocking of specimen management products by u.s. distributors in 2023, were partially offset by growth in the unit's microbiology platform and growth attributable to molecular diagnostic platforms which leverage our larger installed base of bd maxtm instruments.
•strong growth in sales of the biosciences unit's reagents and instruments, including our recently launched research instruments.
•wide clinical adoption of the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's broader respiratory panel and the expanded base of instruments we installed during the peak levels of the pandemic to facilitate covid-19-only testing, as well as growth attributable to the unit's specimen management products due to a recovery of routine lab testing to pre-pandemic levels.
•strong growth in sales of the biosciences unit's reagents and instruments, including recently launched research instruments, as well as demand driven by continued adoption of the unit's e-commerce platform.
the life sciences segment's operating income in 2023 and 2022, compared with the prior-year periods, reflected the following:
•the life sciences segment's higher gross profit margin in 2023 compared with 2022 primarily reflected the following:
◦favorable impacts in 2023 from price and continuous improvement projects in our manufacturing facilities; partially offset by
◦the decline in covid-19-only testing revenues and a decline in licensing income compared with 2022, as well as higher raw material and labor costs in 2023.
•the life sciences segment's lower gross profit margin in fiscal year 2022 compared with 2021 primarily reflected the following:
◦the decline in covid-19-only testing revenues compared with 2021, higher raw material and freight costs; partially offset by
◦a favorable comparison to the prior-year period, which reflected approximately $93 million of excess and obsolete inventory expenses related to covid-19-only testing inventory, as well as favorable impacts in 2022 from continuous improvement projects in our manufacturing facilities, price, product mix, foreign currency translation and a benefit from licensing income.
•lower selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue in 2023 compared with 2022, primarily reflected lower selling costs and efforts to contain certain administrative costs. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2022 was higher compared with 2021 primarily due to the decline in revenues in 2022 compared with 2021.
•higher research and development expense as a percentage of revenue in 2023 compared with 2022, and also in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily reflected the declines in segment revenues in both 2023 and 2022, compared with the prior-year periods.
interventional segment the following summarizes interventional revenues by organizational unit:
urology and critical care               1,374                    1,305                   1,232                   5.3    %                (1.8)     %                  7.1     %                5.9    %                (1.9)     %                  7.8     %
•double-digit growth in global sales of the surgery unit's advanced repair and reconstruction platforms, as well as strong growth in sales of biosurgery products, was partially offset by a decline in revenues attributable to the unit's sale of its surgical instrumentation platform in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023.
•growth driven by global market penetration of the peripheral intervention unit's peripheral vascular disease platform was partially offset by the impact of planned strategic portfolio exits.
•continued strong demand for the urology and critical care unit's purewicktm offerings in the acute and alternative care settings.
•strong global sales of the surgery unit's advanced repair and reconstruction platforms, as well as a benefit from the unit's fiscal year 2021 acquisition of tepha, inc.
•strong sales of the peripheral intervention unit's oncology products and growth attributable to the unit's fiscal year 2022 acquisition of venclose, inc. and the relaunch of our venovotm system. the peripheral intervention unit's revenues in 2022 were unfavorably impacted during the second half of the fiscal year by supply constraints and hospital labor shortages.
•strong demand for the urology and critical care unit's acute urology products.
the interventional segment's operating income in 2023 and 2022, compared with the prior-year periods, reflected the following:
•the interventional segment's gross profit margin was flat in 2023 compared with 2022, which primarily reflected:
•the interventional segment's higher gross profit margin in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily reflected favorable impacts from price, favorable product mix and foreign currency translation, which were partially offset by higher freight costs.
•lower selling and administrative expense as percentages of revenues in 2023 compared with 2022 reflected revenue growth that outpaced spending in 2023. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues was higher in 2022 compared with 2021, as 2021 benefited from the curtailment of certain selling, travel and other administrative activities due to the covid-19 pandemic.
•lower research and development expense as percentages of revenues in 2023 compared with 2022, and also in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily reflected revenue growth that outpaced spending in both 2023 and 2022.
(millions of dollars)                  2023   2022                    2021                                    total                  estimated                 fxn change                   total                  estimated                 fxn change change                         fx                                             change                         fx impact                                                                        impact united states                   $11,113                  $10,722                 $10,371                   3.7    %                    -                        3.7     %                3.4    %                    -                        3.4     %
u.s. revenue growth in 2023 was particularly driven by strong sales in the medical segment's medication management solutions and pharmaceutical systems units and in the life sciences segment's biosciences unit, as well as by strong sales in the interventional segment's surgery and urology and critical care units. u.s. revenues in 2023 were unfavorably impacted by a decline in covid-19-only diagnostic testing sales compared with 2022, as discussed further above.
u.s. revenue growth in 2022 was driven by strong sales in all of the medical segment's units, as well as in the interventional segment's surgery and urology and critical care units. u.s. revenue growth in 2022 was unfavorably impacted by a comparison to 2021, which substantially benefited from sales in the life sciences segment's integrated diagnostic solutions unit related to covid-19-only diagnostic testing.
international revenue growth in 2023 was particularly driven by strong sales in the medical segment's medication management solutions and pharmaceutical systems units, and in the life sciences segment's biosciences unit, as well by as strong sales in the interventional segment's surgery and peripheral intervention units. international revenues in 2023 were unfavorably impacted by a decline in covid-19-only diagnostic testing sales compared with 2022, as discussed further above.
the decline in international revenues in 2022 was primarily driven by an unfavorable comparison to 2021, which substantially benefited from sales in the life sciences segment's integrated diagnostic solutions unit related to covid-19-only diagnostic testing. this fiscal year 2022 decline in international revenues was partially offset by strong sales in all of the medical segment's units, as well as in the life sciences segment's biosciences unit and the interventional segment's surgery and peripheral intervention units.
emerging market revenue growth in 2023 and 2022 was primarily driven by sales in latin america, south asia, and in china, despite unfavorable impacts to china revenues from volume-based procurement programs in 2023 and from pandemic-related lockdowns in 2022.
specified items reflected in the financial results for 2023, 2022 and 2021 were the following specified items:
separation-related items (b)                                    14                       20                       -
product, litigation, and other items (d)                       554                      268                     226
european regulatory initiative-related costs (e)               139                      146                     134
total specified items                                        2,448                    2,082                   2,128
less: tax impact of specified items                            399                      366                     348
after-tax impact of specified items                         $2,050                   $1,716                  $1,780
(a)represents amounts associated with integration and restructuring activities which are primarily recorded in acquisition-related integration and restructuring expense and are further discussed below.
(b)represents costs recorded to other operating (income) expense, net and incurred in connection with the separation of bd's former diabetes care business.
(c)includes amortization and other adjustments related to the purchase accounting for acquisitions. bd's amortization expense is recorded in cost of products sold.
(d)includes certain (income) expense items which are not part of ordinary operations and affect the comparability of the periods presented. such items may include certain product remediation costs, certain product liability and legal defense costs, certain investment gains and losses, certain asset impairment charges, and certain pension settlement costs. the amounts in 2023, 2022, and 2021 include net charges of $653 million, $72 million and $56 million, respectively, which were recorded within cost of products sold related to the estimate of probable future product remediation costs. the amounts in 2023 and 2022 also include pension settlement costs of $57 million and $73 million, respectively, which were recorded to other expense, net.  the amount in 2022 also includes a charge of $54 million related to a noncash asset impairment, which was recorded to cost of products sold. the amounts in 2023, 2022 and 2021 additionally include certain amounts recorded to other operating (income) expense, net, which are detailed further below, including a $268 million gain recorded in 2023 on the sale of our surgical instrumentation platform.
(e)represents costs incurred to develop processes and systems to establish initial compliance with the european union medical device regulation and the european union in vitro diagnostic medical device regulation, which represent a significant, unusual change to the existing regulatory framework. we consider these costs to be duplicative of previously incurred costs and/or one-off costs, which are limited to a specific period of time. these expenses, which are recorded in cost of products sold and research and development expense, include the cost of labor, other services and consulting (in particular, research and development and clinical trials) and supplies, travel and other miscellaneous costs.
gross profit margin the comparison of gross profit margins in 2023 and 2022 and the comparison of gross profit margins in 2022 and 2021 reflected the following impacts:
gross profit margin % prior-year period                                       44.9   %               45.1   %
impact of purchase accounting adjustments and other specified items          (2.5)   %              (0.5)   %
gross profit margin % current-year period                                     42.2   %               44.9   %
the impact of other specified items on gross margin in 2023 compared with 2022, and also in 2022 compared with 2021, reflected charges of $653 million, $72 million and $56 million, in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the estimate of probable future product remediation costs, as further discussed above. the impacts of other specified items on the comparisons of gross margin above additionally reflected a non-cash asset impairment charge of $54 million recorded in the medical segment in 2022.
•operating performance in 2022 additionally reflected the optimization of our product mix and the recovery of pre-pandemic demand for products with higher margins as well as a favorable comparison to 2021, which included approximately $93 million of excess and obsolete inventory expenses related to covid-19-only testing inventory which were recognized by the integrated diagnostic solutions unit.
acquisition-related integration and restructuring expense                       $313                     $192                     $179
selling and administrative lower selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2023 compared with 2022 primarily reflected higher revenues in 2023 and favorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by higher selling costs in 2023, as well as an increase in our deferred compensation plan liability due to market performance. the investment gains on deferred compensation plan assets were recorded to other expense, net.
higher selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily reflected higher shipping and selling costs in 2022, partially offset by a decrease in our deferred compensation plan liability due to market performance and favorable foreign currency translation.
research and development lower research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2023 compared with 2022 primarily reflected revenue growth that outpaced the timing of project spending. research and development expense as a percentage of revenues was flat in 2022 compared with 2021, which primarily reflected the timing of project spending. spending in 2023, 2022 and 2021 reflected our continued commitment to invest in new products and platforms.
acquisitions and other restructurings restructuring expense in 2023, 2022 and 2021 primarily included restructuring costs related to simplification and other cost saving initiatives. integration expense in 2023 and 2022 included system integration costs and integration expense in 2021 included costs incurred due to our acquisition of c.r. bard, inc. in fiscal year 2018. for further disclosures regarding the costs relating to restructurings, refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
other operating (income) expense, net other operating (income) expense in 2023, 2022 and 2021 included the following items which are further discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data:
charges to record product liability reserves, including related defense costs (see note 6)               $26                  $21                  $361
separation-related items                                                                                  14                   20                     -
higher interest expense in 2023 compared with 2022 was largely attributable to the higher levels of commercial paper borrowings outstanding throughout 2023 and higher overall interest rates on debt outstanding. lower interest expense in 2022 compared with 2021 reflected lower overall interest rates on debt outstanding during 2022 and the impact of debt repayments. additional disclosures regarding our financing arrangements and debt instruments are provided in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
higher interest income in 2023 compared with 2022 was largely attributable to higher interest rates and levels of cash in 2023.
impact, in basis points, from specified items                 (500)                  (500)                  (620)
the effective income tax rate for continuing operations in 2023 compared with 2022 primarily reflected the impact of a remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities upon the approval of a tax incentive. the effective income tax rate for continuing operations in 2022 primarily reflected a tax impact from specified items that was less favorable compared with the benefits associated with specified items recognized in 2021.
unfavorable impact-specified items                                    $7.11                   $5.97                   $6.10
financial instrument market risk we selectively use financial instruments to manage market risk, primarily foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk relating to our ongoing business operations. the counterparties to these contracts are highly rated financial institutions. we do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
foreign exchange risk bd and its subsidiaries transact business in various foreign currencies throughout europe, greater asia, canada and latin america. we face foreign currency exposure from the effect of fluctuating exchange rates on payables and receivables relating to transactions that are denominated in currencies other than our functional currency. these payables and receivables primarily arise from intercompany transactions. we hedge substantially all such exposures, primarily through the use of forward contracts. we have also hedged the currency exposure associated with investments in certain foreign subsidiaries with instruments such as foreign currency-denominated debt and cross-currency swaps, which are designated as net investment hedges, as well as currency exchange contracts. we also face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations, including sales, to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of a reporting period. we did not enter into contracts to hedge cash flows against these foreign currency fluctuations in fiscal year 2023 or 2022.
derivative financial instruments are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value. for foreign currency derivatives, market risk is determined by calculating the impact on fair value of an assumed change in foreign exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. fair values were estimated based upon observable inputs, specifically spot currency rates and foreign currency prices for similar assets and liabilities.
with respect to the foreign currency derivative instruments outstanding at september 30, 2023 and 2022, the impact that changes in the u.s. dollar would have on pre-tax earnings was estimated as follows:
interest rate risk when managing interest rate exposures, we strive to achieve an appropriate balance between fixed and floating rate instruments. we may enter into interest rate swaps to help maintain this balance and manage debt and interest-bearing investments in tandem, since these items have an offsetting impact on interest rate exposure. for interest rate derivative instruments, fair values are measured based upon the present value of expected future cash flows using market-based observable inputs including credit risk and interest rate yield curves. market risk for these instruments is determined by calculating the impact to fair value of an assumed change in interest rates across all maturities.
liquidity and capital resources our strong financial position and cash flow performance have provided us with the capacity to accelerate our innovation pipeline through investments in research and development, as well as through strategic acquisitions. we believe that our available cash and cash equivalents, our ability to generate operating cash flow, and if needed, our access to borrowings from our financing facilities provide us with sufficient liquidity to satisfy our foreseeable operating needs. the following table summarizes our consolidated statement of cash flows in 2023, 2022 and 2021:
net cash provided by (used for) continuing operations operating activities                                        $2,990                     $2,471                    $4,126
investing activities                                        $(716)                     $(3,220)                  $(1,843)
financing activities                                        $(1,956)                   $(736)                    $(3,306)
net cash flows from continuing operating activities cash flows from continuing operating activities in 2023 reflected net income, adjusted by a change in operating assets and liabilities that was a net use of cash, which was significantly lower than the net use of cash in 2022 due to efforts in 2023 to optimize inventory levels. the net use of cash in 2023 primarily reflected lower levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses, as well as higher levels of trade receivables, partially offset by lower levels of prepaid expenses.
cash flows from continuing operating activities in 2022 reflected net income, adjusted by a change in operating assets and liabilities that was a net use of cash. this net use of cash primarily reflected higher levels of inventory and prepaid expenses, as well as lower levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses. cash flows from continuing operating activities in 2022 additionally reflected a discretionary cash contribution of $134 million to fund our pension obligation.
cash flows from continuing operating activities in 2021 reflected higher net income, which was driven by strong revenue performance, adjusted by a change in operating assets and liabilities that was a net source of cash. this net source of cash primarily reflected higher levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by higher levels of prepaid expenses, inventory and trade receivables. cash flows from continuing operating activities in 2021 additionally reflected a $16 million discretionary cash contribution to fund our pension obligation.
net cash flows from continuing investing activities capital expenditures our investments in capital expenditures are focused on projects that enhance our cost structure and manufacturing capabilities, as well as support our bd 2025 strategy for growth and simplification. capital expenditures of $874 million, $973 million and $1.194 billion in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily related to manufacturing capacity expansions. details of spending by segment are contained in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
acquisitions cash outflows for acquisitions in 2022 included a cash payment of $1.548 billion associated with our acquisition of parata systems in the fourth quarter of 2022, as well as cash payments relating to various strategic acquisitions we have executed as part of our growth strategy, including our acquisitions of medkeeper, scanwell health, inc, tissuemed, ltd., and venclose, inc. cash outflows for acquisitions in 2021 included a cash payment relating to the strategic acquisition of tepha, inc.
divestitures cash inflows relating to our divestiture of the interventional segment's surgical instrumentation platform in 2023 were $540 million. for further discussion, refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
net cash flows from continuing financing activities net cash from continuing financing activities in 2023, 2022 and 2021 included the following significant cash flows:
additional disclosures regarding the equity and debt-related financing activities detailed above are provided in notes 4 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
debt-related activities certain measures relating to our total debt were as follows:
total debt as a percentage of total capital (a)            37.2   %                 37.3   %                 41.1   %
(a) represents shareholders' equity, net non-current deferred income tax liabilities, and debt.
additional disclosures regarding our debt instruments are provided in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
cash and short-term investments at september 30, 2023, total worldwide cash and equivalents and short-term investments, including restricted cash, were $1.489 billion. these assets were largely held in the united states. we regularly review the amount of cash and short-term investments held outside of the united states and our historical foreign earnings are used to fund foreign investments or meet foreign working capital and property, plant and equipment expenditure needs. to fund cash needs in the united states, we rely on ongoing cash flow from u.s. operations, access to capital markets and remittances from foreign subsidiaries of earnings that are not considered to be permanently reinvested.
financing facilities we have a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility in place which will expire in september 2026. the credit facility, which was amended and restated in january 2023, provides borrowings of up to $2.750 billion, with separate sub-limits of $100 million and $194 million for letters of credit and swingline loans, respectively. the expiration date of the credit facility may be extended for up to two additional one-year periods, subject to certain restrictions (including the consent of the lenders). the credit facility provides that we may, subject to additional commitments by lenders, request an additional $500 million of financing, for a maximum aggregate commitment under the credit facility of up to $3.250 billion. proceeds from this facility may be used for general corporate purposes and becton dickinson euro finance s.à r.l., an indirect, wholly owned finance subsidiary of bd, is authorized as an additional borrower under the credit facility. there were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility at september 30, 2023.
the agreement for our revolving credit facility contains the following financial covenants. we were in compliance with these covenants, as applicable, as of september 30, 2023.
◦4.25-to-1 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter following the closing of the credit facility; or
◦4.75-to-1 for the four full fiscal quarters following the consummation of a material acquisition.
we may access commercial paper programs over the normal course of our business activities. in march 2023, we amended the agreement for our u.s. commercial paper program. the amendment provided, among other things, an increase of the maximum amount of unsecured borrowings available under the program to $2.750 billion. also in march 2023, we entered into an agreement to establish a multicurrency euro commercial paper program. this multicurrency program allows for a maximum amount of unsecured borrowings that, when aggregated with the amount outstanding under the u.s. commercial paper program, will not exceed $2.750 billion at any time. proceeds from these programs may be used for working capital purposes and general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions, share repurchases and repayments of debt. we had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of september 30, 2023. we have additional informal lines of credit outside the united states. also, over the normal course of our business activities, we transfer certain trade receivable assets to third parties under factoring agreements. additional disclosures regarding sales of trade receivable assets are provided in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
access to capital and credit ratings our corporate credit ratings with the rating agencies standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p"), moody's investor service ("moody's") and fitch ratings ("fitch") were as follows at september 30, 2023:
s&amp;p        moody's        fitch ratings:
outlook                       stable         stable         stable our corporate credit ratings at september 30, 2023 were unchanged compared with our ratings at september 30, 2022. s&p, moody's and fitch assigned ratings of a-2, p-2 and f2, respectively, to the multicurrency euro commercial paper program we entered into in march 2023. these ratings were consistent with the ratings already assigned to our u.s. commercial paper program.
lower corporate debt ratings and downgrades of our corporate credit ratings or other credit ratings may increase our cost of borrowing. we believe that given our debt ratings, our financial management policies, our ability to generate cash flow and the non-cyclical, geographically diversified nature of our businesses, we would have access to additional short-term and long-term capital should the need arise. a rating reflects only the view of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. ratings can be revised upward or downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a change.
contractual obligations in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future. information regarding our obligations under purchase, debt and lease arrangements are provided in notes 6, 16 and 18, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
critical accounting policies the following discussion supplements the descriptions of our accounting policies contained in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. for any given estimate or assumption made by management, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. actual results that differ from management's estimates could have an unfavorable effect on our consolidated financial statements. management believes the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:
revenue recognition our revenues are primarily recognized when the customer obtains control of the product sold, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms specified in the sales agreement. revenues associated with certain instruments and equipment for which installation is complex, and therefore significantly affects the customer's ability to use and benefit from the product, are recognized when customer acceptance of these installed products has been confirmed. for certain service arrangements, including extended warranty and software maintenance contracts, revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term. the majority of revenues relating to extended warranty contracts associated with certain instruments and equipment is generally recognized within a few years whereas deferred revenue relating to software maintenance contracts is generally recognized over a longer period.
our agreements with customers within certain organizational units including medication management solutions, integrated diagnostic solutions and biosciences, contain multiple performance obligations including both products and certain services noted above. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require judgment. the transaction price for these agreements is allocated to each performance obligation based upon its relative standalone selling price. standalone selling price is the amount at which we would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. we generally estimate standalone selling prices using list prices and a consideration of typical discounts offered to customers. the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.
our gross revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, including rebates. these deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and judgment is required when determining the impact on gross revenues for a reporting period. additional factors considered in the estimate of our rebate liability include the quantification of inventory that is either in stock at or in transit to our distributors, as well as the estimated lag time between the sale of product and the payment of corresponding rebates.
impairment of assets goodwill assets are subject to impairment reviews at least annually, or whenever indicators of impairment arise. intangible assets with finite lives, including developed technology, and other long-lived assets, are periodically reviewed for impairment when impairment indicators are present.
we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. our reporting units represent one level below reporting segments. our review of goodwill for each reporting unit compares the fair value of the reporting unit, estimated using an income approach, with its carrying value. our annual goodwill impairment test performed on july 1, 2023 did not result in any impairment charges, as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.
we generally use the income approach to derive the fair value for impairment assessments. this approach calculates fair value by estimating future cash flows attributable to the assets and then discounting these cash flows to a present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. we selected this method because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures the value of our income producing assets. this approach requires significant management judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, appropriate discount rates, terminal values and other assumptions and estimates. the estimates and assumptions used are consistent with bd's business plans. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the asset. actual results may differ from management's estimates.
income taxes bd maintains valuation allowances where it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. changes in valuation allowances are included in our tax provision in the period of change. in determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, management evaluates factors such as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carryback and carryforward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset.
bd conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress in a number of tax jurisdictions. in evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we record accruals for uncertain tax positions based on the technical support for the positions, our past audit experience with similar situations, and the potential interest and penalties related to the matters. bd's effective tax rate in any given period could be impacted if, upon resolution with taxing authorities, we prevailed in positions for which reserves have been established, or we were required to pay amounts in excess of established reserves.
we have reviewed our needs in the united states for possible repatriation of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and we continue to invest foreign subsidiaries earnings outside of the united states to fund foreign investments or meet foreign working capital and property, plant and equipment expenditure needs. as a result, we are permanently reinvested with respect to all of our historical foreign earnings as of september 30, 2023. additional disclosures regarding our accounting for income taxes are provided in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
contingencies we are involved, both as a plaintiff and a defendant, in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including, without limitation, product liability and environmental matters, as further discussed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. we assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. we establish accruals to the extent probable future losses are estimable (and in the case of environmental matters, without considering possible third-party recoveries). a determination of the amount of accruals for these contingencies is made after analysis of each individual matter. when appropriate, the accrual is developed with the consultation of outside counsel and, in the case of certain mass tort litigation, actuarial specialists regarding the nature, timing and extent of each matter. the accruals may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in our litigation strategy. we record expected recoveries from product liability insurance carriers or other parties when realization of recovery is deemed probable.
given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. in view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, liability insurance. in the opinion of management, any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on bd's consolidated results of operations, financial condition and/or consolidated cash flows.
benefit plans we have significant net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations that are measured using actuarial valuations which include assumptions for the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets. these assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. in addition to the analysis below, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for additional discussion.
the discount rate is selected each year based on investment grade bonds and other factors as of the measurement date (september 30). specifically for the u.s. plans, we will use a discount rate of 6.01% for 2024, which was based on an actuarially-determined, company-specific yield curve to measure liabilities as of the measurement date. to calculate the pension expense in 2024, we will apply the individual spot rates along the yield curve that correspond with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments in order to calculate interest cost and service cost. additional disclosures regarding the method to be used in calculating the interest cost and service cost components of pension expense for 2024 are provided in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption, although reviewed each year, changes less frequently due to the long-term nature of the assumption. this assumption does not impact the measurement of assets or liabilities as of the measurement date; rather, it is used only in the calculation of pension expense. to determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider many factors, including our historical assumptions compared with actual results; benchmark data; expected returns on various plan asset classes, as well as current and expected asset allocations. we will use a long-term expected rate of return on plan assets assumption of 7.5% for the u.s. pension plan in 2024. we believe our discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions are appropriate based upon the above factors.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions for our u.s. pension and other postretirement and postemployment plans are as follows:
•discount rate - a change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $5 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on the total u.s. net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plan costs. this estimate assumes no change in the shape or steepness of the company-specific yield curve used to plot the individual spot rates that will be applied to the future cash outflows for future benefit payments in order to calculate interest and service cost.
•expected return on plan assets - a change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $3 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on u.s. pension plan costs.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. bd and its representatives may also, from time to time, make certain forward-looking statements in publicly released materials, both written and oral, including statements contained in filings with the securities and exchange commission, press releases, and our reports to shareholders. forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "plan," "expect," "believe," "intend," "will," "may," "anticipate," "estimate" and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other things, discussions of future operations and financial performance (including volume growth, pricing, sales and earnings per share growth, and cash flows) and statements regarding our strategy for growth, liquidity, future product development, regulatory approvals, competitive position and expenditures. all statements that address our future operating performance or events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future are forward-looking statements.
the following are some important factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our expectations in any forward-looking statements. for further discussion of certain of these factors, see item 1a. risk factors in this report and our subsequent quarterly reports on form 10-q.
•general global, regional or national economic downturns and macroeconomic trends, including heightened inflation, capital market volatility, interest rate and currency rate fluctuations, and economic slowdown or recession, that may result in unfavorable conditions that could negatively affect demand for our products and services, impact the prices we can charge for our products and services, disrupt our supply chain. impair our ability to produce our products, or increase borrowing costs.
•the impact of inflation and disruptions in our global supply chain on bd and our suppliers (particularly sole-source suppliers and providers of sterilization services), including fluctuations in the cost and availability of oil-based resins and other raw materials, as well as certain components, used in the production or sterilization of our products, transportation constraints and delays, product shortages, energy shortages or increased energy costs, labor shortages or disputes, and increased operating and labor costs.
•conditions in international markets, including social and political conditions, geopolitical developments such as the ongoing situations in ukraine, the middle east and asia, civil unrest, terrorist activity, governmental changes, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders, economic sanctions, export controls, tariffs and other protectionist measures and barriers to market participation (such as local company and products preferences), difficulties in protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights and governmental expropriation of assets. our international operations also increase our compliance risks, including risks under the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption and bribery laws, as well as regulatory and privacy laws.
•competitive factors that could adversely affect our operations, including new product introductions and technologies (for example, new forms of drug delivery or novel medical therapies) by our current or future competitors, consolidation or strategic alliances among healthcare companies, distributors and/or payers of healthcare to improve their competitive position or develop new models for the delivery of healthcare, increased pricing pressure due to the impact of low-cost manufacturers, patents attained by competitors (particularly as patents on our products expire), new entrants into our markets and changes in the practice of medicine.
•changes in the way healthcare services are delivered, including transition of more care from acute to non-acute settings and increased focus on chronic disease management, which may affect the demand for our products and services. additionally, budget constraints and staffing shortages, particularly shortages of nursing staff, may affect the prioritization of healthcare services, which could also impact the demand for certain of our products and services.
•our ability to achieve our projected level or mix of product sales, as our earnings forecasts are based on projected sales volumes and pricing of many product types, some of which are more profitable than others.
•cost-containment efforts in the u.s. or in other countries in which we do business, such as alternative payment reform and increased use of competitive bidding and tenders, including, without limitation, any expansion of the volume-based procurement process in china or the implementation of similar cost-containment efforts.
•risks relating to our overall level of indebtedness, including our ability to service our debt and refinance our indebtedness, which is dependent upon the capital markets and the overall macroeconomic environment and our financial condition at such time.
•changes in the domestic and foreign healthcare industry or in medical practices that result in a reduction in procedures using our products or increased pricing pressures, including cost-reduction measures instituted by and the continued consolidation among healthcare providers.
•the effects of regulatory or other events (such as public health crises) that adversely impact our supply chain, including our ability to manufacture (including sterilize) our products (particularly where production of a product line or sterilization operations are concentrated in one or more plants), source materials or components or services from suppliers (including sole-source suppliers) that are needed for such manufacturing (including sterilization), or provide products to our customers, including events that impact key distributors. in particular, there has been increased regulatory focus on the use and emission of ethylene oxide in sterilization processes, and additional regulatory requirements have been proposed and may be imposed in the future that could adversely impact bd or our third-party sterilization providers.
•security breaches of our information and technology systems or our products, which could impair our ability to conduct business, result in the loss of bd trade secrets or otherwise compromise sensitive information of bd or its customers, suppliers and other business partners, or of patients, including sensitive personal data, or result in product efficacy or safety concerns for certain of our products, and result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation.
•product efficacy or safety concerns regarding our products resulting in product holds or recalls, regulatory action on the part of the fda or foreign counterparts (including restrictions on future product clearances and civil penalties), declining sales and product liability claims, and damage to our reputation. as a result of the carefusion acquisition, our u.s. infusion pump business is operating under a consent decree with the fda. the consent decree authorizes the fda, in the event of any violations in the future, to order our u.s. infusion pump business to cease manufacturing and distributing products, recall products or take other actions, and order the payment of significant monetary damages if the business subject to the decree fails to comply with any provision of the consent decree. in accordance with our commitments to the fda, the overall timing of replacement or remediation of the bd alaristm infusion systems and return to market in the u.s. may be impacted by, among other things, customer readiness, supply continuity and our continued engagement with the fda.
•difficulties inherent in product development, including the potential inability to successfully continue technological innovation, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and registrations in the u.s. and abroad, obtain intellectual property protection for our products, obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement for new products, or gain and maintain market approval of products, as well as the possibility of infringement claims by competitors with respect to patents or other intellectual property rights, all of which could preclude or delay commercialization of a product. delays in obtaining necessary approvals or clearances from the fda or other regulatory agencies or changes in the regulatory process may also delay product launches and increase development costs.
•the risks associated with the spin-off of our former diabetes care business, including factors that could adversely affect our ability to realize the expected benefits of the spin-off, or the qualification of the spin-off as a tax-free transaction for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
•the impact of business combinations or divestitures, including any volatility in earnings relating to acquisition-related costs, and our ability to successfully integrate any business we may acquire.
•our ability to penetrate or expand our operations in emerging markets, which depends on local economic and political conditions, and how well we are able to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities and distribution networks.
•deficit reduction efforts or other actions that reduce the availability of government funding for healthcare and research, which could weaken demand for our products and result in additional pricing pressures, as well as create potential collection risks associated with such sales.
•fluctuations in university or u.s. and international governmental funding and policies for life sciences research.
•our ability to recruit and retain key employees and the impact of labor conditions which could increase employee turnover or increase our labor and operating costs and negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our business.
•fluctuations in the demand for products we sell to pharmaceutical companies that are used to manufacture, or are sold with, the products of such companies, as a result of funding constraints, consolidation or otherwise.
•the impact of climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, such as regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, zero-carbon energy and sustainability mandates, and additional taxes on fuel and energy, and changing customer preferences and requirements, such as those regarding the use of materials of concern, increased demand for products with lower environmental footprints, and for companies to set and demonstrate progress against greenhouse gas reduction plans and targets.
•natural disasters, including the impacts of hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and floods and other extreme weather events, global health pandemics, war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts that could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability, resulting in decreased demand for our products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities or cause interruptions in our supply chain.
•pending and potential future litigation or other proceedings asserting, and/or investigations concerning and/or subpoenas and requests seeking information with respect to, alleged violations of law (including in connection with federal and/or state healthcare programs (such as medicare or medicaid) and/or sales and marketing practices (such as investigative subpoenas and the civil investigative demands received by bd)), potential anti-corruption and related internal control violations under the foreign corrupt practices act, antitrust claims, securities law claims, product liability (which may involve lawsuits seeking class action status or seeking to establish multi-district litigation proceedings, including pending claims relating to our hernia repair implant products, surgical continence products for women, vena cava filter products and implantable ports), claims with respect to environmental matters, data privacy breaches and patent infringement, and the availability or collectability of insurance relating to any such claims.
•new or changing laws and regulations affecting our domestic and foreign operations, or changes in enforcement practices, including, without limitation, laws relating to sales practices, environmental protection and reporting, price controls, privacy, cybersecurity, and licensing and regulatory requirements for new products and products in the post-marketing phase. in particular, the u.s. and other countries may impose new requirements regarding registration, labeling or prohibited materials that may require us to re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products. environmental laws, particularly with respect to the emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent throughout the world, which may increase our costs of operations or necessitate changes in our manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or result in liability to bd.
•the effect of adverse media exposure or other publicity regarding bd's business or operations, including the effect on bd's reputation or demand for its products.
•the effect of market fluctuations on the value of assets in bd's pension plans and on actuarial interest rate and asset return assumptions, which could require bd to make additional contributions to the plans or increase our pension plan expense.
•our ability to obtain the anticipated benefits of restructuring programs, if any, that we may undertake.
the foregoing list sets forth many, but not all, of the factors that could impact our ability to achieve results described in any forward-looking statements. investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties.