item 1a. risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. these risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. our separate section above, "cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information," should be considered in addition to the following statements.
government regulation while we have reached the agreement in principle with the epa, carb, doj and ca ag to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the u.s. and recorded a charge of $2.036 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 in connection with the agreement in principle, the agreement in principle remains subject to final regulatory and judicial approvals. in addition, we have incurred, and likely will incur, other additional claims, costs and expenses in connection with the matters covered by the agreement in principle and other matters related to our compliance with emission standards for our engines, including with respect to additional regulatory action and collateral litigation related to these matters. those and related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in december 2023, we announced that we reached the agreement in principle and recorded a charge of $2.036 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve the matters addressed by the agreement in principle involving approximately one million of our pick-up truck applications in the u.s. this charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of $59 million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 titan trucks. failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the agreement in principle will also subject us to further stipulated penalties. the agreement in principle remains subject to final regulatory and judicial approvals, and we cannot be certain that the agreement in principle will be approved, in its current form, or at all.
we have also been in communication with other non-u.s. regulators regarding matters related to the emission systems in our engines and may also become subject to additional regulatory review in connection with these matters.
in connection with our announcement of our entry into the agreement in principle, we have become subject to shareholder, consumer and third-party litigation regarding the matters covered by the agreement in principle and we may become subject to additional litigation in connection with these matters.
the consequences resulting from the resolution of the foregoing matters are uncertain and the related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. see note 15, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent and fragmented emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, the eu, state regulatory agencies (such as the carb) and other regulatory agencies around the world. regulatory agencies are making certification and compliance with emissions and noise standards more stringent and subjecting diesel engine products to an increasing level of scrutiny. in addition, failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the agreement in principle will subject us to stipulated penalties. the discovery of noncompliance issues could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
developing engines and components to meet more stringent and changing regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. while we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties.
in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in our worldwide markets are unpredictable and subject to change. any delays in implementation or enforcement could result in a loss of our competitive advantage and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
evolving environmental and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives may adversely impact our operations, could impact the competitive landscape within our markets and could negatively affect demand for our products.
our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, carbon content, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. for example, in october 2023, the epa published a final rule imposing reporting and recordkeeping requirements on manufacturers and importers of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (pfas). while we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. we are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. if a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material. we may become subject to additional evolving regulations related to the cleanup of contaminated property, such as the epa's proposal to designate two widely used pfas as hazardous substances.concern over climate change has resulted in, and could continue to result in, new legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of ghg emissions. we may become subject to further additional legislation, regulations or accords regarding climate change, and compliance with new rules could be difficult and costly, including increased capital expenditures. our failure to successfully comply with any such legislation, regulation or accord could also impact our ability to compete in our markets and decrease demand for our products.
we operate our business on a global basis and changes in international, national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies affecting and/or restricting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position.
we manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. changes in laws, regulations and government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-u.s. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. our business benefits from free trade agreements, such as the united states-mexico-canada agreement and the u.s. trade relationship with china, brazil and france and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs (including, but not limited to, additional tariffs on the import of steel or aluminum and imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries, including based on developments in u.s. and china relations), import or export licensing requirements and exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could limit our ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets, impair our ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products and services, and could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
embargoes, sanctions and export controls imposed by the u.s. and other governments restricting or prohibiting transactions with certain persons or entities, including financial institutions, to certain countries or regions, or involving certain products, limit the sales of our products. embargoes, sanctions and export control laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to china. in particular, changing u.s. export controls and sanctions on china, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions involving china and chinese parties, could affect our ability to collect receivables, access cash generated in china, provide aftermarket and warranty support for our products, sell products and otherwise impact our reputation and business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by the adoption of new tax legislation, changes in earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the u.s., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the u.s. we are also subject to ongoing tax audits. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws from other countries, as well as new regulatory requirements regarding data privacy, such as the european union general data protection regulation. our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the u.s. the activities of these entities may not comply with u.s. laws or business practices or our code of business conduct. violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles or other applications could have a material adverse impact on our business over the long term.
in an effort to limit ghg emissions and combat climate change, multiple countries and cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their countries or cities of diesel-powered products in the near or distant future. these countries include china, india and germany. in addition, california government officials have called for the state to phase out sales of certain diesel-powered vehicles by 2035. to the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our diesel business over the long-term could experience material adverse impacts.
business conditions / disruptions we may fail to successfully integrate the acquisition of meritor and / or fail to fully realize all of the anticipated benefits, including enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flow from our acquisition which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the acquisition of meritor involves the integration of meritor's operations with our existing operations, and there are uncertainties inherent in such an integration. we have, and will be continued to be required to, devote significant management attention and resources to integrating meritor's operations. our ability to fully realize all of the anticipated benefits, including enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flow, from our acquisition of meritor will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully integrate the products into our segments, launch the meritor products around the world and achieve our projected sales goals. while we believe we will ultimately achieve these objectives, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve some or all of these objectives within our anticipated time frame or in the anticipated amounts. if we are not able to successfully complete the integration of the meritor business or implement our meritor strategy, we may not fully realize the anticipated benefits, including enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flows, from this acquisition or such anticipated benefits may take longer to realize than expected. as part of the purchase accounting associated with the acquisition, significant goodwill and intangible asset balances were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. if cash flows from the acquisition fall short of our anticipated amounts, these assets could be subject to non-cash impairment charges, negatively impacting our earnings. failure to successfully integrate meritor and / or realize the anticipated benefits could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are vulnerable to raw material, transportation and labor price fluctuations and supply shortages, which impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are experiencing supply chain disruptions and related challenges throughout the supply chain. we single source a number of parts and raw materials critical to our business operations. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers (including, but not limited to, raw material availability, capacity constraints, port congestion, labor disputes or unrest, shortages of labor, economic downturns, availability of credit, impaired financial condition, sanctions/tariffs, pandemic restrictions, energy inflation/availability, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters, acts of government or acts of war or terrorism). the effects of climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability may exacerbate these risks. any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in addition, the current economic environment has resulted, and may continue to result, in price volatility and increased levels of inflation of many of our raw material, transportation and other costs. in particular, increased levels of inflation, rising interest rates and concerns regarding a potential economic recession may result in increased operating costs and/or decreased levels of profitability. further, the labor market for skilled manufacturing remains tight, and our labor costs have increased as a result. material, transportation, labor and other cost inflation has impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.
our markets are cyclical in nature and we face periods when demand fluctuates significantly higher or lower than our normal operating levels, including variability driven by supply chain inconsistency. accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity are important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. we manage our capacity by adjusting our manufacturing workforce, capital expenditures and purchases from suppliers. in periods of weak demand, we may face under-utilized capacity and un-recovered overhead costs, while in periods of strong demand we may experience unplanned costs and could fail to meet customer demand. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately adjust our manufacturing capacity in response to significant changes in customer demand, which could harm our business. if we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our china-based investees.
for 2023, we recognized $483 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $349 million in 2022. approximately one third of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from three of our 50 percent owned joint ventures in china - beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd., dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. and chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. a significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
our truck manufacturers and oem customers discontinuing outsourcing their engine supply needs, experiencing financial distress or experiencing a change-in-control of one of our large truck oem customers, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck oem customers which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. many are truck manufacturers or oems that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. however, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. in addition, increased levels of oem vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or oem customers, financial distress of one of our large truck oem customers due to a change-in-control, could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. product recalls subject us to reputational risk, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to known or suspected performance or safety issues. any significant product recalls could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. see note 14, "product warranty liability" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.
our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world as well as elevated levels of inflation may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. while we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks, there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. while the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments, we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. as a result, higher material and commodity costs, could result in declining margins.
we are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified powertrains, hydrogen production and fuel cells, for planned introduction into certain new and existing markets. given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to our planned products, which will face competition from an array of other technologies and manufacturers. the ongoing energy transition away from fossil fuels and the increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains. furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified or alternate fuel powertrains and some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own, or source from other manufacturers, and any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
although we conduct market research before launching new or refreshed engines and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace. offering engines and services that customers desire and value can mitigate the risks of increasing competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less than desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, overall value, fuel efficiency or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media and other media, mere allegations relating to poor quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate responsibility or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even if such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.
our business is exposed to potential product liability claims.
we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. at any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. while we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. in addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.
general we may not realize the anticipated value or tax treatment for the anticipated full divestiture of our interest in atmus filtration technologies inc. (atmus).
there are uncertainties and risks related to the timing and potential value to cummins, atmus and our respective shareholders of the planned divestiture of atmus, including business, industry and market risks, as well as risks involving realizing the anticipated favorable tax treatment of the divestiture if there is a significant delay or failure to complete the divestiture. failure to implement the divestiture effectively could result in a lower value to cummins, atmus and our respective shareholders.
a delay or failure to complete the divestiture could result in our businesses facing material challenges in connection with this transaction, including, without limitation:
•the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and impact on our businesses as a result of the devotion of management's attention to strategic alternatives for the atmus divestiture;
•retaining existing business and operational relationships, including with customers, suppliers, employees and other counterparties, and attracting new business and operational relationships; and
any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on each of cummins' and atmus's respective business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, if the divestiture is completed, the new independent company will incur ongoing costs, including costs of operating as an independent company, that the divested business will no longer be able to share.
we may be adversely impacted by the effects of climate change and may incur increased costs and experience other impacts due to new or more stringent climate change regulations, accords, mitigation efforts, ghg regulations or other legislation designed to address climate change.
the scientific consensus indicates that emissions of ghg continue to alter the composition of earth's atmosphere in ways that are affecting, and are expected to continue to affect, the global climate. the potential impacts of climate change on our customers, product offerings, operations, facilities and suppliers are accelerating and uncertain, as they will be particular to local and customer-specific circumstances. these potential impacts may include, among other items, physical long-term changes in freshwater availability and the frequency and severity of weather events as well as customer product changes either through preference or regulation.
concerns regarding climate change may lead to additional international, national, regional and local legislative and regulatory responses, accords and mitigation efforts. various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, are continuing to look for ways to reduce ghg emissions, and consumers are increasingly demanding products and services resulting in lower ghg emissions. we could face risks to our brand reputation, investor confidence and market share due to an inability to innovate and develop new products that decrease ghg emissions. increased input costs, such as fuel, utility, transportation and compliance-related costs could increase our operating costs and negatively impact customer operations and demand for our products. as the impact of any additional future climate related legislative or regulatory requirements on our global businesses and products is dependent on the timing, scope and design of the mandates or standards, we are currently unable to predict its potential impact which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
climate change may exacerbate the frequency and intensity of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions, which may cause disruptions to our operations, including disrupting manufacturing, distribution and our supply chain.
our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions and divestitures may expose us to additional costs and risks.
part of our strategic plan is to improve our revenue growth, gross margins and earnings by exploring the repositioning of our portfolio of product line offerings through the pursuit of potential strategic acquisitions and/or divestitures to provide future strategic, financial and operational benefits and improve shareholder value. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on favorable terms. the successful identification and completion of any strategic transaction depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete specific transactions. the exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management's attention from our existing business. strategic transactions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers.if required, the financing for strategic acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. also, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. in addition, if an acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition.similarly, any strategic divestiture of a product line or business may reduce our revenue and earnings, reduce the diversity of our business, result in substantial costs and expenses and cause disruption to our employees, customers, vendors and communities in which we operate.
our business and operations are subject to interest rate risks and changes in interest rates can reduce demand for our products and increase borrowing costs and result in non-cash charges rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of our customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for our products and our customers' ability to repay obligations to us. rising interest rates may increase our cost of capital which could have material adverse effects on our financial condition and cash flows. rising interest rates could also impact certain goodwill assets requiring non-cash impairment charges which could have a material adverse impact on our earnings.
we depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel, including our leadership team and others at all levels of the company, as a critical part of our human capital resources. in addition, our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel in a highly competitive labor market, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract other talented personnel. any such loss or failure could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our information technology environment and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology environment and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. we also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these technologies and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. as we implement new technologies, they may not perform as expected. we face the challenge of supporting our older technologies and implementing necessary upgrades. in addition, some of these technologies are managed by third-party service providers and are not under our direct control. if we experience a problem with an important technology, including during upgrades and/or new implementations of technologies, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. as customers adopt and rely on cloud-based digital technologies and services we offer, any disruption of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of those services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
the data handled by our technologies is vulnerable to security threats. our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. as such, our information technology environment faces information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, ransomware attacks and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures. these threats could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information, create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business, result in the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. as the result of changing market conditions, a large percentage of our salaried employees continue to work remotely full or part-time. this remote working environment may pose a heightened risk for security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology environment.
in addition, our products, including our engines, contain interconnected and increasingly complex technologies that control various processes and these technologies are potentially subject to "cyber attacks" and disruption. the impact of a significant information technology event on either our information technology environment or our products could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. greater political, economic and social uncertainty and the evolving globalization of businesses could significantly change the dynamics of our competition, customer base and product offerings and impact our growth globally.
our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. these risks include:
•economic and political instability, including international conflicts, war, acts of terrorism or the threat thereof, political or labor unrest, civil unrest, riots or insurrections;
•the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the u.s.;
•the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;
•required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and
•changes in general economic and political conditions, including changes in relationship with the u.s., in countries where we operate, particularly in china and emerging markets.
as we continue to operate and grow our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. there can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.
in addition, there continues to be significant uncertainty about the future relationships between the u.s. and china, including with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, especially trade with china could adversely impact our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we face significant competition in the regions we serve.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. we primarily compete with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas, hydrogen, electrification and other technologies, and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. our products primarily compete on the basis of performance, price, total cost of ownership, fuel economy, emissions compliance, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. we also face competitors in some emerging regions who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. additionally, we face increasing competition to develop innovative products that result in lower emissions. there can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets.
increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth.
as our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. this has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. as these emerging market customers enter into, and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers. in addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers.
failure to meet environmental, social and governance (esg) expectations or standards, or to achieve our esg goals, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in recent years, there has been an increased focus from stakeholders on esg matters, including ghg emissions and climate-related risks, renewable energy, water stewardship, waste management, diversity, equity and inclusion, responsible sourcing and supply chain, human rights and social responsibility. given our commitment to certain esg principles, we actively manage these issues and have established and publicly announced certain goals, commitments and targets which we may refine, or even expand further, in the future. these goals, commitments and targets reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. evolving stakeholder expectations and our efforts to manage these issues, report on them and accomplish our goals present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material adverse impact, including on our reputation.
•reputational harm, including damage to our relationships with customers, suppliers, investors, governments or other stakeholders;
•adverse impacts on our ability to sell and manufacture products;
•the success of our collaborations with third parties;
•increased risk of litigation, investigations or regulatory enforcement actions;
•our ability to achieve our goals, commitments and targets within the timeframes announced;
•access to and increased cost of capital and
any failure, or perceived failure, to meet evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards or achieve our esg goals, commitments and targets could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
at december 31, 2023, we employed approximately 75,500 persons worldwide. approximately 21,900 of our employees worldwide were represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2024 and 2028. while we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. in addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by us, our customers or suppliers could result in slowdowns or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. in addition, since our financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. see management's discussion and analysis for additional information.
significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. we could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets.significant declines in current and future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. depending upon the severity and length of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the u.s. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.
we are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.
the level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. high energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. the relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. if these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to those financial statements. our md&a is presented in the following sections:
•liquidity and capital resources
•application of critical accounting estimates
•recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements the following is the discussion and analysis of changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022. the discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2021 and changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, that are not included in this form 10-k, may be found in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on february 14, 2023.
executive summary and financial highlights overview we are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel, natural gas, electric and hybrid powertrains and powertrain-related components including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, valvetrain technologies, controls systems, air handling systems, automated transmissions, axles, drivelines, brakes, suspension systems, electric power generation systems, batteries, electrified power systems, hydrogen production technologies and fuel cell products. we sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (oems), distributors, dealers and other customers worldwide. we have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including paccar inc, traton group, daimler trucks north america and stellantis n.v. we serve our customers through a service network of approximately 450 wholly-owned, joint venture and independent distributor locations and more than 19,000 cummins certified dealer locations in approximately 190 countries and territories.
as previously announced, beginning in the first quarter of 2023, we realigned certain businesses and regions within our reportable segments to be consistent with how our segment managers monitor the performance of our segments. we reorganized the businesses within our components segment to carve out the electronics business into the newly formed software and electronics business and combined the turbo technologies and fuel systems businesses into the newly formed engine components business. on may 26, 2023, with the atmus filtration technologies inc. (atmus) initial public offering (ipo), we changed the name of our components' filtration business to atmus. our components segment now consists of the following businesses: axles and brakes, emission solutions, engine components, atmus, automated transmissions and software and electronics. in the first quarter of 2023, as a result of the indefinite suspension of operations in russia, we reorganized the regional management structure of our distribution segment and moved all commonwealth of independent states (cis) sales into the europe and africa and middle east regions. the russian portion of prior period cis sales moved to the europe region. in march 2023, we rebranded our new power segment as "accelera" to better represent our commitment to zero-emission technologies. in addition, we moved our nproxx joint venture from the accelera segment to the engine segment, which adjusted both the equity, royalty and interest income (loss) from investees and segment ebitda (defined as earnings or losses before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and noncontrolling interests) line items for the prior years. we started to report results for the changes within our operating segments effective january 1, 2023, and reflected these changes in the historical periods presented. see note 23, "formation of atmus and ipo," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about the atmus ipo.
our reportable operating segments consist of components, engine, distribution, power systems and accelera. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. the components segment sells axles, drivelines, brakes and suspension systems for commercial diesel and natural gas applications, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, fuel systems, valvetrain technologies, filtration products, automated transmissions and electronics. the engine segment produces engines (15 liters and smaller) and associated parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various off-highway markets. our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, agriculture, power generation systems and other off-highway applications. the distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various oems throughout the world. the power systems segment is an integrated power provider, which designs, manufactures and sells engines (16 liters and larger) for industrial applications (including mining, oil and gas, marine and rail), standby and prime power generator sets, alternators and other power components. the accelera segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports hydrogen production technologies as well as electrified power systems with innovative components and subsystems, including battery, fuel cell and electric powertrain technologies. the accelera segment is currently in the early stages of commercializing these technologies with efforts primarily focused on the development of our electrolyzers for hydrogen production and electrified power systems and related components and subsystems. we continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our oem partners and end customers.
our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. our sales may also be impacted by oem inventory levels, production schedules, stoppages and supply chain challenges. economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. as a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by geopolitical risks, currency fluctuations, political and economic uncertainty, public health crises (epidemics or pandemics) and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. as part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry higher levels of these risks such as china, brazil, india, mexico and countries in the middle east and africa. at the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry, region, the economy of any single country or customer on our consolidated results.
agreement in principle in december 2023, we announced that we reached an agreement in principle with the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa), the california air resources board (carb), the environmental and natural resources division of the u.s. department of justice (doj) and the california attorney general's office (ca ag) to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the u.s. (collectively, the agreement in principle). as part of the agreement in principle, among other things, we agreed to pay civil penalties, complete recall requirements, undertake mitigation projects, provide extended warranties, undertake certain testing, take certain corporate compliance measures and make certain payments. failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the agreement in principle will subject us to further stipulated penalties. we recorded a charge of $2.036 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve the matters addressed by the agreement in principle involving approximately one million of our pick-up truck applications in the u.s. this charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of $59 million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 titan trucks. of this amount, $1.938 billion relates to payments that are expected to be made in 2024. see note 2, "agreement in principle," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
worldwide revenues improved 21 percent in 2023 compared to 2022, due to increased axles and brakes sales in the components segment of $2.9 billion from the meritor acquisition on august 3, 2022, and higher demand in all operating segments and most geographic regions, partially offset by the decrease in russian sales due to the indefinite suspension of our russian operations in march 2022. net sales in the u.s. and canada improved by 22 percent primarily due to incremental sales of axles and brakes,
increased demand in all distribution product lines and stronger demand in heavy-duty and medium-duty truck markets, which positively impacted most components businesses. international demand (excludes the u.s. and canada) improved by 20 percent, with higher sales in most geographic regions, partially offset by a decrease in russian sales due to the indefinite suspension of our operations in march 2022. the increase in international sales was principally due to incremental sales of axles and brakes in western europe, latin america, asia pacific and india and higher demand for power generation equipment. unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations impacted international sales by 1 percent (mainly the chinese renminbi and indian rupee, partially offset by the euro).
the following table contains sales and ebitda by operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2023, and 2022. see note 25, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our consolidated statements of net income.
of total                                                                                                                                                                            of total in millions                                                                          sales                                                      ebitda                                                       sales                                                      ebitda                                                       sales                                                      ebitda components                                                               $13,409                                                          39         %                                            $1,840                                                      $9,736                                                          34         %                                            $1,346                                                          38         %                                                37         %
(1) ebitda includes $2.0 billion related to the agreement in principle and $100 million of costs associated with the ipo and separation of atmus. see note 2, "agreement in principle," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) ebitda includes $111 million of costs associated with the indefinite suspension of our russian operations, $83 million of costs related to the acquisition and integration of meritor and $81 million of costs associated with the planned separation of atmus. see note 22, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
net income attributable to cummins inc. for 2023 was $735 million, or $5.15 per diluted share, on sales of $34.1 billion, compared to 2022 net income attributable to cummins inc. of $2.2 billion, or $15.12 per diluted share, on sales of $28.1 billion. the decreases in net income attributable to cummins inc. and earnings per diluted share were driven by the $2.0 billion charge related to the agreement in principle and increased compensation expenses, partially offset by higher net sales and improved gross margins. the increase in gross margin was mainly due to favorable pricing and higher volumes (including sales of axles and brakes from the meritor acquisition), partially offset by higher compensation expenses.
we generated $4.0 billion of operating cash flows in 2023, compared to $2.0 billion in 2022. see the section titled "cash flows" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows.
our debt to capital ratio (total capital defined as debt plus equity) at december 31, 2023, was 40.3 percent, compared to 44.1 percent at december 31, 2022. the decrease was primarily due to lower debt. at december 31, 2023, we had $2.7 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand and access to our $4.0 billion credit facilities (net of commercial paper outstanding), if necessary, to meet acquisition, working capital, investment and funding needs.
on october 2, 2023, we repaid our $500 million senior notes, due 2023, using a combination of cash on hand and additional commercial paper borrowings.
on october 2, 2023, we purchased all of the equity ownership of faurecia's u.s. and europe commercial vehicle exhaust business from the forvia group for $210 million, subject to final working capital and other adjustments. see note 24, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on june 29, 2023, a share purchase agreement was executed with the minority shareholders of hydrogenics corporation (hydrogenics) whereby we agreed to pay the minority shareholders $335 million for their 19 percent ownership, including the settlement of shareholder loans of $48 million. as part of the share purchase agreement, hydrogenics entered into three non-interest-bearing promissory notes with $175 million paid on july 31, 2023, and the remaining $160 million due in three installments through 2025. see note 24, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on june 5, 2023, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to $2.0 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to june 3, 2024. this credit agreement amended and restated the prior $1.5 billion 364-day credit facility that was scheduled to mature on august 16, 2023. in connection with the 364-day credit agreement, effective june 5, 2023, we terminated our $500 million incremental 364-day credit agreement dated august 17, 2022.
on may 23, 2023, in connection with the atmus ipo, cummins issued approximately $350 million of commercial paper with certain lenders. on may 26, 2023, atmus shares began trading on the new york stock exchange under the symbol "atmu." the ipo was completed on may 30, 2023, whereby cummins exchanged 19.5 percent (approximately 16 million shares) of its ownership in atmus, at $19.50 per share, to retire $299 million of the commercial paper as proceeds from the offering through a non-cash transaction. as we still own 80.5 percent of atmus shares, it remains included in our consolidated financial statements. see note 23, "formation of atmus and ipo," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on april 3, 2023, we purchased all of the equity ownership interest of teksid hierro de mexico, s.a. de c.v. (teksid mx) and teksid, inc. from stellantis n.v. for approximately $143 million, subject to certain adjustments set forth in the agreement. see note 24, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in 2023, the investment gain on our u.s. pension trusts was 6.81 percent, while our u.k. pension trusts' loss was 4.37 percent. our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 113 percent funded at december 31, 2023. our u.s. defined benefit plans (qualified and non-qualified), which represented approximately 69 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, were 113 percent funded, and our u.k. defined benefit plans were 113 percent funded at december 31, 2023. we expect to contribute approximately $67 million in cash to our global pension plans in 2024. in addition, we expect our 2024 net periodic pension cost to approximate $33 million. see application of critical accounting estimates within md&a and note 11, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information concerning our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
as of the date of this filing, our credit ratings from moody's investor services, inc. remain unchanged and the outlook remains stable, while standard and poor's rating services downgraded our long-term rating to a while our short-term rate remained at a1 and our outlook remained stable.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                  483                         349                         506                        134                         38    %                   (157)                       (31)    %
•components segment sales increased 38 percent largely due to axles and brakes sales from the meritor acquisition.
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 39 percent of total net sales in 2023, compared with 40 percent of total net sales in 2022. a more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
cost of sales the types of expenses included in cost of sales are the following: parts and material consumption, including direct and indirect materials; compensation and related expenses including variable compensation, salaries and fringe benefits; depreciation on
production equipment and facilities and amortization of technology intangibles; estimated costs of warranty programs and campaigns; production utilities; production-related purchasing; warehousing, including receiving and inspection; freight costs; engineering support costs; repairs and maintenance; production and warehousing facility property insurance; rent for production facilities; charges for the write-downs of inventories in russia and other production overhead.
gross margin gross margin increased $1.5 billion and increased 0.3 points as a percentage of sales. the increase in gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of sales was mainly due to favorable pricing and higher volumes (including sales of axles and brakes from the meritor acquisition), partially offset by higher compensation expenses. the provision for base warranties issued as a percentage of sales was 1.8 percent in 2023 and 1.8 percent in 2022.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses increased $646 million, primarily due to higher compensation expenses and higher consulting expenses. compensation and related expenses include variable compensation, salaries and fringe benefits. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 9.8 percent in 2023 from 9.6 percent in 2022, as selling, general and administrative expenses increased at a faster rate than net sales.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses increased $222 million, principally due to higher compensation costs. compensation and related expenses include variable compensation, salaries and fringe benefits. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 4.4 percent in 2023 from 4.6 percent in 2022, as research, development and engineering expenses increased at a slower rate than net sales.
research activities continue to focus on development of new products and improvements of current technologies to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines and related components, as well as development activities around hydrogen engine solutions, battery electric, fuel cell electric and hydrogen production technologies.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees increased $134 million, mainly due to the absence of the $28 million impairment of our russian joint venture with kamaz, higher earnings at dongfeng cummins engine co., ltd., komatsu cummins chile, ltda. and beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd., higher royalty and interest income from investees and increased joint venture earnings from the meritor acquisition. see note 4, "investments in equity investees," and note 22, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
loss on write-off of assets                                                           (9)                                                         (7)
(1) see note 2, "agreement in principle," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) see note 22, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
gain (loss) on marketable securities, net                           15                           (7)
the year ended december 31, 2023, contained unfavorable net discrete items of $397 million, primarily due to $398 million in the fourth quarter related to the $2.0 billion charge from the agreement in principle, $22 million of unfavorable adjustments for uncertain tax positions and $3 million of net unfavorable other discrete tax items, partially offset by $21 million of favorable return to provision adjustments and $5 million of favorable share-based compensation tax benefit.
the year ended december 31, 2022, contained discrete tax items that netted to zero, primarily due to $31 million of favorable changes in accrued withholding taxes, $29 million of favorable changes in tax reserves, $15 million of favorable valuation allowance adjustments and $9 million of favorable other net discrete items, offset by $69 million of unfavorable tax costs associated with internal restructuring ahead of the planned separation of atmus and $15 million of unfavorable return to provision adjustments related to the 2021 filed tax returns.
the change in effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2023, versus year ended december 31, 2022, was primarily due to the agreement in principle, of which $1.732 billion (primarily related to penalties) was non-deductible for tax purposes, jurisdictional mix of pre-tax income and actual and planned repatriations of earnings back to the u.s. see note 2, "agreement in principle," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our effective tax rate for 2024 is expected to approximate 24.0 percent, excluding any discrete tax items that may arise.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries increased $73 million principally due to higher earnings at cummins india limited and eaton cummins joint venture, as well as earnings attributable to the divested, noncontrolling interest in atmus.
in millions                                                                  translation adjustment               primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar                                                   translation adjustment                    primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar wholly-owned subsidiaries                                                            $118                         british pound and brazilian real, partially offset by chinese renminbi                    $(250)                                    chinese renminbi and indian rupee equity method investments                                                            (23)                         chinese renminbi, partially offset by brazilian real                                      (94)                                      chinese renminbi consolidated subsidiaries with a noncontrolling interest                              (3)                         chinese renminbi                                                                          (40)                                      indian rupee total                                                                                 $92                                                                                                                   $(384)
operating segment results as previously announced, beginning in the first quarter of 2023, we realigned certain businesses and regions within our reportable segments to be consistent with how our segment managers monitor the performance of our segments. we reorganized the businesses within our components segment to carve out the electronics business into the newly formed software and electronics business and combined the turbo technologies and fuel systems businesses into the newly formed engine components business. on may 26, 2023, with the ipo, we changed the name of our components' filtration business to atmus. our components segment now consists of the following businesses: axles and brakes, emission solutions, engine components, atmus, automated transmissions and software and electronics. in the first quarter of 2023, as a result of the indefinite suspension of operations in russia, we reorganized the regional management structure of our distribution segment and moved all commonwealth of independent states (cis) sales into the europe and africa and middle east regions. the russian portion of prior period cis sales moved to the europe region. in march 2023, we rebranded our new power segment as "accelera" to better represent our commitment to zero-emission technologies. in addition, we moved our nproxx joint venture from the accelera segment to the engine segment, which adjusted both the equity, royalty and interest income from investees and segment ebitda line items for the current and prior year. we started to report results for the changes within our operating segments effective january 1, 2023, and reflected these changes in the historical periods presented. see note 23, "formation of atmus and ipo," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about the atmus ipo.
our reportable operating segments consist of the components, engine, distribution, power systems and accelera segments. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. we use segment ebitda as the basis for the chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of each of our reportable operating segments. we believe ebitda is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. see note 25, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our consolidated statements of net income.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                      97                                  71                                  50                            26                                  37     %                            21                                  42     %
interest income                                                                         31                                  12                                   5                            19                                        nm                             7                                        nm russian suspension costs (1)                                                             -                                   5                                   -                             5                                 100     %                           (5)                                        nm segment ebitda                                                                       1,840               (2)             1,346               (3)             1,180                           494                                  37     %                           166                                  14     %
percentage points                                                       percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                                   13.7     %                          13.8     %                          15.4     %                                                             (0.1)                                                                   (1.6)
(1) see note 22, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) includes costs associated with the ipo and separation of atmus of $78 million.
(3) includes $83 million of costs related to the acquisition and integration of meritor and $28 million of costs associated with the separation of atmus.
•software and electronics - we develop, supply and remanufacture control units, specialty sensors, power electronics, actuators and software for on-highway, off-highway and power generation applications. we primarily serve markets in the americas, china, india and europe.
•axles and brakes sales increased $2.9 billion mainly due to the meritor acquisition on august 3, 2022.
segment ebitda components segment ebitda increased $494 million, mainly due to higher volumes (including sales of axles and brakes from the meritor acquisition), favorable pricing, the absence of the meritor acquisition and integration costs and lower freight costs, partially offset by higher compensation expenses.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                                       251                                                   160                        (1)                        335                                           91                                                    57        %                                        (175)                                                  (52)        %
russian suspension costs (2)                                                                               -                                                    33                        (3)                          -                                           33                                                   100        %                                         (33)                                                             nm segment ebitda                                                                                         1,630                                                 1,535                                                 1,406                                           95                                                     6        %                                          129                                                     9        %
percentage points                                                                                           percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                                                  14.0        %                                         14.0        %                                         14.1        %                                                                                                  -                                                                                                       (0.1)
(1) includes a $28 million impairment of our joint venture with kamaz and $3 million of royalty charges as part of our costs associated with the indefinite suspension of our russian operations. see note 22, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) see note 22, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(3) includes $31 million of russian suspension costs reflected in the equity, royalty and interest income from investees line above.
unit shipments by engine classification (including unit shipments to power systems and off-highway engine units included in their respective classification) were as follows:
total unit shipments                  647,500                     631,900                     664,700            15,600                          2    %                  (32,800)                        (5)    %
•heavy-duty truck sales increased $552 million principally due to higher demand, especially in north america (with shipments up 12 percent) and china.
•medium-duty truck and bus sales increased $210 million mainly due to higher demand, especially in north america with medium-duty truck engine shipments up 11 percent.
segment ebitda engine segment ebitda increased $95 million, primarily due to favorable pricing, partially offset by higher compensation expenses and unfavorable mix.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                97                            77                            63                         20                            26    %                         14                            22    %
interest income                                                                   34                            16                             7                         18                                 nm                          9                                 nm russian suspension costs (1)                                                       -                            54                             -                         54                           100    %                       (54)                                 nm segment ebitda                                                                 1,209                           888                           731                        321                            36    %                        157                            21    %
percentage points                                             percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                              11.8    %                      9.9    %                      9.4    %                                                      1.9                                                           0.5
(1) see note 22, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
segment ebitda distribution segment ebitda increased $321 million, primarily due to increased volumes and favorable mix, partially offset by higher compensation expenses.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                53                            43                            56                       10                            23    %                     (13)                          (23)    %
russian suspension costs (1)                                                       -                            19                             -                       19                           100    %                     (19)                                 nm segment ebitda                                                                   836                           596                           496                      240                            40    %                      100                            20    %
percentage points                                           percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                              14.7    %                     11.8    %                     11.2    %                                                    2.9                                                         0.6
(1) see note 22, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
segment ebitda power systems segment ebitda increased $240 million, primarily due to favorable pricing and higher volumes, partially offset by higher compensation expenses.
equity, royalty and interest (loss) income from investees                       (15)                     (2)                       2               (13)                                 nm                (4)                                 nm interest income                                                                    2                       -                       -                  2                                 nm                  -                             -    %
segment ebitda                                                                 (443)                   (334)                   (218)              (109)                          (33)    %              (116)                          (53)    %
"nm" - not meaningful information accelera segment sales increased 79 percent mainly due to incremental sales of central drive systems, e-axles and accessory systems since the acquisitions of siemens' commercial vehicle propulsion business and meritor's electric powertrain business, as well as improved electrified components sales.
2024 outlook our outlook reflects the following positive trends and challenges to our business that could impact our revenue and earnings potential in 2024.
positive trends
•we expect demand within our power systems business to remain strong, including the power generation, mining and marine markets.
•the financial implications resulting from our agreement in principle will negatively impact our liquidity in 2024 and will result in incremental interest expense for debt utilized in funding the civil penalty.
liquidity and capital resources key working capital and balance sheet data we fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, when necessary. various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. as a result, working capital is a prime focus of management's attention. working capital and balance sheet measures are provided in the following table:
working capital (1)                                                          $2,295                        $3,030
total debt as a percent of total capital                                       40.3      %                   44.1      %
(1) working capital includes cash and cash equivalents.
net cash provided by operating activities                                        $3,966                      $1,962                      $2,256            $2,004                        $(294)
net cash used in investing activities                                           (1,643)                     (4,172)                       (873)             2,529                       (3,299)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                             (2,177)                       1,669                     (2,227)           (3,846)                         3,896
net cash provided by operating activities increased $2.0 billion, primarily due to lower working capital requirements of $3.4 billion, partially offset by lower net income of $1.3 billion. the lower working capital requirements resulted in a cash inflow of $2.4 billion compared to a cash outflow of $1.0 billion in the comparable period in 2022, mainly due to increased accrued expenses (resulting from the agreement in principle and higher variable compensation accruals) and favorable changes in inventories and accounts receivable, partially offset by unfavorable changes in accounts payable.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $2.5 billion, principally due to lower acquisition activity of $2.9 billion, partially offset by higher capital expenditures of $297 million.
net cash used in financing activities increased $3.8 billion, primarily due to higher net payments of commercial paper of $3.0 billion and lower proceeds from borrowings of $1.2 billion, partially offset by lower payments on borrowings and finance lease obligations of $414 million and the absence of repurchases of common stock of $374 million.
the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents decreased $118 million, primarily due to unfavorable fluctuations in the british pound, partially offset by the chinese renminbi.
for prior year liquidity comparisons see the liquidity and capital resources section of our 2022 form 10-k.
sources of liquidity we generate significant ongoing operating cash flow. cash provided by operations is our principal source of liquidity with $4.0 billion provided in 2023. at december 31, 2023, our sources of liquidity included:
in millions                                                                                                                                                                    total                                                                                                              u.s.                                                                                                     international                                                                           primary location of international balances cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                  $2,179                                                                                                              $971                                                                                                            $1,208                                                                                     australia, belgium, china, singapore canada, mexico marketable securities (1)                                                                                                                                     562                                                                                                                84                                                                                                               478                                                                                                                                   india total                                                                                                                                                      $2,741                                                                                                            $1,055                                                                                                            $1,686
available credit capacity revolving credit facilities (2)                                                                                                                            $2,504
atmus revolving credit facility (3)                                                                                                                          $400
international and other uncommitted domestic credit facilities                                                                                               $393
(1) the majority of marketable securities could be liquidated into cash within a few days.
(2) the five-year credit facility for $2.0 billion and the 364-day credit facility for $2.0 billion, maturing august 2026 and june 2024, respectively, are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2023, we had $1.496 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced our available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to $2.504 billion.
(3) in february 2023, atmus entered into a $400 million revolving credit facility, and at december 31, 2023, they had no outstanding borrowings under this facility.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities a significant portion of our cash flows are generated outside the u.s. we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. as a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our operating needs with local resources.
if we distribute our foreign cash balances to the u.s. or to other foreign subsidiaries, we could be required to accrue and pay withholding taxes, for example, if we repatriated cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we asserted are completely or partially permanently reinvested. foreign earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment outside the u.s. consist primarily of earnings of our china, india, canada (including underlying subsidiaries) and netherlands domiciled subsidiaries. at present, we do not foresee a need to repatriate any earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment. however, to help fund cash needs of the u.s. or other international subsidiaries as they arise, we repatriate available cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are not permanently reinvested when it is cost effective to do so.
ipo of atmus on may 23, 2023, in connection with the atmus ipo, cummins issued approximately $350 million of commercial paper with certain lenders. on may 26, 2023, atmus shares began trading on the new york stock exchange under the symbol "atmu." the ipo was completed on may 30, 2023, whereby cummins exchanged 19.5 percent (approximately 16 million shares) of its ownership in atmus, at $19.50 per share, to retire $299 million of the commercial paper as proceeds from the offering through a non-cash transaction. in exchange for the filtration business, atmus also transferred to cummins consideration of approximately $650 million. the commercial paper issued and retired through the ipo proceeds, coupled with the $650 million received, was used for the retirement of our historical debt and payment of dividends. see note 23, "formation of atmus and ipo," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
debt facilities and other sources of liquidity on june 5, 2023, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to $2.0 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to june 3, 2024. this credit agreement amended and restated the prior $1.5 billion 364-day credit facility that was scheduled to mature on august 16, 2023. in connection with the 364-day credit agreement, effective june 5, 2023, we terminated our $500 million incremental 364-day credit agreement dated august 17, 2022.
our committed credit facilities provide access up to $4.0 billion, including our $2.0 billion 364-day facility that expires june 3, 2024, and our $2.0 billion five-year facility that expires on august 18, 2026. these revolving credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. we intend to maintain credit facilities at the current or higher aggregate amounts by renewing or replacing these facilities at or before expiration. the credit agreements include various financial covenants, including, among others, maintaining a net debt to capital ratio of no more than 0.65 to 1.0. at december 31, 2023, our net leverage ratio was 0.26 to 1.0. there were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities at december 31, 2023.
our committed credit facilities provide access up to $4.0 billion of unsecured, short-term promissory notes (commercial paper) pursuant to the board authorized commercial paper programs. these programs facilitate the private placement of unsecured short-term debt through third-party brokers. we intend to use the net proceeds from the commercial paper borrowings for acquisitions and general corporate purposes. the total combined borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs should not exceed $4.0 billion. at december 31, 2023, we had $1.5 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced our available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to $2.5 billion. see note 13, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in september 2023, we entered into a series of interest rate swaps with a total notional value of $500 million in order to trade a portion of the floating rate into a fixed rate on our term loan, due in 2025. the maturity date of the interest rate swaps is august 1, 2025. we designated the swaps as cash flow hedges. the gains and losses on these derivative instruments are initially recorded in other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings as interest expense in the consolidated financial statements as each interest payment is accrued.
in 2021, we entered into a series of interest rate swaps to effectively convert our $500 million senior notes, due in 2025, from a fixed rate of 0.75 percent to a floating rate equal to the three-month libor plus a spread. we also entered into a series of interest rate swaps to effectively convert $765 million of our $850 million senior notes, due in 2030, from a fixed rate of 1.50 percent to a floating rate equal to the three-month libor plus a spread. the fallback protocol in our derivative agreements allowed for a transition from libor to secured overnight financing rate (sofr) in 2023. the swaps were designated, and are accounted for, as fair value hedges. in march 2023, we settled a portion of our 2021 interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $100 million. the $7 million loss on settlement will be amortized over the remaining term of the related debt.
in 2019, we entered into $350 million of interest rate lock agreements, and in 2020 we entered into an additional $150 million of lock agreements to reduce the variability of the cash flows of the interest payments on a total of $500 million of fixed rate debt originally forecast to be issued in 2023 to replace our senior notes at maturity. in 2022, we settled certain rate lock agreements with notional amounts totaling $150 million for $49 million in cash. in 2023, we settled all remaining rate lock agreements with notional amounts totaling $350 million for $101 million. the majority of the $150 million of gains on settlements will remain in other comprehensive income and will be amortized over the term of the debt anticipated to be issued in early 2024.
on february 15, 2023, certain of our subsidiaries entered into an amendment to the $1.0 billion credit agreement (credit agreement), consisting of a $400 million revolving credit facility and a $600 million term loan facility, in anticipation of the separation of our filtration business, extending the credit agreement termination date from march 30, 2023, to june 30, 2023. on may 26, 2023, atmus drew down the entire $600 million term loan facility and borrowed $50 million under the revolving credit facility for use as partial consideration for the filtration business. borrowings under the credit agreement mature in september 2027 (with quarterly payments on the term loan beginning in september 2024) and bear interest at varying rates, depending on the type of loan and, in some cases, the rates of designated benchmarks and the applicable borrower's election. generally, u.s. dollar-denominated loans bear interest at adjusted-term sofr (which includes a 0.10 percent credit spread adjustment to term sofr) for the applicable interest period plus a rate ranging from 1.125 percent to 1.75 percent. the credit agreement contains customary events of default and financial and other covenants, including maintaining a net leverage ratio of 4.0 to 1.0 and a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. at december 31, 2023, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and $600 million outstanding under the term loan facility.
as a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration for an undetermined amount of debt and equity securities with the sec on february 8, 2022. under this shelf registration we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units.
supply chain financing we currently have supply chain financing programs with financial intermediaries, which provide certain vendors the option to be paid by financial intermediaries earlier than the due date on the applicable invoice. when a vendor utilizes the program and receives an early payment from a financial intermediary, they take a discount on the invoice. we then pay the financial intermediary the face amount of the invoice on the original due date, which generally have 60 to 90 day payment terms. the maximum amount that we could have outstanding under the program was $512 million at december 31, 2023. we do not reimburse vendors for any costs they incur for participation in the program, their participation is completely voluntary and there are no assets pledged as security or other forms of guarantees provided for the committed payment to the finance provider or intermediary. as a result, all amounts owed to the financial intermediaries are presented as accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. amounts due to the financial intermediaries reflected in accounts payable at december 31, 2023, were $199 million. see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies" to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
uses of cash agreement in principle in december 2023, we announced that we reached the agreement in principle with the epa, carb, doj and ca ag to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the u.s. as part of the agreement in principle, among other things, we agreed to pay civil penalties, complete recall requirements, undertake mitigation projects, provide extended warranties, undertake certain testing, take certain corporate compliance measures and make certain payments. failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the agreement in principle will subject us to further stipulated penalties. we recorded a charge of $2.036 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve the matters addressed by the agreement in principle involving approximately one million of our pick-up truck applications in the u.s. this charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of $59 million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 titan trucks. of this amount, $1.938 billion relates to payments that are expected to be made in 2024. see note 2, "agreement in principle," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
dividends total dividends paid to common shareholders in 2023, 2022 and 2021 were $921 million, $855 million and $809 million, respectively. declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by the board, who meets quarterly to consider our dividend payment. we expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations.
capital expenditures capital expenditures were $1.2 billion, $916 million and $734 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. we continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. we plan to spend an estimated $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion in 2024 on capital expenditures with over 65 percent of these expenditures expected to be invested in north america.
acquisitions acquisitions for the year ended december 31, 2023, were as follows:
entity acquired (dollars in millions)                                                 date of acquisition                                 additional percent interest acquired                                payments to former owners                                 acquisition related debt retirements                                total purchase consideration cummins france sa                                                                                10/31/23                                                                 100%                                           $25                                                               $5                                                            $30
(2) hydrogenics entered into three non-interest-bearing promissory notes with $175 million paid on july 31, 2023, and the remaining $160 million due in three installments through 2025.
see note 24, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
current maturities of short and long-term debt we had $1.5 billion of commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2023, that matures in less than one year. the maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt requires significant cash outflows in 2025 when our term loan and 0.75 percent senior notes are due. required annual long-term debt principal payments range from $67 million to $1.8 billion over the next five years. we intend to retain our strong investment credit ratings. see note 13, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
pensions our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 113 percent funded at december 31, 2023. our u.s. defined benefit plans (qualified and non-qualified), which represented approximately 69 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, were 113 percent funded, and our u.k. defined benefit plans were 113 percent funded at december 31, 2023. the funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. in 2023, the investment gain on our u.s. pension trusts was 6.81 percent, while our u.k. pension trusts' loss was 4.37 percent. to better hedge its liabilities, our u.k. pension plan sold a substantial portion of its private markets assets at a discount, which detracted from the investment performance.
we sponsor funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans. contributions to the u.s. and u.k. plans were as follows:
defined benefit pension contributions                                   $115                     $53                  $78
we anticipate making total contributions of approximately $67 million to our global defined benefit pension plans in 2024. expected contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2024 will meet or exceed the current funding requirements.
stock repurchases in december 2021, the board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the $2.0 billion repurchase plan authorized in 2019. for the year ended december 31, 2023, we did not make any repurchases of common stock. the dollar value remaining available for future purchases under the 2019 program at december 31, 2023, was $218 million.
future uses of cash a summary of our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at december 31, 2023, are as follows:
capital expenditures                                                                            562                                                     -
purchase commitments for inventory                                                            1,190                                                     4
other purchase commitments                                                                      620                                                   299
transitional tax liability                                                                       82                                                   103
other postretirement benefits                                                                    20                                                   123
international and other domestic letters of credit                                               76                                                    48
guarantees and other commitments                                                                 29                                                    27
the contractual obligations reported above exclude our unrecognized tax benefits of $330 million as of december 31, 2023, which includes $170 million of current tax liabilities and $160 million of long-term deferred tax liabilities. we are not able to reasonably estimate the period in which cash outflows relating to uncertain tax contingencies could occur. see note 5, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
credit ratings our rating and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below:
long-term                                                                                                                                                                                                   short-term credit rating agency (1)                                                                              senior debt rating                                                                                                                                                                                          debt rating                                        outlook standard &amp; poor's rating services                                                                 a                                                                                                                                                                                                           a1                                                 stable moody's investors service, inc.                                                                       a2                                                                                                                                                                                                          p1                                                 stable
(1) credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. in addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
management's assessment of liquidity our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. we believe our access to capital markets, our existing cash and marketable securities, operating cash flow and revolving credit facilities provide us with the financial flexibility needed to make payments required by the agreement in principle, targeted capital expenditures, dividend payments, debt service obligations, projected pension obligations, common stock repurchases and fund acquisitions through 2024 and beyond. we continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs as noted above.
we anticipate making $1.938 billion of the payments required by the agreement in principle during 2024 through the use of our existing liquidity and access to debt markets.
application of critical accounting estimates a summary of our significant accounting policies is included in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of our consolidated financial statements which discusses accounting policies that we selected from acceptable alternatives.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. which often requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. in any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the audit committee of the board. we believe our critical accounting estimates include estimating liabilities for warranty programs, fair value of intangible assets, assessing goodwill impairments, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits.
warranty programs we estimate and record a liability for base warranty programs at the time our products are sold. our estimates are based on historical experience and reflect management's best estimates of costs to be incurred over the warranty period. adjustments may be required to the liability when actual or projected costs differ. variations in component failure rates, repair costs and the point of failure within the product life cycle are key drivers that impact our periodic re-assessment of the warranty liability. future events and circumstances related to these factors could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to our liability. new product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. we generally estimate warranty accruals for new products using a methodology that includes the preceding product's warranty history and a multiplicative factor derived from prior product launch experience and new product assessments until sufficient new product data is available for warranty estimation. we then use a blend of actual new product experience and preceding product historical experience for several subsequent quarters and new product specific experience thereafter. product specific experience is typically available five or six quarters after product launch, with a clear experience trend evident eight quarters after launch. as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when management commits to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable. note 14, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for 2023, 2022 and 2021 including adjustments to pre-existing warranties.
fair value of intangible assets we make strategic acquisitions that may have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their estimated fair values. the determination of the fair value of intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of the purchase price in many of our acquisitions can be complex and requires the use of significant judgment with regard to (i) the fair value and (ii) the period and the method by which the intangible asset will be amortized. we use information available to us to make fair value determinations and engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired intangibles. we estimate the fair value of acquisition-related intangible assets principally based on projections of cash flows that will arise from identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses, which includes estimates of discount rates, revenue growth rates, ebitda, royalty rates, customer attrition rates, customer renewal rates and technology obsolesce rates. the projected cash flows are discounted to determine the present value of the assets at the dates of acquisition. although we believe the projections, assumptions and estimates made were reasonable and appropriate, these estimates require significant judgment by management, are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. any adjustments subsequent to the measurement period are recorded to our consolidated statements of income. see note 24, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about our recent business combinations.
goodwill impairment we are required to make certain subjective and complex judgments in assessing whether a goodwill impairment event has occurred, including assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of our reporting units. we test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level and our reporting units are the operating segments or the components of operating segments that constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by management.
we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform an annual quantitative goodwill impairment test. we have elected this option on certain reporting units. the following events and circumstances are considered when evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount:
•macroeconomic conditions, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and/or other developments in equity and credit markets;
•industry and market considerations, such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, material loss in market share and significant declines in product pricing;
•other relevant entity-specific events, such as material changes in management or key personnel and
•events affecting a reporting unit, such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of its net assets including acquisitions and dispositions.
the examples noted above are not all-inclusive, and we consider other relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value of a reporting unit in determining whether to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
our goodwill recoverability assessment is based on our annual strategic planning process. this process includes an extensive review of expectations for the long-term growth of our businesses and forecasted future cash flows. in order to determine the valuation of our reporting units, we use either the market approach or the income approach using a discounted cash flow model. our income approach method uses a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate of return. our estimates are based upon our historical experience, our current knowledge from our commercial relationships and available external information about future trends.
the discounted cash flow model requires us to make projections of revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, working capital investment and fixed asset additions for the reporting units over a multi-year period. additionally, management must estimate a weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects a market rate, for each reporting unit for use as a discount rate. the discounted cash flows are compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit and, if less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as a goodwill impairment loss. in addition, we also perform sensitivity analyses to determine how much our forecasts can fluctuate before the fair value of a reporting unit would be lower than its carrying amount. future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in our goodwill impairment testing, including discount rates or future operating results and related cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values in the future. an increase in discount rates, a reduction in projected cash flows or a combination of the two could lead to a reduction in the estimated fair values, which may result in impairment charges that could materially affect our financial statements in any given year. we perform the goodwill impairment assessment as of the end of our fiscal third quarter.
while none of our reporting units recorded a goodwill impairment in 2023, we have two reporting units with material goodwill balances where the estimated fair value does not significantly exceed the carrying value, both of which are in our components segment. our automated transmissions reporting unit (consisting solely of our joint venture with eaton) has an estimated fair value that exceeds its carrying amount of $1.1 billion by approximately 7 percent. total goodwill in this reporting unit is $544 million at december 31, 2023. we valued this reporting unit using an income approach based on its expected future cash flows. the critical assumptions that factored into the valuation are the projections of revenue and gross margin of the business as well as the discount rate used to present value these future cash flows. a 50 basis point increase in the discount rate would result in a 5 percent decline in the fair value of the reporting unit. our axles and brakes reporting unit, which consists of the legacy business acquired from meritor in august 2022, has an estimated fair value that exceeds its carrying amount of $4.2 billion by approximately 12 percent. total goodwill in this reporting unit is $764 million at december 31, 2023. we valued this reporting unit using an income approach based on future cash flows. the critical assumptions that factored into the valuation are the projections of revenue and gross margin of the business as well as the discount rate used to present value these future cash flows. a 50 basis point increase in the discount rate would result in a 5 percent decline in the fair value of the reporting unit.
accounting for income taxes we determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. future tax benefits of net operating loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2023, we recorded a net deferred tax asset of $552 million. the net deferred tax assets included $881 million for the value of net operating loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $789 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets.
in addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions. we believe we made adequate provisions for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. a more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our net operating loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in note 5, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements.
pension benefits we sponsor a number of pension plans globally, with the majority of assets in the u.s. and the u.k. in the u.s. and the u.k., we have major defined benefit plans that are separately funded. we account for our pension programs in accordance with employers' accounting for defined benefit pension plans, which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined using an actuarial basis. as a result, our pension benefit programs are based on a number of statistical and judgmental assumptions that attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans each year at december 31. these assumptions include discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, future compensation increases, inflation, employee turnover rates, actuarial assumptions relating to retirement age, mortality rates and participant withdrawals. the actuarial assumptions we use may differ significantly from actual results due to changing economic conditions, participant life span and withdrawal rates. these differences may result in a material impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the future.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is used in calculating the net periodic pension cost. we considered several factors in developing our expected rate of return on plan assets. the long-term rate of return considers historical returns and expected returns on current and projected asset allocations. projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded passive fixed income and equity indices and forward-looking estimates of the value added by active investment management. at december 31, 2023, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.s. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 30-year projection period equal to or in excess of 7 percent, including the additional positive returns expected from active investment management.
the one-year return for our u.s. plans was a 6.81 percent gain for 2023. our u.s. plan assets averaged annualized returns of 6.50 percent over the prior ten years and resulted in approximately $223 million of actuarial losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss (aocl) in the same period. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations for capital markets, as plan assets continue to be de-risked, consistent with our investment policy, we believe our investment return assumption of 7.25 percent in 2024 for u.s. pension assets is reasonable and attainable.
the methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the u.k. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations. at december 31, 2023, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.k. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 20-year projection period equal to or in excess of 5 percent. the one-year return for our u.k. plans was a 4.37 percent loss for 2023. we generated average annualized returns of 1.25 percent over ten years, resulting in approximately $532 million of actuarial losses in aocl. our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations, we believe that an investment return assumption of 5.00 percent in 2024 for u.k. pension assets is reasonable and attainable.
liability matching                                                                       71.0           %                                                        71.0           %                                                        70.0           %                                                        80.0           %                                                        80.8           %                                                        48.0           %
(1) pension plan assets allocations for 2022 exclude meritor. the meritor u.s. plan asset allocations at december 31, 2022, were 100 percent risk seeking. the meritor u.k. plan asset allocations at december 31, 2022, were 70 percent liability matching and 30 percent risk seeking. see note 24, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
pension accounting offers various acceptable alternatives to account for the differences that eventually arise between the estimates used in the actuarial valuations and the actual results. it is acceptable to delay or immediately recognize these differences. under the delayed recognition alternative, changes in pension obligations (including those resulting from plan amendments) and changes in the value of assets set aside to meet those obligations are not recognized in net periodic pension cost as they occur but are recognized initially in aocl and subsequently amortized as components of net periodic pension cost systematically and gradually over future periods. in addition to this approach, we may also adopt immediate recognition of actuarial gains or losses. immediate recognition introduces volatility in financial results. we have chosen to delay recognition and amortize actuarial differences over future periods. if we adopted the immediate recognition approach, we would record a loss of $1.1 billion ($0.8 billion after-tax) from cumulative actuarial net losses for our u.s. and u.k. pension plans.
the difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred from recognition in our results of operations and under certain circumstances, such as when the difference exceeds 10 percent of the greater of the market value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation, the difference is amortized over future years of service. this is also true of changes to actuarial assumptions. under the delayed recognition alternative, the actuarial gains and losses are recognized and recorded in aocl. as our losses related to the u.s. and u.k. pension plans exceed 10 percent of their respective plan assets, the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of participating employees. net actuarial losses decreased our shareholders' equity by $329 million after-tax in 2023. the loss is primarily due to unfavorable asset returns, partially offset by higher discount rates.
we expect 2024 net periodic pension cost to increase compared to 2023, primarily due to unfavorable asset returns in the u.k., lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k. and increased headcount from recent acquisitions, partially offset by a higher expected rate of return on assets in the u.s. the decrease in net periodic pension cost in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to the full year benefit of the meritor pension plans added during the acquisition and a higher estimated return on assets in the u.s. and u.k. the decrease in net periodic pension cost in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to higher discount rates in the u.s. and u.k. and favorable actuarial experience in the u.s., partially offset by a lower expected rate of return in the u.k.
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. the guidelines for setting this rate suggest the use of a high-quality corporate bond rate. we used bond information provided by moody's investor services, inc. and standard & poor's rating services. all bonds used to develop our hypothetical portfolio in the u.s. and u.k. were deemed high-quality, non-callable bonds (aa or better) at december 31, 2023, by at least one of the bond rating agencies.
our model called for projected payments until near extinction for the u.s. and the u.k. for both countries, our model matches the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments to the market value of the theoretical settlement bond portfolio. a single equivalent discount rate is determined to align the present value of the required cash flow with the value of the bond portfolio. the resulting discount rate is reflective of both the current interest rate environment and the plan's distinct liability characteristics.
discount rate used to value liabilities
the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time. a higher discount rate decreases the plan obligations and decreases our net periodic pension cost. a lower discount rate increases the plan obligations and increases our net periodic pension cost. it should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. note 11, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to our consolidated financial statements provides a summary of our pension benefit plan activity, the funded status of our plans and the amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements.
recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies" to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.