item 1a.  risk factors.
there are risks associated with an investment in our securities. please consider the following risks and all of the other information in this annual report on form 10-k and in our subsequent filings with the securities and exchange commission ("sec"). our business may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial. if any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur or other risks arise or develop, our business, which includes our prospects, financial condition and results of operations, the trading prices of our securities and our reputation, may be adversely affected.
risks related to our business and our industry the beauty business is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively our results will suffer.
we face vigorous competition from companies throughout the world, including multinational consumer product companies. some competitors have greater resources than we do, others are newer companies (some backed by private-equity investors), and some are competing in distribution channels where we are less represented. in some cases, we may not be able to respond to changing business and economic conditions as quickly as our competitors. competition in the beauty business is based on a variety of factors including pricing of products, innovation, perceived value, service to the consumer, promotional activities, advertising, special events, new product introductions, e-commerce and m-commerce initiatives and other activities. it is difficult for us to predict the timing and scale of our competitors' actions in these areas.
our ability to compete also depends on the continued strength of our brands, our ability to attract and retain key talent and other personnel, the efficiency of our manufacturing facilities and distribution network, and our ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property and those other rights used in our business. our company has a well-recognized and strong reputation that could be negatively impacted by social media and many other factors. if our reputation is adversely affected, our ability to attract and retain customers, consumers and employees could be impacted. in addition, certain of our key retailers around the world market and sell competing brands or are owned or otherwise affiliated with companies that market and sell competing brands. our inability to continue to compete effectively in key countries around the world (e.g., china) could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our inability to anticipate and respond to market trends and changes in consumer preferences could adversely affect our financial results.
our continued success depends on our ability to anticipate, gauge and react in a timely and cost-effective manner to changes in consumer preferences for skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products, attitudes toward our industry and brands, as well as to where and how consumers shop. we must continually work to develop, manufacture and market new products, maintain and adapt our "high-touch" services to existing and emerging distribution channels, maintain and enhance the recognition of our brands, achieve a favorable mix of products, successfully manage our inventories, and modernize and refine our approach as to how and where we market and sell our products. we recognize that consumer preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and can change rapidly, driven by the use of digital and social media by consumers and the speed by which information and opinions are shared. if we are unable to anticipate and respond to challenges that we may face in the marketplace, trends in the market for our products and changing consumer demands and sentiment, our financial results will suffer. in addition, from time to time, sales growth or profitability may be concentrated in a relatively small number of our brands, channels or countries (e.g., china). if such a situation persists or one or more brands, channels or countries fails to perform as expected, there could be a material adverse effect on our business.
in certain key markets, such as the united states, we have seen a longer-term decline in retail traffic in our department store customers. consolidation or liquidation in the retail trade, from these or other factors, may result in us becoming increasingly dependent on key retailers and could result in an increased risk related to the concentration of our customers. a severe, adverse impact on the business operations of our customers could have a corresponding material adverse effect on us. if one or more of our largest customers change their strategies (including pricing or promotional activities), enter bankruptcy (or similar proceedings) or if our relationship with any large customer is changed or terminated for any reason, there could be a material adverse effect on our business.
our future success depends, in part, on our ability to achieve our long-term strategy.
achieving our long-term strategy will require investment in new capabilities, brands, categories, distribution channels, supply chain facilities, technologies and emerging and more mature geographic markets (e.g., china). these investments may result in short-term costs without any current sales and, therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings. in addition, we may dispose of or discontinue select brands or streamline operations and incur costs or restructuring and other charges in doing so. although we believe that our strategy will lead to long-term growth in sales and profitability, we may not realize the anticipated benefits. the failure to realize benefits, which may be due to our inability to execute plans, global or local economic conditions, competition, changes in the beauty industry and the other risks described herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
acquisitions and divestitures may expose us to additional risks.
we continuously review acquisition and strategic investment opportunities that would expand our current product offerings, our distribution channels, increase the size and geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer growth and operating efficiency opportunities. in addition, we periodically review our brand portfolio, and our strategy includes potential divestitures of certain brands as we rationalize product offerings. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify these strategic actions and consummate such transactions on favorable terms.
acquisitions including strategic investments or alliances entail numerous risks, which may include: (i) difficulties in integrating acquired operations or products, including the loss of key employees from, or customers, consumers or suppliers of, acquired businesses; (ii) diversion of management's attention from our existing businesses; (iii) adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers, customers and consumers of ours or the companies in which we invest; (iv) adverse impacts of margin and product cost structures different from those of our current mix of business; (v) reputational risks associated with the activities of the businesses that we acquire or in which we invest; and (vi) risks of entering distribution channels, categories or markets in which we have limited or no prior experience.
if required, the financing for these transactions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our stockholders or both. the purchase price for some acquisitions may include additional amounts to be paid in cash in the future, a portion of which may be contingent on the achievement of certain future operating results of the acquired business. if the performance of any such acquired business exceeds such operating results, then we may incur additional charges and be required to pay additional amounts.
completed acquisitions typically result in additional goodwill and/or an increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet. we are required at least annually, or as facts and circumstances exist, to test goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives to determine if impairment has occurred. we cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of assets. should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, there could be a material adverse effect on our business.
our failure to achieve the long-term plan for acquired businesses, as well as any other adverse consequences associated with our acquisition, divestiture and investment activities, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our business could be negatively impacted by social impact and sustainability matters.
there is an increased focus from certain investors, customers, consumers, regulators, employees, and other stakeholders concerning social impact and sustainability and other esg matters. from time to time, we announce certain initiatives, including goals and commitments, regarding our focus areas, which include environmental and climate matters; packaging; sourcing; product formulation; social investments; and inclusion, diversity and equity. we could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives, or in accurately reporting our progress on such initiatives. such failures could be due to changes in our business (e.g., shifts in business among distribution channels or acquisitions). moreover, the standards by which esg efforts and related matters are measured are developing and evolving, and certain areas are subject to assumptions that could change over time. in addition, we could be criticized for the scope of our initiatives or goals or perceived as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters. any such matters, or related esg matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
a general economic downturn, or disruption in business conditions may affect our business including consumer purchases of discretionary items and/or the financial strength of our customers that are retailers, which could adversely affect our financial results.
the general level of consumer spending is affected by a number of factors, including general economic conditions, inflation, interest rates, energy costs, and consumer confidence generally, all of which are beyond our control. consumer purchases of discretionary items tend to decline during recessionary periods, when disposable income is lower, and may impact sales of our products. a decline in consumer purchases of discretionary items also tends to impact our customers that are retailers. we generally extend credit to a retailer based on an evaluation of its financial condition, usually without requiring collateral. however, the financial difficulties of a retailer could cause us to curtail or eliminate business with that customer. we may also assume more credit risk relating to the receivables from that retailer. in the event of a retailer liquidation, we may incur additional costs if we choose to purchase the retailer's inventory of our products to protect brand equity. our inability to collect receivables from our largest customers or from a group of customers could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in addition, disruptions in local or global business conditions, for example, from events such as a pandemic or other health issues, geo-political or local conflicts, civil unrest, terrorist attacks, adverse weather conditions, climate changes or seismic events, can have a short-term and, sometimes, long-term impact on consumer spending.
events that impact consumers' willingness or ability to travel or purchase our products while traveling may impact our business, including travel retail, a significant contributor to our overall results, and our strategy to market and sell products to international travelers at their destinations.
a downturn in the economies of, or continuing recessions in, the countries where we sell our products or a disruption of business conditions in those countries could adversely affect consumer confidence, the financial strength of our retailers and our sales and profitability. we are also cautious of foreign currency movements, including their impact on tourism. additionally, we continue to monitor the effects of the global macroeconomic environment; social, political and human rights issues; regulatory matters, including the imposition of tariffs or sanctions; geopolitical tensions; and global security issues.
volatility in the financial markets and a related economic downturn in key markets or markets generally throughout the world could have a material adverse effect on our business. while we typically generate significant cash flows from our ongoing operations and have access to global credit markets through our various financing activities, credit markets may experience significant disruptions. deterioration in global financial markets or an adverse change in our credit ratings could make future financing difficult or more expensive. if any financial institutions that are parties to our revolving credit facility or other financing arrangements, such as foreign exchange or interest rate hedging instruments, were to declare bankruptcy or become insolvent, they may be unable to perform under their agreements with us. this could leave us with reduced borrowing capacity or unhedged against certain foreign currency or interest rate exposures which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our success depends, in part, on the quality, efficacy and safety of our products.
our success depends, in part, on the quality, efficacy and safety of our products. if our products are found to be defective or unsafe, our product claims are found to be deceptive, or our products otherwise fail to meet our consumers' expectations, our relationships with customers or consumers could suffer, the appeal of our brands could be diminished, and we could lose sales and become subject to liability or claims, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, counterfeit versions of some of our products may be sold by third parties, which may pose safety risks, may fail to meet consumers' expectations, and may have a negative impact on our business.
our success depends, in part, on our key personnel.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to retain our key personnel, including our executive officers and senior management team. the unexpected loss of, or misconduct by, one or more of our key employees could adversely affect our business. our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain personnel across all levels of our business. competition for employees can be intense. we may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain necessary personnel in the future, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. this risk may be exacerbated by the stresses associated with the implementation of our strategic plan and other initiatives, as well as by market conditions.
we operate on a global basis, with a substantial majority of our fiscal 2023 net sales and operating income generated outside the united states. we maintain offices in over 50 countries and have key operational facilities located inside and outside the united states that manufacture, warehouse or distribute goods for sale throughout the world. our global operations are subject to many risks and uncertainties, including: (i) fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and the relative costs of operating in different places, which can affect our results of operations, the value of our foreign assets, the relative prices at which we and competitors sell products in the same markets, the cost of certain inventory and non-inventory items required in our operations, and the relative prices at which we sell our products in different markets; (ii) foreign or u.s. laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, immigration and travel, operations, and investments; currency exchange controls; restrictions on imports and exports, including license requirements; tariffs; sanctions; and taxes; (iii) lack of well-established or reliable legal and administrative systems in certain countries in which we operate; (iv) adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; (v) concentration of sales growth or profitability in one or more countries (e.g., china); and (vi) social, economic and geopolitical conditions, such as a pandemic, terrorist attack, war or other military action. these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business.
a disruption in our operations, including supply chain, could adversely affect our business.
as a company engaged in manufacturing and distribution on a global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities. such risks include industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, capacity constraints, disruptions in ingredient, material or packaging supply, as well as global shortages, disruptions in supply chain or information technology, loss or impairment of key manufacturing or distribution sites or suppliers, product quality control, safety, increase in commodity prices and energy costs, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters, outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins and other events or external factors over which we have no control. if such an event were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we use a wide variety of direct and indirect suppliers of goods and services from around the world. some of our products rely on a single or a limited number of suppliers. changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers could subject us to losses or adversely affect our ability to bring products to market. further, the failure of our suppliers to deliver goods and services in sufficient quantities, in compliance with applicable standards, and in a timely manner could adversely affect our customer service levels and overall business. in addition, any increases in the costs of goods and services for our business may adversely affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass along any higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies in our operations.
as we outsource functions, we become more dependent on the entities performing those functions.
as part of our long-term strategy, we are continually looking for opportunities to provide essential business services in a more cost-effective manner. in some cases, this requires the outsourcing of functions or parts of functions that can be performed more effectively by external service providers. these include certain information technology, supply chain, finance and human resource functions. the failure of one or more such providers to deliver the expected services, provide them on a timely basis or to provide them at the prices we expect may have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, when we transition external service providers, we may experience challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters changes in laws, regulations and policies that affect our business could adversely affect our financial results.
our business is subject to numerous laws, regulations and policies around the world. changes in these laws, regulations and policies, including the interpretation or enforcement thereof, that affect our business could adversely affect our financial results. these changes include accounting standards, as well as laws and regulations relating to tax matters, trade (including sanctions), data privacy (e.g., general data protection regulation (gdpr)), cybersecurity, anti-corruption, advertising, marketing, manufacturing, distribution, customs matters, product registration, ingredients, chemicals, packaging, selective distribution, and environmental or climate change matters.
disputes and other legal or regulatory proceedings could adversely affect our financial results.
we are, and may in the future become, party to litigation, other disputes or regulatory proceedings across a wide range of matters, including ones relating to product liability matters (including asbestos-related claims), advertising, regulatory, employment, intellectual property, real estate, environmental, trade relations, tax and privacy. in general, claims made by us or against us in litigation, disputes or other proceedings can be expensive and time consuming and could result in settlements, injunctions or damages that could significantly affect our business. it is not possible to predict the final resolution of the litigation, disputes or proceedings to which we currently are or may in the future become party to, and the impact of certain of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business.
government reviews, inquiries, investigations and actions could harm our business.
as we operate in various locations around the world, our operations are subject to governmental scrutiny and may be adversely impacted by the results of such scrutiny. the regulatory environment with regard to our business is evolving, and officials often exercise broad discretion in deciding how to interpret and apply applicable regulations. from time to time, we may receive formal and informal inquiries from various government regulatory authorities, as well as self-regulatory organizations, about our business and compliance with local laws, regulations or standards. any determination that our operations or activities, or the activities of our employees, are not in compliance with existing laws, regulations or standards could negatively impact us in a number of ways, including the imposition of substantial fines, interruptions of business, loss of supplier, vendor or other third-party relationships, termination of necessary licenses and permits, or similar results, all of which could potentially harm our business. regardless of the outcomes, these reviews, inquiries, investigations and actions could create negative publicity which could harm our business.
risks related to technology and cybersecurity matters the compromise or interruption of, or damage to, our information technology (including our operational technology and websites) by cybersecurity incidents, data security breaches, other security problems, design defects or system failures could have a material negative impact on our business.
we rely on information technology that supports our business processes, including research and development, product development, production, distribution, marketing, sales, order processing, consumer experiences, human resource management, finance and internal and external communications throughout the world. we have e-commerce, m-commerce and other internet websites in the united states and many other countries.
we experience cybersecurity incidents of varying degrees on our information technology and, as a result, unauthorized parties have obtained in the past, and may obtain in the future, access to our systems and data (including unauthorized acquisition of such data). as we disclosed on july 18, 2023, and as noted in part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, an unauthorized third party gained access to some of our systems and data (including unauthorized acquisition of such data), which caused disruption to parts of our business operations and resulted in various expenses for investigation, remediation and other related matters.
cybersecurity incidents at our company have in the past resulted from, and may in the future result from, social engineering or impersonation of authorized users, and may also result from efforts to discover and exploit design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities or security weaknesses, intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism or fraud by third parties and sabotage. in some instances, efforts to correct vulnerabilities or prevent incidents have in the past and may in the future reduce the functionality or performance of our information technology, which could negatively impact our business. cybersecurity incidents can be caused by ransomware, distributed denial-of-service attacks, worms, and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including the covert introduction of malware to our information technology, and the use of techniques or processes that change frequently, may be disguised or difficult to detect, or are designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, and may continue undetected for an extended period of time. in addition, some of our suppliers, vendors, service providers, cloud solution providers and customers have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, such incidents, which could in turn disrupt our business. insurance policies that may provide coverage with regard to such events may not cover any or all of the resulting financial losses.
as part of our normal business activities, we collect and store certain information that is confidential, proprietary or otherwise sensitive, including personal information of consumers, customers, suppliers, service providers and employees. we share some of this information with certain third parties who assist us with business matters. moreover, the success of our operations depends upon the secure transmission of confidential, proprietary or otherwise sensitive data, including personal information, over networks. any unauthorized access or data acquisition, despite security measures in place to protect such data, or other failure on the part of us or third parties to maintain the security of such data could result in business disruption, damage to our reputation, financial obligations to third parties, legal obligations, fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings and private litigation with potentially large costs, and also could result in deterioration in confidence in our company and other competitive disadvantages, and thus could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in addition, a cybersecurity incident could require that we expend significant additional resources on remediation, restoration and enhancement of our information technology.
risks related to our securities and our ownership structure the trading prices of our securities periodically may rise or fall based on the accuracy of predictions of our financial performance.
our business planning process is designed to maximize our long-term strength, growth and profitability, not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. we believe that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of the company and our stockholders. at the same time, however, we recognize that it may be helpful to provide investors with guidance as to our expectations regarding certain aspects of our business. this could include forecasts of net sales, earnings per share and other financial metrics or projections. we assume no responsibility to provide or update guidance, and any longer-term guidance we may provide is based on goals that we believe, at the time guidance is given, are reasonably attainable for growth and performance over a number of years. we historically have paid dividends on our common stock and repurchased shares of our class a common stock; however, at times we have suspended the declaration of dividends and/or the repurchase of our class a common stock. going forward, at any time, we could stop, suspend or change the amounts of dividends or stop or suspend our stock repurchase program, and any such action could cause the market price of our stock to decline.
in all of our public statements when we make, or update, a forward-looking statement about our business, whether it be about net sales or earnings expectations or expectations regarding restructuring or other initiatives, or otherwise, we accompany such statements directly, or by reference to a public document, with a list of factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those we expect. such a list is included, among other places, in our earnings press release and in our periodic filings with the sec (e.g., in our reports on form 10-k and form 10-q). these and other factors may make it difficult for us and for outside observers, such as research analysts, to predict what our earnings or other financial metrics, or business outcomes, will be in any given fiscal quarter or year.
outside analysts and investors have the right to make their own predictions of our business for any future period. outside analysts, however, have access to no more material information about our results or plans than any other public investor, and we do not endorse their predictions as to our future performance. nor do we assume any responsibility to correct the predictions of outside analysts or others when they differ from our own internal expectations. if our actual results differ from those that outside analysts or others have been predicting, the market price of our securities could be affected. investors who rely on the predictions of outside analysts or others when making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own risk. we take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such changes in the prices of our securities.
we are controlled by the lauder family. as a result, the lauder family has the ability to prevent or cause a change in control or approve, prevent or influence certain actions by us.
as of august 11, 2023, members of the lauder family beneficially own, directly or indirectly, shares of the company's class a common stock (with one vote per share) and class b common stock (with 10 votes per share) having approximately 84% of the outstanding voting power of the common stock. in addition, there are four members of the lauder family who are company employees and members of our board of directors.
as a result of their stock ownership and positions at the company, as well as our dual-class structure, the lauder family has the ability to exercise significant control and influence over our business, including all matters requiring stockholder approval (e.g., the election of directors, amendments to the certificate of incorporation, and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets) for the foreseeable future. in addition, if significant stock indices decide to prohibit the inclusion of companies with dual-class stock structures, the price of our class a common stock could be negatively impacted and could become more volatile.
we are a "controlled company" within the meaning of the new york stock exchange rules and, as a result, are relying on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that are designed to provide protection to stockholders of companies that are not "controlled companies."
the lauder family and their related entities own more than 50% of the total voting power of our common shares and, as a result, we are a "controlled company" under the new york stock exchange corporate governance standards. as a controlled company, we are exempt under the new york stock exchange standards from the obligation to comply with certain new york stock exchange corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that (1) a majority of our board of directors consists of independent directors; (2) we have a nominating committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities; and (3) we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities.
while we have voluntarily caused our board to have a majority of independent directors and the written charters of our nominating and esg committee and compensation committee to have the required provisions, we are not requiring our nominating and esg committee and compensation committee to be comprised solely of independent directors. as a result of our use of the "controlled company" exemptions, investors will not have the same protection afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the new york stock exchange corporate governance requirements.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
results of operations we manufacture, market and sell beauty products including those in the skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care categories, which are distributed in approximately 150 countries and territories. the following table is a comparative summary of operating results for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 and reflects the basis of presentation described in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies and note 22 - segment data and related information for all periods presented. products and services that do not meet our definition of skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care have been included in the "other" category.
returns associated with restructuring and other activities                      (27)                         (4)                        (14)
returns associated with restructuring and other activities                      (27)                         (4)                        (14)
charges associated with restructuring and other activities                      (85)                       (144)                       (228)
charges associated with restructuring and other activities                      (85)                       (144)                       (228)
(1)the net sales from the company's travel retail business are included in the europe, the middle east & africa region, with the exception of net sales of dr.jart+ in the travel retail channel that are reflected in korea in the asia/pacific region. operating income attributable to the travel retail sales included in europe, the middle east & africa is included in that region and in the americas.
the following table presents certain consolidated earnings data as a percentage of net sales:
gross profit                                                                                 71.3                      75.7                      76.4
restructuring and other charges                                                               0.3                       0.8                       1.3
impairment of other intangible and long-lived assets                                          1.3                       1.4                       0.8
interest income and investment income, net                                                    0.8                       0.2                       0.3
other components of net periodic benefit cost                                               (0.1)                         -                       0.1
earnings before income taxes                                                                  8.8                      17.1                      20.5
provision for income taxes                                                                    2.4                       3.5                       2.8
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                                           -                         -                     (0.1)
net loss (earnings) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest                          -                     (0.1)                         -
not adjusted for differences caused by rounding period-over-period changes in our net sales are generally attributable to the impacts from (i) pricing on our base portfolio, including changes in mix and those due to strategic pricing actions, (ii) volume, including changes driven by the impact of new product innovation, (iii) acquisitions and/or divestitures, and/or (iv) foreign currency translation. the percentages disclosed for these impacts are calculated on an individual basis.
the net sales impact from pricing consists of changes in list prices, due to strategic pricing actions, and mix shifts within and among product categories, geographic regions, brands and distribution channels. the prices at which we sell our products vary by brand, distribution channel (e.g., wholesale or direct-to-consumer) and may also vary by country. our brands and products cover a broad array of pricing tiers. prices of skin care and fragrance products are typically higher than makeup and hair care products.
new product innovation includes the introduction of new products, as well as changes related to existing products or where they are sold, including reformulations, regional expansion, repackaging and sets. a product is considered "new innovation" for the twelve-month period following the initial shipment date. our innovation is launched at different price points than existing products and value derived from innovation may vary from year to year. we continually introduce new products, support new and established products through advertising, merchandising and sampling and phase out existing products that no longer meet the needs of our consumers or our objectives. the economics of developing, producing, launching, supporting and discontinuing products impact our sales and operating performance each period. the introduction of new products often has some cannibalizing effect on sales of existing products, which we take into account in our business planning. the impact of new product introductions, including timing compared to introductions in prior periods, also affects our results.
non-gaap financial measures we use certain non-gaap financial measures, among other financial measures, to evaluate our operating performance, which represent the manner in which we conduct and view our business. management believes that excluding certain items that are not comparable from period to period helps investors and others compare operating performance between periods. while we consider the non-gaap measures useful in analyzing our results, they are not intended to replace, or act as a substitute for, any presentation included in the consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity with u.s. gaap. see reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
we operate on a global basis, with the majority of our net sales generated outside the united states. accordingly, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can affect our results of operations. therefore, we present certain net sales, operating results and diluted net earnings per common share information excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations to provide a framework for assessing the performance of our underlying business outside the united states. constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period-over-period. we calculate constant currency information by translating current-period results using monthly average foreign currency exchange rates and adjusting for the period-over-period impact of foreign currency cash flow hedging activities.
overview business update we are a leader in prestige beauty, which combines the repeat purchase and relative affordability of consumer goods with high quality products and services. within prestige beauty, we are diversified by product category, geography, brand, product sub-category, channel, consumer segment and price point. we also leverage consumer analytics and insights with agility by deploying our brands to fast growing and profitable opportunities. these analytics and insights, combined with our creativity, inform our innovation to provide a broad, locally-relevant and inclusive range of prestige products allowing us to compete effectively for a greater share of a consumer's beauty routine.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2023, the operating environment continued to be disrupted by the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. most notably, the pace of recovery in asia travel retail and mainland china was slower than anticipated. in hainan, prolonged store closures initially presented a headwind and, thereafter, low levels of conversion occurred when travel resumed. this was compounded by inventory tightening by certain retailers. in korea, the travel retail business slowed during the transition to post-covid-19 regulations. in addition, the slower than anticipated resumption of international flights, granting of visas, and organized group tours further challenged the asia travel retail recovery. as a result, our asia travel retail business was challenged throughout the fiscal year by the slower than anticipated recovery. in mainland china, our performance in the first half of fiscal 2023 was hindered by low retail traffic as a result of covid-19-related restrictions and the rise in covid-19 cases.
elsewhere, the recovery from the covid-19 pandemic progressed across markets globally over the course of the fiscal year as restrictions lifted. in the west, our recovery from the pandemic continued with net sales growth in many markets in europe, the middle east & africa and in latin america. in asia/pacific, certain of our markets emerged strongly into recovery across the fiscal year, to deliver net sales growth throughout the region.
in the united states, net sales was unfavorably impacted by the slower than anticipated pace of our improvement at retail and the tightening of inventory in certain retailers in the first half of fiscal 2023 due to inflationary pressures and recession concerns.
finally, our business was also pressured by the strong u.s dollar, inflation and recession concerns globally.
during fiscal 2023, net sales decreased 10%, reflecting the impacts noted above.
•our skin care net sales declined 17%, including the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 3%, driven by declines from estée lauder, la mer and dr.jart+, primarily reflecting the challenges in our asia travel retail business throughout the year, as previously discussed. partially offsetting these declines was growth in every geographic region from the ordinary, reflecting the success of hero products and new product launches, and from m·a·c, driven by the launch of the hyper real line of products.
•our makeup net sales decreased 3%, primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 4%. net sales declines from estée lauder, tom ford and la mer, primarily reflect the challenges in asia travel retail throughout the year and in mainland china in the first half of the fiscal year, as previously discussed, were partially offset by higher net sales from m·a·c, primarily driven by the recognition of the previously deferred revenue due to changes to the back-to-m·a·c take back program, and clinique.
•our fragrance net sales remained virtually flat as growth driven by estée lauder, le labo, tom ford, clinique, and kilian paris was offset by the impact of the license terminations effective june 30, 2022 related to certain of our designer fragrances of 9% and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 4%.
•our hair care net sales increased 3%, driven by higher net sales from the ordinary reflecting the recent launch of hair care products by the brand, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 3%.
our global distribution capability and operations allow us to focus on targeted expanded consumer reach wherever consumer demographics and trends are attractive. our regional organizations, and the expertise of our people there, enable our brands to be more locally and culturally relevant in both product assortment and communications. we are evolving the way we connect with our consumers in stores, online and where they travel, including by expanding our digital and social media presence and the engagement of global and local influencers to amplify brand or product stories. we tailor implementation of our strategy by market to drive consumer engagement and embrace inclusion and cultural diversity. we continuously strengthen our presence in large, image-building core markets, while broadening our presence in emerging markets.
•net sales in the americas decreased 2%, primarily driven by a decrease in the united states, reflecting the slower than anticipated pace of our improvement at retail, the tightening of inventory from certain of our retailers during the first half of fiscal 2023 and the impact of the license terminations related to certain of our designer fragrances. partially offsetting this decrease in the americas was an increase in net sales in latin america, led by brazil and mexico, driven by growth in makeup, which reflected new product launches and successful performance during key shopping moments.
•net sales in europe, the middle east & africa decreased 19%, including the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 3%, driven primarily by lower net sales from our travel retail business reflecting the challenges in our asia travel retail business as previously discussed.
•net sales in asia/pacific decreased 4%, driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 8% and the challenges stemming from the covid-19 pandemic, led by our dr.jart+ travel retail business in korea, partially offset by the increase in net sales in hong kong sar and macau sar and southeast asia, reflecting the continued covid-19 recovery and successful brand activations and new product launches in hong kong sar and macau sar.
we approach distribution strategically by product category and location and seek to optimize distribution by matching our brands with appropriate opportunities while seeking to maintain high productivity per door. we are expanding our brands in online and travel retail, which we believe will be higher growth channels in the long term. we also focus on brand-building retail activities, technology-driven activations and omnichannel capabilities that enhance the shopping experience for consumers.
•as part of this strategy, we have built a leadership position in the global travel retail channel, that historically allowed us to leverage the robust and growing international passenger traffic. while the asia travel retail business continued to be pressured by the slower than anticipated recovery from the covid-19 pandemic, we realized recovery in the americas and europe, the middle east & africa and we continue to believe that global travel retail is a long-term growth opportunity. travel retail continues to be an important channel for brand building, particularly for those consumers who experience our brands for the first time while traveling. we continue to expand our strategic presence in travel retail across duty-free locations primarily in airports and downtown stores and increasingly through online retail. we engage consumers at the airport through compelling pop-up activations in non-traditional commercial areas, and we ensure we have appropriate communication and curated assortments for targeted consumer groups. at the same time, travel retail is susceptible to a number of external factors, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and consumers' willingness and ability to travel and spend.
•we continue to support e- and m-commerce sites of our own, collaborate with our retailers on their e-commerce sites, and sell through select third-party online malls. we believe our success in the channel is a result of adapting our strategy to meet local market and cultural needs. we also continue to develop and implement omnichannel concepts, virtual try-on tools and compelling content to deliver an integrated consumer experience and better serve consumers as they shop across channels.
in fiscal 2023, we continued to further integrate social impact and sustainability into our strategy and business operations. areas of focus include climate and energy; packaging; sourcing; green chemistry and ingredient transparency; inclusion, diversity and equity; employee health and safety; and social investments.
outlook we are experiencing a more gradual and prolonged recovery from the covid-19 pandemic, particularly in our asia travel retail business. in asia travel retail, there have been, and are likely to continue to be, impacts on our business in the near-term, from the slower than anticipated depletion of elevated levels of retailer inventory and, therefore, lower replenishment orders, as well as the slower than anticipated resumption of international flights, granting of visas, and organized group tours. additionally, in korea, the shipments to duty free retailers were pressured owing to the transition to post-covid-19 regulations as traveling consumers gradually return. in addition to impacting net sales and profitability, including any unfavorable impacts to our effective tax rate from changes to our geographical mix of earnings, these and other challenges may adversely impact the goodwill and other intangible assets associated with our brands, as well as long-lived assets (i.e. potentially resulting in impairments).
we believe that the best way to increase long-term stockholder value is to continue providing superior products and services in the most efficient and effective manner while recognizing shifts in consumers' behaviors and shopping practices. accordingly, our long-term strategy has numerous initiatives across geographic regions, product categories, brands, channels of distribution and functions designed to grow our sales, provide cost efficiencies, leverage our strengths and make us more productive and profitable. we plan to build upon and leverage our history of outstanding creativity and innovation, high quality products and services, and engaging communications while investing for long-term sustainable growth.
we continue to monitor the effects of the global macro environment, including the risk of recession; currency volatility; inflationary pressures; supply chain challenges; social and political issues; regulatory matters, including the imposition of tariffs and sanctions; geopolitical tensions; and global security issues. for example, the strengthening of the u.s. dollar could negatively impact results within europe, the middle east & africa due to pricing pressures on our retail customers and consumers in key international travel retail locations. additionally, we continue to monitor the geopolitical tensions between the united states and china, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. we are also mindful of inflationary pressures on our cost base and are monitoring the impact on consumer preferences.
as the invasion of ukraine continues and international sanctions evolve, we have scaled down our operations in russia. we expect to continue selling a limited selection of products to retailers in russia. we will continue to monitor the risks and evolving situation that may further affect our business and will adjust our plans accordingly. in fiscal 2023, our net sales in ukraine and russia accounted for approximately 1% of consolidated net sales. there are uncertainties related to the future impacts on our business, including possible new sanctions that are difficult to predict due to the high level of geopolitical volatility. on a broader perspective, there could be additional negative impacts to our net sales, earnings, assets and cash flows from such uncertainties. we also note that worsening conditions could exacerbate economic challenges in other countries such as inflationary pressures, energy shortages, recessions or other consequences. please refer to risk factors in part i, item 1a of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2023, for a more complete discussion of the risks we encounter in our business and industry.
the uncertainty around the timing, speed and duration of the recovery from the adverse impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, including the impacts on our business in asia travel retail and mainland china and the other macro challenges we are facing, will continue to affect our ability to grow sales profitably. we believe we can, to some extent, offset the impact of some of these challenges by continually developing and pursuing a diversified strategy with multiple engines of growth and by accelerating initiatives focused on areas of strength, discipline and agility, including continuing to execute upon and benefit from efficiencies attributable to previously approved initiatives under the post-covid business acceleration program. as the current situation continues to progress, if economic and social conditions or the degree of uncertainty or volatility worsen, or the adverse conditions previously described are further prolonged, there could be a further negative effect on consumer confidence, demand, spending and willingness or ability to travel and, as a result, on our business. we are continuing to monitor these and other risks that may affect our business.
cybersecurity incident disclosed in july 2023
as previously disclosed on july 18, 2023, we identified a cybersecurity incident in which an unauthorized third party gained access to some of our systems. after becoming aware of the incident, we proactively took down some of our systems to help secure our business operations and subsequently brought back online core systems within days. while the response to the incident resulted in some disruptions to our business operations, most notably general corporate activities and order processing, our production and sales operations were minimally impacted.
our investigation into the systems and the unauthorized access is substantially complete. we determined that the unauthorized third party obtained some data from our systems. we are continuing to work to understand the nature and scope of the data obtained, and can confirm, based on the investigation to date, that the data obtained includes some consumer data (such as names, contact information, and dates of birth). we took steps, and continue to take steps, to enhance the security of our systems. we are also continuing to coordinate with law enforcement authorities. we have provided and will continue to provide notification to governmental authorities in certain jurisdictions and we also will notify affected individuals where required by law.
based on the information available to date, we believe the incident is contained. based on this information, the incident is not expected to have a material impact on net sales and is expected to be dilutive approximately $.07 to earnings per share for the fiscal 2024 first quarter and full year.
post-covid business acceleration program on august 20, 2020, we announced a two-year restructuring program, post-covid business acceleration program (the "pcba program"), designed to realign our business to address the dramatic shifts to our distribution landscape and consumer behaviors in the wake of the covid-19 pandemic. the pcba program was designed to help improve efficiency and effectiveness by rebalancing resources to growth areas of prestige beauty. the pcba program's main areas of focus include accelerating the shift to online with the realignment of our distribution network reflecting freestanding store and certain department store closures, with a focus on north america and europe, the middle east & africa; the reduction in brick-and-mortar point of sale employees and related support staff; and the redesign of our regional branded marketing organizations, plus select opportunities in global brands and functions. this program is expected to position us to better execute our long-term strategy and strengthen our financial flexibility. we approved specific initiatives under the pcba program through fiscal 2022 and substantially completed those initiatives through fiscal 2023. for additional information about restructuring and other charges, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 8 - charges associated with restructuring and other activities.
impairment analysis we assess goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment or more frequently if certain events or circumstances exist.
during the fiscal 2023 second quarter, given the lower-than-expected results in the overall business, we revised the internal forecasts relating to our smashbox reporting unit. we concluded that the changes in circumstances in the reporting unit triggered the need for an interim impairment review of its trademark intangible asset. the remaining carrying value of the trademark intangible asset was not recoverable and we recorded an impairment charge of $21 million reducing the carrying value to zero.
during the fiscal 2023 second quarter, the dr.jart+ reporting unit experienced lower-than-expected growth within key geographic regions and channels that continue to be impacted by the spread of covid-19 variants, resurgence in cases, and the potential future impacts relating to the uncertainty of the duration and severity of covid-19 impacting the financial performance of the reporting unit. in addition, due to macro-economic factors, dr.jart+ has experienced lower-than-expected growth within key geographic regions. the too faced reporting unit experienced lower-than-expected results in key geographic regions and channels coupled with delays in future international expansion to areas that continue to be impacted by covid-19. as a result, we revised the internal forecasts relating to our dr.jart+ and too faced reporting units. additionally, there were increases in the weighted average cost of capital for both reporting units as compared to the prior year annual goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing as of april 1, 2022.
we concluded that the changes in circumstances in the reporting units, along with increases in the weighted average cost of capital, triggered the need for interim impairment reviews of their trademarks and goodwill. these changes in circumstances were also an indicator that the carrying amounts of dr.jart+'s and too faced's long-lived assets, including customer lists, may not be recoverable. accordingly, we performed interim impairment tests for the trademarks and a recoverability test for the long-lived assets as of november 30, 2022. we concluded that the carrying value of the trademark intangible assets exceeded their estimated fair values, which were determined utilizing the relief-from-royalty method to determine discounted projected future cash flows and recorded an impairment charge of $100 million for dr.jart+ and $86 million for too faced. we concluded that the carrying amounts of the long-lived assets were recoverable. after adjusting the carrying values of the trademarks, we completed interim quantitative impairment tests for goodwill. as the estimated fair value of the dr.jart+ and too faced reporting units were in excess of their carrying values, we concluded that the carrying amounts of the goodwill were recoverable and did not record a goodwill impairment charge related to these reporting units. the fair values of these reporting units were based upon an equal weighting of the income and market approaches, utilizing estimated cash flows and a terminal value, discounted at a rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the cash flows, as well as valuation multiples derived from comparable publicly traded companies that are applied to operating performance of the reporting units. the significant assumptions used in these approaches include revenue growth rates and profit margins, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rates for trademarks. the most significant unobservable input used to estimate the fair values of the dr.jart+ and too faced trademark intangible assets was the weighted average cost of capital, which was 11% and 13%, respectively.
a summary of the trademark impairment charges for fiscal 2023 and the remaining carrying values as of june 30, 2023, for each reporting unit, are as follows:
impairment charges                                                                                  carrying value
reporting unit       geographic region                                    trademarks               goodwill                           trademarks                   goodwill smashbox             the americas                                          $21                     $-                                   $-                          $-
the impairment charges for fiscal 2023 were reflected in the skin care product category for dr.jart+ and the makeup product category for smashbox and too faced.
based on our annual goodwill impairment testing as of april 1, 2023, the fair values of all reporting units, which were determined based on qualitative or quantitative assessments, with material goodwill were substantially in excess of their respective carrying values.
based on our annual other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing as of april 1, 2023, the estimated fair value of the dr.jart+ and too faced trademarks exceeded their carrying values by 12% and 14%, respectively. for the dr.jart+ and too faced trademarks, if all other assumptions are held constant, a decrease of 10% in the estimated future cash flows, inclusive of the terminal value, or an increase of 75 basis points for dr.jart+ and 100 basis points for too faced in the weighted average cost of capital, would have caused the carrying value of these trademarks to approximate their fair value. the key assumptions used to determine the estimated fair value of the reporting units and their respective trademarks are primarily predicated on the anticipated recovery from the impacts of covid-19, the success of future new product launches, ability to secure strategic price increases, the achievement of distribution expansion plans, and the realization of cost reduction and other efficiency efforts. if such plans do not materialize, or if there are further challenges in the business environments in which the reporting unit operates, resulting changes in the key assumptions could have negative impacts on the estimated fair value of the reporting units, and their respective trademarks, and it is possible we could recognize additional impairment charges in the future.
for additional information, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 6 - goodwill and other intangible assets.
fiscal 2022 as compared with fiscal 2021
except as disclosed herein, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 for the fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2021 comparative discussion.
fiscal 2023 as compared with fiscal 2022
$ change from prior year                                         (1,827)                           1,522
% change from prior year                                            (10)    %                          9    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change from prior year in constant currency                        (7)    %                         10    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
during fiscal 2023, our business was challenged by the slower than anticipated recovery from the covid-19 pandemic, including restrictions in mainland china and the rising number of covid-19 cases earlier in the fiscal year. this impacted our business in asia travel retail, including the tightening of inventory by certain of our retailers, as well as the low levels of conversion when travel resumed. this resulted in lower product shipments, compounded by the impact of retailers continuing to reduce inventory. in mainland china, the aforementioned restrictions earlier in the fiscal year negatively impacted our business, however, lower covid-19 related restrictions in the second half of fiscal 2023, as compared to the second half of fiscal 2022, resulted in increased net sales in the second half of fiscal 2023.
the fiscal 2023 reported net sales decrease was impacted by approximately $629 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
reported net sales decreased 10% in fiscal 2023, driven by the decrease from volume of 7%, the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 4% and the net impact from acquisitions, divestitures and brand closures of 1%. partially offsetting these decreases was an increase from pricing of 1%, due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix.
returns associated with restructuring and other activities are not allocated to our product categories or geographic regions because they result from activities that are deemed a company-wide initiative to redesign, resize and reorganize select corporate functions and go-to-market structures. accordingly, the following discussions of net sales by product categories and geographic regions exclude the fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 impacts of returns associated with restructuring and other activities of approximately $27 million and $4 million, respectively.
$ change from prior year                                         (1,684)                             402
% change from prior year                                            (17)    %                          4    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change from prior year in constant currency                       (14)    %                          4    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
reported skin care net sales decreased in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by lower net sales from estée lauder, la mer, dr.jart+, clinique and origins, combined, of approximately $1,830 million, that were mostly attributable to the aforementioned challenges in asia travel retail.
the skin care net sales decrease was impacted by approximately $337 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
reported skin care net sales decreased 17% in fiscal 2023, driven by the decrease from volume of 13% and the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 3%. the impact from pricing was flat period-over-period, due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions offset by changes in mix.
$ change from prior year                                           (151)                             464
% change from prior year                                             (3)    %                         11    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change from prior year in constant currency                          -    %                         12    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
reported makeup net sales decreased in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by lower net sales from estée lauder, tom ford and la mer, combined, of approximately $271 million, primarily reflecting the aforementioned challenges in asia travel retail and mainland china, as well as the unfavorable impacts of foreign currency translation.
partially offsetting these decreases in makeup net sales in fiscal 2023 was an increase in net sales from m·a·c and clinique, combined, of approximately $114 million. the increase in net sales from m·a·c was driven by the recognition of previously deferred revenue due to changes to the back-to-m·a·c take back program, as well as growth in the face, lip, and eye subcategories. net sales from clinique increased, benefiting from solid performance in the lip, face and eye subcategories.
the makeup net sales decrease was impacted by approximately $166 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
reported makeup net sales decreased 3% in fiscal 2023, driven by the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 4% and the decrease from volume of 3%. partially offsetting these decreases was an increase from pricing of 3% due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix.
$ change from prior year                                               4                             582
% change from prior year                                               -    %                         30    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change from prior year in constant currency                          4    %                         32    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
reported fragrance net sales remained virtually flat in fiscal 2023, driven by higher net sales from estée lauder, le labo, tom ford, clinique, and kilian paris, combined, of approximately $261 million. net sales from estée lauder increased, reflecting a successful campaign for beautiful magnolia and successful performance during holiday and key shopping moments. net sales from le labo increased, reflecting the continued success of hero product franchises, targeted expanded consumer reach, successful performance during holiday and key shopping moments and new product launches. the increase in net sales from tom ford reflected the continued success of signature and private blend fragrances, expanded distribution, new product launches and successful performance during holiday and key shopping moments. net sales from clinique increased, primarily reflecting growth in the clinique happy franchise line of products. net sales from kilian paris increased, reflecting new product launches and expanded distribution.
offsetting these increases in fragrance net sales was the impact of the license terminations related to certain of our designer fragrances effective june 30, 2022 and lower net sales from jo malone london, combined, of approximately $261 million. the decrease in net sales from jo malone london primarily reflected the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation.
fragrance net sales was impacted by approximately $108 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
reported fragrance net sales remained virtually flat in fiscal 2023, driven by the increase in volume of 10% and the increase from pricing of 4%, due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix. offsetting these increases were the impact from the license terminations of certain of our designer fragrances of 9% and the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 4%.
$ change from prior year                                            22                            60
% change from prior year                                             3    %                       11    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change from prior year in constant currency                        6    %                       12    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
the hair care net sales increase was impacted by approximately $16 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
reported hair care net sales increased 3% in fiscal 2023, driven by an increase from pricing of 5%, due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix, and the increase in volume of 1%. partially offsetting these increases was the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 3%.
geographic regions we strategically time our new product launches by geographic market, which may account for differences in regional sales growth.
$ change from prior year                                           (105)                             826
% change from prior year                                             (2)    %                         22    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change from prior year in constant currency                        (3)    %                         21    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
reported net sales in the americas decreased in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by a decrease in net sales in the united states of approximately $133 million, reflecting the slower than anticipated pace of our improvement at retail, the tightening of inventory from certain of our retailers in the first half of the fiscal year and the impact of the license terminations related to certain of our designer fragrances. partially offsetting this decrease in the americas in fiscal 2023 was an increase in net sales in latin america of approximately $51 million, led by brazil and mexico, driven by growth in makeup, which reflected new product launches and successful performance during key shopping moments.
the net sales decrease in the americas included approximately $11 million of favorable foreign currency translation.
reported net sales in the americas decreased 2% in fiscal 2023, driven by the decrease from volume of 4% and the net impact from acquisitions, divestitures and brand closures of 2%. partially offsetting these decreases was an increase from pricing of 3%, due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix.
$ change from prior year                                         (1,456)                             735
% change from prior year                                            (19)    %                         11    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change from prior year in constant currency                       (16)    %                         12    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
reported net sales decreased in europe, the middle east & africa in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by lower net sales from our travel retail business, and to a significantly lesser extent, russia and the united kingdom, combined, of approximately $1,551 million. the decrease in net sales from our travel retail business reflects the aforementioned challenges in asia travel retail. net sales from russia decreased in fiscal 2023, as we sold a limited selection of products to certain retailers, and completed the closure of all of our freestanding stores during the first half of fiscal 2023. the decrease in net sales from the united kingdom in fiscal 2023 is driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by brick-and-mortar recovery, reflecting an increase in traffic, compared to the prior year.
the net sales decrease in europe, the middle east & africa included approximately $205 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
reported net sales in europe, the middle east & africa decreased 19% in fiscal 2023, driven by the decrease from volume of 15%, the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 3%, a decrease from pricing of 1%, due to the unfavorable impact from changes in mix, partially offset by strategic pricing actions, and the impact from the license terminations of certain of our designer fragrances of 1%.
$ change from prior year                                           (243)                            (49)
% change from prior year                                             (4)    %                        (1)    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change from prior year in constant currency                          4    %                        (1)    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
reported net sales decreased in asia/pacific in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency of 8%. the decrease in net sales, including the unfavorable impact of foreign currency, was primarily driven by mainland china and korea, led by the dr.jart+ travel retail business in korea, combined, of approximately $371 million. the decrease in net sales in mainland china reflects the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation as well as the aforementioned challenges in mainland china in the first half of the fiscal year. the decrease in net sales in our dr.jart+ travel retail business in korea reflects the aforementioned challenges in asia travel retail.
the net sales decrease in asia/pacific included approximately $435 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
reported net sales in asia/pacific decreased 4% in fiscal 2023, driven by the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 8%. partially offsetting this decrease was an increase from pricing of 2%, due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix, and the increase in volume of 1%.
gross margin gross margin in fiscal 2023 decreased to 71.3% as compared with 75.7% in fiscal 2022.
fiscal 2023 vs. fiscal 2022favorable (unfavorable) basis points mix of business                                                             (225)
manufacturing costs and other                                               (145)
foreign exchange transactions                                                  30
the decrease in gross margin in fiscal 2023 reflected unfavorable impacts from changes in our mix of business, higher manufacturing costs and other, and higher obsolescence charges. the unfavorable impact from our mix of business is primarily driven by category mix, driven by the decrease in skin care net sales which typically have higher margins than other product categories, as well as higher costs associated with promotional items. manufacturing costs and other increased, driven by higher expenses within our inventory deferrals recognized during the current year reflecting lower production volume due to lower demand and higher costs for freight and material commodities. the unfavorable impact from obsolescence charges is primarily due to excess inventory on hand and increased levels of inventory destruction and reserves driven by lower demand that resulted in lower product shipments.
operating expenses operating expenses as a percentage of net sales in fiscal 2023 increased to 61.8% as compared with 57.9% in fiscal 2022.
advertising, merchandising, sampling and product development                                                 (190)
store operating costs                                                                                         (50)
foreign exchange transactions                                                                                   10
charges associated with restructuring and other activities                                                      50
changes in fair value of acquisition-related stock options                                                    (40)
the unfavorable change in operating expense margin in fiscal 2023 reflected unfavorable impacts relating to advertising, merchandising, sampling and product development, selling expenses, general and administrative expenses, and shipping expenses, driven by the decrease in net sales.
operating expenses in total decreased $425 million in fiscal 2023, at a slower pace as compared to the decrease in net sales, as we continued to invest in our business, particularly in advertising, merchandising sampling and product development, as well as in selling, while also decreasing certain expenses through disciplined expense management. additionally, general and administrative expenses decreased in fiscal 2023, driven by lower employee incentive compensation.
$ change from prior year                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (1,661)                             552
% change from prior year                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (52)    %                         21    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change in operating income from the prior year adjusting for the impact of charges associated with restructuring and other activities, other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options                       (48)    %                         14    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
the reported operating margin for fiscal 2023 decreased from the prior year, primarily driven by the decreases in net sales, gross margin and operating expense margin, discussed above.
charges associated with restructuring and other activities are not allocated to our product categories or geographic regions because they are centrally directed and controlled, are not included in internal measures of product category or geographic region performance and result from activities that are deemed company-wide initiatives to redesign, resize and reorganize select areas of the business. accordingly, the following discussions of operating income by product categories and geographic regions exclude the fiscal 2023 and 2022 impact of charges associated with restructuring and other activities of $85 million, or approximately 1% of net sales and $144 million, or approximately 1% of net sales, respectively.
$ change from prior year                                                                                                                                                                             (1,549)                           (283)
% change from prior year                                                                                                                                                                                (56)    %                        (9)    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change in operating income from the prior year adjusting for the impact of other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options                       (55)    %                        (8)    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
reported skin care operating income decreased in fiscal 2023 reflecting lower operating results from estée lauder, la mer, clinique and origins, combined, of approximately $1,556 million, primarily driven by decreases in net sales, partially offset by disciplined advertising and promotional expense management, as well as an unfavorable year-over-year impact for the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options of $75 million relating to the fiscal 2021 increase in our investment in deciem. also contributing to the decrease in skin care operating income from estée lauder, la mer and clinique was a higher cost of sales. the increase in cost of sales from estée lauder was due in part to higher manufacturing costs and obsolescence charges. the increase in cost of sales from la mer was due in part to higher manufacturing costs and the increase in cost of sales from clinique was due in part to higher costs for promotional items. the decrease in operating income from origins was also partially offset by a lower cost of sales due to the net sales decrease and lower selling expenses due to the closure of freestanding stores during fiscal 2023.
$ change from prior year                                                                                                                                                                             (155)                           517
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change in operating income from the prior year adjusting for the impact of other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options                     (35)    %                         100+%
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
reported makeup operating income decreased in fiscal 2023, reflecting lower results from estée lauder, tom ford and la mer, combined, of approximately $191 million, primarily driven by a decrease in net sales, as well as the fiscal 2023 second quarter other intangible asset impairments related to too faced and smashbox of $107 million, combined. the decrease in operating income from tom ford also reflected a higher cost of sales, due in part to higher manufacturing costs and higher obsolescence charges. also contributing to the decrease in operating income from la mer was higher advertising and promotional activities, partially offset by a lower cost of sales due to lower net sales compared to the prior year. partially offsetting the decrease in operating income from estée lauder was disciplined advertising and promotional expense management.
partially offsetting the decrease in makeup operating income in fiscal 2023 were higher results from m·a·c, primarily driven by the recognition of previously deferred revenue due to changes to the back-to-m·a·c take back program and lower store operating costs, partially offset by an increase in cost of sales, as well as lower employee incentive compensation compared to the prior year.
$ change from prior year                     (16)                           241
% change from prior year                      (4)    %                         100+%
reported fragrance operating income decreased in fiscal 2023, reflecting lower results from jo malone london and the impact of license terminations related to certain of our designer fragrances effective june 30, 2022, combined, of approximately $98 million. the lower results from jo malone london were driven by a decrease in net sales, higher cost of sales, due, in part, to an increase in promotional items, and higher selling expenses due to increased staffing costs compared to the prior year.
partially offsetting the decrease in fragrance operating income were higher results from estée lauder and le labo, combined, of approximately $83 million, driven by increases in net sales. also contributing to the increase in operating income from estée lauder was disciplined advertising and promotional expense management, partially offset by a higher cost of sales. partially offsetting the increase in operating income from le labo was higher advertising and promotional activities, higher selling expenses due to increased staffing costs compared to the prior year and higher store operating costs. also partially offsetting the decrease in fragrance operating income was lower employee incentive compensation compared to the prior year.
$ change from prior year                      (6)                           (9)
% change from prior year                     (21)    %                     (47)    %
reported hair care operating results decreased in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by lower results from aveda and bumble and bumble, combined, of approximately $53 million. the lower results from aveda reflected a higher cost of sales, higher advertising and promotional activities to support the brand's expansion into mainland china during fiscal 2023 and key shopping moments and a decrease in net sales. operating results from bumble and bumble decreased, primarily driven by higher cost of sales.
$ change from prior year                                                                                                                                                                             (1,232)                             641
% change from prior year                                                                                                                                                                                  (100+)%                           100+%
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change in operating income from the prior year adjusting for the impact of other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options                       (95)    %                         60    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
reported operating results decreased in the americas in fiscal 2023, primarily reflecting lower operating results from north america of approximately $1,226 million. the decrease in operating results in north america was primarily driven by the united states, reflecting lower intercompany royalty income of $670 million compared to the prior year, driven by a decrease in net sales in our travel retail business, higher cost of sales driven by higher manufacturing costs and obsolescence charges, a decrease in net sales, and the unfavorable year-over-year impact of other intangible asset impairments of $96 million. also contributing to the decrease in operating income in north america was the unfavorable year-over-year impact of the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options of $77 million relating to the fiscal 2021 increase in our investment in deciem.
$ change from prior year                    (517)                              25
% change from prior year                     (38)    %                          2    %
reported operating income decreased in europe, the middle east & africa in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by lower results from our travel retail business, primarily driven by the decrease in net sales, partially offset by the associated decrease in intercompany royalty expense to the americas of $670 million.
$ change from prior year                                                                                                              29                         (198)
% change from prior year                                                                                                               4    %                     (20)    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change in operating income from the prior year adjusting for the impact of other intangible asset impairments                     (10)    %                        3    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
partially offsetting the increase in operating income in asia/pacific in fiscal 2023 were lower operating results in mainland china, korea and japan, combined, of approximately $149 million. the lower operating results in mainland china were driven by a decrease in net sales and an increase in cost of sales reflecting higher obsolescence charges and an increase in promotional items, partially offset by disciplined advertising and promotional expense management and lower selling costs compared to the prior year. operating income in korea decreased, led by dr.jart+, due to decreases in net sales, partially offset by lower selling expenses and cost of sales. operating income in japan decreased, driven by the decrease in net sales, partially offset by lower selling expenses.
interest and investment income year ended june 30
interest income and investment income, net                     $131                           $30
interest expense increased in fiscal 2023, primarily reflecting a higher debt balance, due in part to the financing of our acquisition of the tom ford brand, including the issuance of commercial paper primarily in the second half of fiscal 2023, and the issuance of senior notes in may 2023 and higher interest rates compared to the prior year. interest income and investment income, net increased, primarily reflecting higher interest rates compared to the prior year.
other income, net on may 18, 2021, we acquired additional shares in deciem, a toronto-based skin care company, for $1,092 million in cash, including proceeds from the issuance of debt. deciem is a multi-brand beauty company with a brand portfolio that includes the ordinary and niod. we originally acquired a minority interest in deciem in june 2017. the minority interest was accounted for as an equity method investment, which had a carrying value of $65 million at the acquisition date. the acquisition of additional shares increased our fully diluted equity interest from approximately 29% to approximately 76% and was considered a step acquisition. on a fully diluted basis, the deciem stock options approximated 4% of the total capital structure. accordingly, for purposes of determining the consideration transferred, we excluded the deciem stock options, which resulted in an increase in our post-acquisition undiluted equity interest from approximately 30% to approximately 78% and the post-acquisition undiluted equity interest of the remaining noncontrolling interest holders of approximately 22%. we remeasured the previously held equity method investment to its fair value of $913 million, resulting in the recognition of a gain of $848 million. the gain on our previously held equity method investment is included in other income, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended june 30, 2021. as part of the increase in our investment, we were granted the right to purchase ("call option"), and granted the remaining investors a right to sell to us ("put option"), the remaining interests after a three-year period, with a purchase price based on the future performance of deciem (the "net put (call) option"). as a result of this redemption feature, we recorded redeemable noncontrolling interest, at its acquisition‐date fair value, that is classified as mezzanine equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at june 30, 2021. the accounting for the deciem business combination was finalized during the fiscal 2022 third quarter.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 5 - business and asset acquisitions for additional information.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes represents u.s. federal, foreign, state and local income taxes. the effective rate differs from the federal statutory rate primarily due to the effect of state and local income taxes, the tax impact of share-based compensation, the taxation of foreign income and income tax reserve adjustments, which represent changes in our net liability for unrecognized tax benefits including tax settlements and lapses of the applicable statutes of limitations. our effective tax rate will change from year-to-year based on recurring and non-recurring factors including the geographical mix of earnings, enacted tax legislation, state and local income taxes, tax reserve adjustments, the tax impact of share-based compensation, the interaction of various global tax strategies and the impact from certain acquisitions.
the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja") included broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code that impacted our accounting and reporting for income taxes. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 9 - income taxes for further discussion relating to the tcja.
earnings before income taxes:                         $1,397                          $3,036
effective rate for income taxes                         27.7    %                       20.7    %
basis-point change from prior year                       700                             700
non-gaap financial measure(1):
effective rate for income taxes                         26.5    %                       21.3    %
(1)excludes the net impact on the effective tax rates of charges associated with restructuring and other activities, other intangible asset impairments and changes in the fair value of acquisition-related stock options.
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 increased approximately 700 basis points. the increase was primarily attributable to a higher effective tax rate on the company's foreign operations of approximately 720 basis points, due to the company's geographical mix of earnings for fiscal 2023.
($ in millions, except per share data)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2023                                               2022
$ change from prior year                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (1,384)                           (480)
% change from prior year                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (58)    %                       (17)    %
% change from prior year                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (57)    %                       (16)    %
non-gaap financial measure(1):
% change in diluted net earnings per common share from the prior year adjusting for the impact of charges associated with restructuring and other activities, other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options                       (52)    %                         12    %
(1)see "reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures" below for reconciliations between non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures we use certain non-gaap financial measures, among other financial measures, to evaluate our operating performance, which represent the manner in which we conduct and view our business. management believes that excluding certain items that are not comparable from period to period, or do not reflect the company's underlying ongoing business, provides transparency for such items and helps investors and others compare and analyze our operating performance from period to period. in the future, we expect to incur charges or adjustments similar in nature to those presented below; however, the impact to the company's results in a given period may be highly variable and difficult to predict. our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by, or determined in a manner consistent with, other companies. while we consider the non-gaap measures useful in analyzing our results, they are not intended to replace, or act as a substitute for, any presentation included in the consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity with u.s. gaap. the following tables present net sales, operating income and diluted net earnings per common share adjusted to exclude the impact of charges associated with restructuring and other activities; other intangible asset impairments; the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options; and the effects of foreign currency translation. the following tables provide reconciliations between these non-gaap financial measures and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
year ended june 30                                   % change       % change in constant currency
($ in millions, except per share data)                                                                                                                 2023                            2022                    variance net sales, as reported                                                                                                                         $15,910                         $17,737                    $(1,827)           (10)    %                     (7)           %
returns associated with restructuring and other activities                                                                                          27                               4                          23
charges associated with restructuring and other activities                                                                                          85                             144                        (59)
change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options                                                                                           22                            (55)                          77
charges associated with restructuring and other activities                                                                                         .18                             .31                       (.13)
change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options (less portion attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest)                        .05                           (.12)                         .17
as diluted net earnings per common share, as adjusted, is used as a measure of the company's performance, we consider the impact of current and deferred income taxes when calculating the per-share impact of each of the reconciling items.
the following table reconciles the change in net sales by product category and geographic region, as reported, to the change in net sales excluding the effects of foreign currency translation:
($ in millions)                                                                      2023                            2022                    variance                                    impact of                           variance,                  % change, as reported                  % change, in constant currency foreign currency translation                in constant currency by product category:
returns associated with restructuring and other activities                      (27)                             (4)                        (23)                                     -                                   (23)
returns associated with restructuring and other activities                      (27)                             (4)                        (23)                                     -                                   (23)
the following tables reconcile the change in operating results by product category and geographic region, as reported, to the change in operating income excluding the impact of other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options:
as reported            add:                                               add:                                                                             variance, as adjusted                  % change, as reported                  % change, as adjusted changes in                                         change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options other intangible asset impairments year ended june 30
charges associated with restructuring and other activities                      (85)                           (144)
charges associated with restructuring and other activities                      (85)                           (144)
financial condition liquidity and capital resources overview our principal sources of funds historically have been cash flows from operations, borrowings pursuant to our commercial paper program, borrowings from the issuance of long-term debt and committed and uncommitted credit lines provided by banks and other lenders in the united states and abroad. at june 30, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of $4,029 million compared with $3,957 million at june 30, 2022. our cash and cash equivalents are maintained at a number of financial institutions. to mitigate the risk of uninsured balances, we select financial institutions based on their credit ratings and financial strength, and we perform ongoing evaluations of these institutions to limit our concentration risk exposure. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we temporarily reduced our holdings of bank deposits and increased our allocation of government money market funds, due to stresses in the global banking system.
based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that cash on hand, cash generated from operations, available credit lines and access to credit markets will be adequate to support seasonal working capital needs, currently planned business operations, information technology enhancements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, stock repurchases, restructuring initiatives, commitments and other contractual obligations on both a near-term and long-term basis.
the tcja resulted in the transition tax on unrepatriated earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and changed the tax law in ways that present opportunities to repatriate cash without additional u.s. federal income tax. as a result, we changed our indefinite reinvestment assertion related to certain foreign earnings. as explained in further detail in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 9 - income taxes, during the fiscal 2023 fourth quarter, we changed our assertion regarding our ability and intent to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries. we continue to analyze the indefinite reinvestment assertion on our remaining applicable foreign earnings. we do not believe that continuing to reinvest these remaining applicable foreign earnings impairs our ability to meet our domestic debt or working capital obligations. if these reinvested earnings were repatriated into the united states as dividends, we would be subject to state income taxes and applicable foreign taxes in certain jurisdictions.
inflation impacted our operating results during fiscal 2023 and we expect it to continue. generally, we have plans to introduce new products at higher prices, increase prices and implement other operating efficiencies which we expect to offset some of these cost increases.
credit ratings changes in our credit ratings will likely result in changes in our borrowing costs. our credit ratings also impact the cost of our revolving credit facility. downgrades in our credit ratings may reduce our ability to issue commercial paper and/or long-term debt and would likely increase the relative costs of borrowing. a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities, is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. as of august 11, 2023, our long-term debt is rated a+ with a negative outlook by standard & poor's and a1 with a stable outlook by moody's.
debt and access to liquidity total debt as a percent of total capitalization (excluding noncontrolling interests) increased to 59% at june 30, 2023 from 49% at june 30, 2022, primarily due to the increase in total debt, reflecting the financing of our acquisition of the tom ford brand, including the issuance of commercial paper primarily in the second half of fiscal 2023, and the issuance of senior notes in may 2023.
for further information regarding our current and long-term debt and available financing, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 11 - debt.
net cash provided by operating activities                                 $1,731                       $3,040
net cash used for investing activities                                  $(3,217)                       $(945)
net cash provided by (used for) financing activities                      $1,590                       $(3,036)
the change in net cash flows provided by operating activities primarily reflected lower earnings before tax, excluding non-cash items, partially offset by the favorable change in working capital, reflecting a favorable change in inventory and promotional merchandise and accounts receivable, partially offset by lower accounts payable due to timing of payments and lower other accrued and noncurrent liabilities, which includes the settlement of net investment hedges.
the change in net cash flows used for investing activities was primarily driven by cash paid in connection with the acquisition of the tom ford brand during the fiscal 2023 fourth quarter and also reflects a favorable impact from the settlement of net investment hedges, which is offset by the unfavorable change in other accrued liabilities as discussed above.
the change in net cash flows provided by (used for) financing activities primarily reflected lower treasury stock purchases compared to the prior year, an increase in debt due to the issuance of senior notes in may 2023 and the issuance of commercial paper in the second half of fiscal 2023, due in part to finance our acquisition of the tom ford brand, partially offset by an increase in repayments of long-term debt.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - financial condition of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 for the fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2021 comparative discussions.
dividends for a summary of quarterly cash dividends declared per share on our class a and class b common stock during the year ended june 30, 2023 and through august 11, 2023, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 17 - common stock.
pension and post-retirement plan funding several factors influence the annual funding requirements for our pension plans. for our domestic trust-based noncontributory qualified defined benefit pension plan ("u.s. qualified plan"), we seek to maintain appropriate funded percentages. for any future contributions to the u.s. qualified plan, we would seek to contribute an amount or amounts that would not be less than the minimum required by the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended, ("erisa") and subsequent pension legislation, and would not be more than the maximum amount deductible for income tax purposes. for each international plan, our funding policies are determined by local laws and regulations. in addition, amounts necessary to fund future obligations under these plans could vary depending on estimated assumptions. the effect of our pension plan funding on future operating results will depend on economic conditions, employee demographics, mortality rates, the number of participants electing to take lump-sum distributions, investment performance and funding decisions.
for the u.s. qualified plan, we maintain an investment strategy of matching the duration of a substantial portion of the plan assets with the duration of the underlying plan liabilities. this strategy assists us in maintaining our overall funded ratio. for fiscal 2023 and 2022, we met or exceeded all contribution requirements under erisa regulations for the u.s. qualified plan. we expect to make a $50 million discretionary contribution to the u.s. qualified plan in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. as we continue to monitor the funded status, we may decide to make additional cash contributions to the u.s. qualified plan or our post-retirement medical plan in the united states during fiscal 2024.
the following table summarizes actual and expected benefit payments and contributions for our other pension and post-retirement plans:
non-qualified domestic noncontributory pension plan benefit payments               $22                        $14                     $18
international defined benefit pension plan contributions                           $28                        $35                     $38
post-retirement plan benefit payments                                              $11                        $13                     $11
commitments and contingencies for a discussion of our contingencies, see to item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 16 - commitments and contingencies (contractual obligations).
contractual obligations for a discussion of our contractual obligations, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 16 - commitments and contingencies (contractual obligations).
derivative financial instruments and hedging activities for a discussion of our derivative financial instruments and hedging activities, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 12 - derivative financial instruments.
foreign exchange risk management for a discussion of foreign exchange risk management, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 12 - derivative financial instruments (cash flow hedges, net investment hedges).
credit risk for a discussion of credit risk, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 12 - derivative financial instruments (credit risk).
market risk we address certain financial exposures through a controlled program of market risk management that includes the use of foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates and to mitigate the change in fair value of specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. to perform a sensitivity analysis of our foreign currency forward contracts, we assess the change in fair values from the impact of hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates. a hypothetical 10% weakening of the u.s. dollar against the foreign exchange rates for the currencies in our portfolio would have resulted in a net decrease in the fair value of our portfolio of approximately $265 million and $259 million as of june 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. this potential change does not consider our underlying foreign currency exposures.
we also enter into cross-currency swap contracts to hedge the impact of foreign currency changes on certain intercompany foreign currency denominated debt. a hypothetical 10% weakening of the u.s. dollar against the foreign exchange rates for the currencies in our cross-currency swap contracts would have resulted in a net decrease in the fair value of our cross-currency swap contracts of approximately $49 million as of june 30, 2023.
in addition, we enter into interest rate derivatives to manage the effects of interest rate movements on our aggregate liability portfolio, including future debt issuances. based on a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates, the estimated fair value of our interest rate derivatives would decrease by approximately $55 million and $41 million as of june 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
our sensitivity analysis represents an estimate of reasonably possible net losses that would be recognized on our portfolio of derivative financial instruments assuming hypothetical movements in future market rates and is not necessarily indicative of actual results, which may or may not occur. it does not represent the maximum possible loss or any expected loss that may occur, since actual future gains and losses will differ from those estimated, based upon actual fluctuations in market rates, operating exposures, and the timing thereof, and changes in our portfolio of derivative financial instruments during the year. we believe, however, that any such loss incurred would be offset by the effects of market rate movements on the respective underlying transactions for which the derivative financial instrument was intended.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not maintain any off-balance sheet arrangements, transactions, obligations or other relationships with unconsolidated entities that would be expected to have a material current or future effect upon our financial condition or results of operations.
recently issued accounting standards refer to item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies for discussion regarding the impact of accounting standards that were recently issued but not yet effective, on our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition at june 30, 2023 and our results of operations for the three fiscal years ended june 30, 2023 are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses reported in those financial statements. these estimates and assumptions can be subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. we consider accounting estimates to be critical if both (i) the nature of the estimate or assumption is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment involved, and (ii) the impact within a reasonable range of outcomes of the estimate and assumption is material to the company's financial condition. our critical accounting policies relate to goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets - impairment assessment, income taxes, and asset acquisition.
management of the company has discussed the selection of critical accounting policies and the effect of estimates with the audit committee of the company's board of directors.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets - impairment assessment goodwill is calculated as the excess of the cost of purchased businesses over the fair value of their underlying net assets. other indefinite-lived intangible assets principally consist of trademarks. goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized.
when testing goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, we have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. if necessary, we can perform a single step quantitative goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and record an impairment charge for the amount that the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, up to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
for fiscal 2023, we elected to perform the qualitative assessment for the goodwill in certain of our reporting units and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. this qualitative assessment included the review of certain macroeconomic factors and entity-specific qualitative factors to determine if it was more-likely-than-not that the fair values of its reporting units were below carrying value. we considered macroeconomic factors including the global economic growth, general macroeconomic trends for the markets in which the reporting units operate and the intangible assets are employed, and the growth of the global prestige beauty industry. in addition to these macroeconomic factors, among other things, we considered the reporting units' current results and forecasts, any changes in the nature of the business, any significant legal, regulatory, contractual, political or other business climate factors, changes in the industry/competitive environment, changes in the composition or carrying amount of net assets and its intention to sell or dispose of a reporting unit or cease the use of a trademark.
for fiscal 2023, a quantitative assessment was performed for the goodwill in certain of our reporting units and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. we engaged third-party valuation specialists and used industry accepted valuation models and criteria that were reviewed and approved by various levels of management. to determine the estimated fair value of the reporting units, we used an equal weighting of the income and market approaches. under the income approach, we determined fair value using a discounted cash flow method, projecting future cash flows of each reporting unit, as well as a terminal value, and discounting such cash flows at a rate of return that reflected the relative risk of the cash flows. under the market approach, we utilized market multiples from publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting unit. the significant assumptions used in these two approaches include revenue growth rates and profit margins, terminal value, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and comparable market multiples. to determine the estimated fair value of other indefinite-lived intangible assets, we used an income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method. this method assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to obtain the rights to use the comparable asset. the significant assumptions used in this approach include revenue growth rates, terminal value, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rate.
for fiscal 2022, we elected to perform the quantitative assessment for the goodwill in each of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. we engaged a third-party valuation specialist and used industry accepted valuation models and criteria that were reviewed and approved by various levels of management. to determine the estimated fair value of the reporting units, we used an equal weighting of the income and market approaches. under the income approach, we determined fair value using a discounted cash flow method, projecting future cash flows of each reporting unit, as well as a terminal value, and discounting such cash flows at a rate of return that reflected the relative risk of the cash flows. under the market approach, we utilized market multiples from publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting unit. the significant assumptions used in these two approaches include revenue growth rates and profit margins, terminal value, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and comparable market multiples. to determine the estimated fair value of other indefinite-lived intangible assets, we used an income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method. this method assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to obtain the rights to use the comparable asset. the significant assumptions used in this approach include revenue growth rates, terminal value, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rate.
for further discussion of the methods used and factors considered in our estimates as part of the impairment testing for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies, note 6 - goodwill and other intangible assets.
income taxes we calculate and provide for income taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. as the application of various tax laws relevant to our global business is often uncertain, significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. the provision for income taxes includes the amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effect of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions.
we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, net operating losses, tax credit and other carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates when the assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. we regularly review deferred tax assets for realizability and establish valuation allowances based on available evidence including historical operating losses, projected future taxable income, expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences, and appropriate tax planning strategies. if our assessment of the realizability of a deferred tax asset changes, an increase to a valuation allowance will result in a reduction of net earnings at that time, while the reduction of a valuation allowance will result in an increase of net earnings at that time.
we provide tax reserves for u.s. federal, state, local and foreign tax exposures relating to periods subject to audit. the development of reserves for these exposures requires judgments about tax issues, potential outcomes and timing, and is a subjective critical estimate. we assess our tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting dates. for those tax positions where it is more-likely-than-not that a tax benefit will be sustained, we have recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement with a tax authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. for those tax positions where it is more-likely-than-not that a tax benefit will not be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. we classify applicable interest and penalties as a component of the provision for income taxes. although the outcome relating to these exposures is uncertain, in our opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for estimable potential liabilities emanating from these exposures. if actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates, they could have a material impact on our consolidated net earnings.
for further discussion of income taxes, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies and note 9 - income taxes.
asset acquisition we recognize assets acquired in an asset acquisition based on the cost to the company on a relative fair value basis, which includes transaction costs in addition to consideration transferred and liabilities assumed or issued as part of the transaction. neither goodwill nor bargain purchase gains are recognized in an asset acquisition; any excess of consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired, or the opposite, is allocated to qualifying assets based on their relative fair values. the determination of fair value, as well as the expected useful lives of certain assets acquired, requires management to make judgments and may involve the use of significant estimates, including assumptions with respect to estimated future cash flows and discount rates, among other things. management estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.
during fiscal 2023, we acquired 100% of the equity interests in 001 del llc ("001") in exchange for $2,550 million in consideration (the "tom ford acquisition"). the tom ford acquisition has been accounted for as an asset acquisition as the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in the value of the tom ford trademark intangible asset. the acquisition of 001 included existing license relationships for certain uses of the brand name, which were modified, terminated or otherwise renegotiated in connection with the transaction.
the total cost of the asset acquisition is $2,578 million and was allocated to the tom ford trademark. we engaged a third-party valuation specialist and used an income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method, to determine the fair value of the tom ford trademark. this method assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to obtain the rights to use the comparable asset. the significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value were revenue growth rates, terminal value, beauty royalty savings, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rates.
for further discussion of business combinations and asset acquisitions, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies, note 5 - business and asset acquisitions and note 6 - goodwill and other intangible assets.
cautionary note regarding forward-looking information we and our representatives from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including in this and other filings with the securities and exchange commission, in our press releases and in our reports to stockholders, which may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such statements may address our expectations regarding sales, earnings or other future financial performance and liquidity, other performance measures, product introductions, entry into new geographic regions, information technology initiatives, new methods of sale, our long-term strategy, restructuring and other charges and resulting cost savings, and future operations or operating results. these statements may contain words like "expect," "will," "will likely result," "would," "believe," "estimate," "planned," "plans," "intends," "may," "should," "could," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "projected," "forecast," and "forecasted" or similar expressions. although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business and operations, actual results may differ materially from our expectations. factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations include, without limitation:
(1)increased competitive activity from companies in the skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care businesses;
(2)our ability to develop, produce and market new products on which future operating results may depend and to successfully address challenges in our business;
(3)consolidations, restructurings, bankruptcies and reorganizations in the retail industry causing a decrease in the number of stores that sell our products, an increase in the ownership concentration within the retail industry, ownership of retailers by our competitors or ownership of competitors by our customers that are retailers and our inability to collect receivables;
(4)destocking and tighter working capital management by retailers;
(5)the success, or changes in timing or scope, of new product launches and the success, or changes in timing or scope, of advertising, sampling and merchandising programs;
(6)shifts in the preferences of consumers as to where and how they shop;
(7)social, political and economic risks to our foreign or domestic manufacturing, distribution and retail operations, including changes in foreign investment and trade policies and regulations of the host countries and of the united states;
(8)changes in the laws, regulations and policies (including the interpretations and enforcement thereof) that affect, or will affect, our business, including those relating to our products or distribution networks, changes in accounting standards, tax laws and regulations, environmental or climate change laws, regulations or accords, trade rules and customs regulations, and the outcome and expense of legal or regulatory proceedings, and any action we may take as a result;
(9)foreign currency fluctuations affecting our results of operations and the value of our foreign assets, the relative prices at which we and our foreign competitors sell products in the same markets and our operating and manufacturing costs outside of the united states;
(10)changes in global or local conditions, including those due to volatility in the global credit and equity markets, natural or man-made disasters, real or perceived epidemics, supply chain challenges, inflation, or increased energy costs, that could affect consumer purchasing, the willingness or ability of consumers to travel and/or purchase our products while traveling, the financial strength of our customers, suppliers or other contract counterparties, our operations, the cost and availability of capital which we may need for new equipment, facilities or acquisitions, the returns that we are able to generate on our pension assets and the resulting impact on funding obligations, the cost and availability of raw materials and the assumptions underlying our critical accounting estimates;
(11)impacts attributable to the covid-19 pandemic, including disruptions to our global business;
(12)shipment delays, commodity pricing, depletion of inventory and increased production costs resulting from disruptions of operations at any of the facilities that manufacture our products or at our distribution or inventory centers, including disruptions that may be caused by the implementation of information technology initiatives, or by restructurings;
(13)real estate rates and availability, which may affect our ability to increase or maintain the number of retail locations at which we sell our products and the costs associated with our other facilities;
(14)changes in product mix to products which are less profitable;
(15)our ability to acquire, develop or implement new information technology, including operational technology and websites, on a timely basis and within our cost estimates; to maintain continuous operations of our new and existing information technology; and to secure the data and other information that may be stored in such technologies or other systems or media;
(16)our ability to capitalize on opportunities for improved efficiency, such as publicly-announced strategies and restructuring and cost-savings initiatives, and to integrate acquired businesses and realize value therefrom;
(18)the timing and impact of acquisitions, investments and divestitures; and
(19)additional factors as described in our filings with the securities and exchange commission, including this annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2023.
we assume no responsibility to update forward-looking statements made herein or otherwise.