item 1a.    risk factors.
index to risk factors section                                     page litigation and regulatory risks company and operational risks                 16
the discussion below identifies certain representative risks that might cause our actual business results to materially differ from our estimates. it is not practical to identify or describe all risks and uncertainties that might materially impact our business operations, reputation, financial position, or results of operations. our business could be materially affected by risks that we have not yet identified or that we currently consider to be immaterial. this is not a complete discussion of all potential risks and uncertainties.
litigation and regulatory risks we experience costly and disruptive legal disputes.
we are routinely named as a defendant in litigation or regulatory proceedings and other legal disputes, which may include asserted class action litigation, such as those described in financial note 17, "commitments and contingent liabilities," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. regulatory proceedings involve allegations such as false claims, healthcare fraud and abuse, and antitrust violations. civil litigation proceedings involve commercial, employment, environmental, intellectual property, tort, and other claims. despite valid defenses that we assert, legal disputes are often costly, time-consuming, distracting to management, and disruptive to normal business operations. the uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved legal disputes might harm our business and reputation even if the matter ultimately is favorably resolved. the outcome of legal disputes is difficult to predict, and outcomes may occur that we believe are not justified by the evidence or existing law. outcomes include monetary damages, penalties and fines, and injunctive or other relief that requires us to change our business operations and incur significant expense. accordingly, legal disputes might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations.
our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution, manufacturing, dispensing, and administration of pharmaceuticals and medical-surgical supplies, the provision of ancillary services, the conduct of our payer businesses, practice support services, and the provision of products that assist clinical decision-making and relate to patient medical histories and treatment plans. for example, pharmacy operations are exposed to risks such as improper filling of prescriptions, mislabeling of prescriptions, inadequacy of warnings, unintentional distribution of counterfeit drugs, and expiration of drugs. although we seek to maintain adequate insurance coverage, such as property insurance for inventory and professional and general liability insurance, coverages on acceptable terms might be unavailable, or coverages might not cover our losses. we generally seek to limit our contractual exposure, but limitations of liability or indemnity provisions in our contracts may not be enforceable or adequately protect us from liability. uninsured or non-indemnified losses might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
item 1a index mckesson corporation we experience costly legal disputes, government actions, and adverse publicity regarding our role in distributing controlled substances such as opioids.
the company is a defendant in many litigation matters alleging claims related to the distribution of controlled substances (opioids), as described in financial note 17, "commitments and contingent liabilities," to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. we are sometimes named as a defendant in similar, new cases. the plaintiffs in those cases include governmental entities (such as states, provinces, counties, and municipalities) as well as businesses, groups, and individuals. the cases allege violations of controlled substance laws and other laws, and they make common law claims such as negligence and public nuisance. many of these cases raise novel theories of liability and can have unexpected outcomes that we believe are not justified by evidence or existing law. legal proceedings such as these often involve significant expense, management time and distraction, and risk of loss that can be difficult to predict or quantify. it is not uncommon for claims to be resolved over many years. outcomes include monetary damages, penalties and fines, and injunctive or other relief that requires us to change our business operations and incur significant expense. although the company has valid defenses and is vigorously defending itself, some proceedings have been and others may be resolved by negotiated outcome. for example, we are subject to consent decrees issued by state courts that govern our distribution of controlled substances. not all proceedings, however, are resolved by settlement. our reputation has been and may continue to be impacted by publicity regarding opioids litigation and related allegations. an adverse outcome of any such legal proceedings might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
legislative, regulatory, or industry measures related to the distribution of controlled substances such as prescription opioids could affect our business in ways that we may not be able to predict. for example, some states have passed legislation that could require us to pay taxes or assessments on the distribution of opioid medications in those states and other states have considered similar legislation. liabilities for taxes or assessments or other costs of compliance under any such laws might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations.
as described in "government regulation" in item 1 of part i above, our industry is highly regulated, and further regulation of our distribution businesses, technology products, and services could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins and the profit margins of our customers, delay the introduction or implementation of our new products, or otherwise negatively impact our business and expose the company to litigation and regulatory investigations. we incur cleanup costs under environmental laws and may incur additional costs under environmental laws. additionally, we are subject to various routine and ad hoc inspections and requests for information by government agencies to determine compliance with various statutes and regulations. any noncompliance by us with applicable laws or the failure to maintain, renew, or obtain necessary permits and licenses could lead to enforcement actions or litigation and might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
as described in "government regulation" in item 1 of part i above, federal, state, and local governmental entities in the u.s. and elsewhere continue to strengthen their position and scrutiny over practices that may indicate fraud, waste, and abuse affecting government healthcare programs such as medicare and medicaid. those laws may be interpreted or applied in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations at added expense. failures to comply with those laws, including the federal anti-kickback statute, might expose us to federal or state government investigations or qui tam actions, and to liability for damages and civil and criminal penalties. such failures might result in the loss of licenses or our ability to participate in medicare, medicaid, or other federal and state healthcare programs, or pursue government contracts. these sanctions might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
item 1a index mckesson corporation we might lose our ability to purchase, compound, store, or distribute pharmaceuticals and controlled substances.
as described in "government regulation" in item 1 of part i above, we are subject to the operating, quality, regulatory, and security requirements of the dea, the fda, various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, the cms, and other comparable agencies. noncompliance with these requirements can result in inspectional observations, warning letters, product recalls, seizures, injunctions, and other administrative, civil, and criminal enforcement actions. noncompliance, enforcement actions, or adverse decisions by regulators, or the inability to obtain, maintain, or renew permits, licenses, or other regulatory approvals needed for the operation of our businesses might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity laws increase our compliance burden.
as described in "government regulation" in item 1 of part i above, we are subject to a variety of privacy and data protection laws that change frequently and have requirements that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. failure to comply with these laws subjects us to potential regulatory enforcement activity, fines, private litigation including class actions, reputational impacts, and other costs. we also have contractual obligations that might be breached if we fail to comply with privacy and data security laws. our efforts to comply with privacy and data security laws complicate our operations and add to our costs. a significant privacy breach or failure to comply with privacy and data security laws, by us or by external service providers, vendors, or other third parties with which we do business, might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations.
we are subject to laws prohibiting improper payments and bribery, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act, and similar regulations in other jurisdictions. our failure to comply with these laws might subject us to civil and criminal penalties that might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations.
we are required under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to test our goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. indicators that are considered include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic trends, or a significant decline in the company's stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. in addition, we periodically review our intangible and other long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances, such as a divestiture, indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our intangible and other long-lived assets may not be recoverable include slower growth rates, the loss of a significant customer, burdensome new laws, or divestiture of a business or asset for less than its carrying value. there are inherent uncertainties in management's estimates, judgments, and assumptions used in assessing recoverability of goodwill, intangibles, and other long-lived assets. any material changes in key assumptions, including failure to meet business plans, negative changes in government reimbursement rates, a deterioration in the u.s. and global financial markets, an increase in interest rates, an increase in inflation, or an increase in the cost of equity financing by market participants within the industry, or other unanticipated events and circumstances, may decrease the projected cash flows or increase the discount rates and could potentially result in an impairment charge. we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible and other long-lived assets is determined, which might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
item 1a index mckesson corporation we experience cybersecurity incidents that might significantly compromise our technology systems or might result in material data breaches.
we, our external service providers, vendors, and other third parties with which we do business, use technology and systems to perform our business operations, such as the secure electronic transmission, processing, storage, and hosting of sensitive information, including protected health information and other types of personal information, confidential financial information, proprietary information, and other sensitive information relating to our customers, company, and workforce. despite conducting our own physical, technical, and administrative security measures as well as third party risk management processes as discussed in "cybersecurity" in item 1c of part i below, technology systems and operations of the company and third parties, including our external service providers and vendors, with which we do business have experienced cybersecurity incidents and are subject to future cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents. cybersecurity incidents include unauthorized occurrences on or conducted through our or our third parties' information systems, such as tampering, malware insertion, ransomware attacks, or other system integrity events. the risk and efficacy of cyberattacks increases from time to time due to a variety of internal and external factors, including the adoption of sophisticated and rapidly evolving techniques, such as adversarial ai, and during political tensions, military conflicts, or civil unrest. a cybersecurity incident might involve a material data breach or other material impact to the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and operations of our technology systems or data, which might result in harm to patients, consumers, or employees; litigation or regulatory action; disruption of our business operations; loss of customers or revenue; cash flow impacts; and increased expense. any of these scenarios might have a materially adverse impact on our business, our reputation, and our financial position or results of operations.
we experience significant problems with information systems or networks.
we rely on sophisticated information systems and networks to perform our business operations, such as to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data that facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from distribution centers. we provide remote services that involve hosting customer data and operating software on our own or third-party systems. our customers rely on their ability to access and use these systems and their data as needed. the networks and hosting systems are vulnerable to interruption or damage from sources beyond our control, such as power loss, telecommunications failures, fire, natural disasters, including as a result of climate change, software and hardware failures, and cybersecurity incidents. if those information systems or networks suffer errors, interruptions, or become unavailable, or if the timely delivery of medical care or other customer business requirements are impaired by data access, network, or systems problems, we might experience injury to patients or consumers, litigation or regulatory action, disruption of our business operations, loss of customers or revenue, cash flow impacts, and increased expense. any such problems might have a materially adverse impact on our business, our reputation, and our financial position or results of operations.
we sell and provide services involving complex software and technology that may contain errors, especially when first introduced to market. healthcare professionals delivering patient care tend to have heightened sensitivity to system and software errors. if our software and technology services are alleged to have contributed to faulty clinical decisions, compromised continuity of patient care, or injury to patients, we might be subject to regulatory scrutiny, claims or litigation by users of our software or services and/or their patients. errors or failures might damage our reputation and negatively affect future sales. a failure of a system or software to conform to specifications might constitute a breach of warranty that could result in repair costs, contract termination, refunds of amounts previously paid, or claims for damages. these risks can be heightened upon the adoption of rapid evolution or new technologies, including ai, and may introduce new or expanded risks, such as data inaccuracy, unreliability, or bias. any of these types of errors or failures might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations.
we distribute pharmaceutical, medical, and other fda-regulated products manufactured by third parties and by our private label businesses, including medications that may be temperature sensitive and have limited shelf lives. our systems and procedures are designed to maintain the safety and efficacy of the products throughout the sourcing and distribution process. issues affecting product efficacy or safety can arise from manufacturing, storing, distributing, dispensing or using products, and can result in safety alerts, recalls, regulatory action, civil lawsuits, fines or other sanctions, and reputational damage. any of these types of issues or results might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations.
item 1a index mckesson corporation we might not realize expected benefits from business process initiatives.
we may implement restructuring, cost reduction, or other business process initiatives that might result in significant charges and expenses, failures to achieve our desired objectives, or unintended consequences such as distraction of our management and employees, business disruption, attrition beyond any planned reduction in workforce, inability to attract or retain key personnel and reduced employee productivity. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
we might be unable to successfully complete or integrate acquisitions or other business combinations.
our growth strategy includes consummating acquisitions or other business combinations that either expand or complement our business. to fund acquisitions, we may require financing that may not be available on acceptable terms. we may not receive regulatory approvals needed to complete proposed transactions, or such approvals may be subject to delays or conditions that reduce transaction benefits. achieving the desired outcomes of business combinations involves significant risks including: diverting management's attention from other business operations; challenges with assimilating the acquired businesses, such as integration of operations, systems, and technologies; failure or delay in realizing operating synergies; difficulty retaining key acquired company personnel; unanticipated accounting or financial systems issues with the acquired business, which might affect our internal controls over financial reporting; unanticipated compliance issues in the acquired business; unknown or unanticipated cybersecurity issues; challenges retaining customers of the acquired business; unanticipated expenses or charges to earnings, including depreciation and amortization or potential impairment charges; and risks of known and unknown assumed liabilities in the acquired business. any of these risks could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of an acquisition and might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
we might be adversely impacted by delays or other difficulties with divestitures.
when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or exit strategies on acceptable terms or in a timely manner, which could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. after the disposition, we might experience greater dissynergies than expected, and the impact of the divestiture on our revenue or profit might be larger than we expected. we might have difficulties with pre-closing conditions such as regulatory and governmental approvals, which could delay or prevent the divestiture. we might have financial exposure in a divested business, such as through minority equity ownership, financial or performance guarantees, indemnities, or other obligations, such that conditions outside of our control might negate the expected benefits of the disposition. any of these risks could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of a divestiture and might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
we might not realize the expected tax treatment from our split-off of change healthcare.
on march 10, 2020, the company completed a separation of its interest in change healthcare llc ("change healthcare jv"). the divestiture was effected through the split-off of pf2 spinco, inc. ("spinco"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the company that held all of the company's interest in the change healthcare jv, to certain of the company's stockholders through an exchange offer (the "exchange offer"), followed by a merger of spinco with and into change healthcare inc. ("change"), with change surviving the merger (the "merger" and, together with the exchange offer, the "transactions"). the company received an opinion from outside legal counsel to the effect that the transactions qualified as generally tax-free transactions to the company and its shareholders for u.s. federal income tax purposes. an opinion of legal counsel is not binding on the internal revenue service (the "irs") or the courts, and the irs or the courts may not agree with the intended tax-free treatment of the transactions. in addition, the opinion could not be relied upon if certain assumptions, representations, and undertakings upon which the opinion was based are materially inaccurate or incomplete, or are violated in any material respect. if the intended tax-free treatment of the transactions is not sustained, the company and its stockholders who participated in the transactions may be required to pay substantial u.s. federal income taxes. in connection with the transactions, the company, spinco, change, and the change healthcare jv entered into the tax matters agreement, which governs their respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, tax contests, and other tax sharing regarding u.s. federal, state, and local, and non-u.s. taxes, other tax matters, and related tax returns. under the tax matters agreement, change is required to indemnify the company if the transactions become taxable as a result of certain actions by change or spinco, or as a result of certain changes in ownership of the stock of change after the merger. if change does not honor its obligations to indemnify the company, or if the transactions fail to qualify for the intended tax-free treatment for reasons not related to a disqualifying action by change or spinco, the resulting tax to the company could have a significant adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
item 1a index mckesson corporation we might be adversely impacted by outsourcing or similar third-party relationships.
we rely on third parties to perform certain business and administrative functions for us. we might not adequately develop, implement, and monitor these outsourced service providers, and we might not realize expected cost savings or other benefits. third-party services providers experience cybersecurity incidents and can fail to perform their obligations due to various causes, which might cause us to incur operational difficulties, additional compliance requirements, or increased costs related to outsourced services. for example, our ability to use outsourcing resources in certain jurisdictions might be limited by legislative action or customer contracts, with the result that the work must be performed at greater expense or we may be subject to sanctions for non-compliance. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
our business strategy as a diversified healthcare services company includes investing to build an integrated oncology service business and expand our biopharma services business. our ability to grow those businesses will depend on our: hiring and retaining talented individuals with necessary knowledge and skills; acquiring, developing, and implementing new technologies and capabilities; forming and expanding business relationships; and successfully competing against providers of similar services. new technologies may not result in the benefits we anticipate or enable us to maintain a competitive advantage. ai technology is continuously evolving, and the ai technologies we employ may become obsolete earlier than planned. additionally, some historical competitors and a growing number of new competitive entrants have more experience than we do in enabling technologies such as data analytics, machine learning, or ai.
we may not achieve our desired return on our investments through our growth strategies. if we fail to achieve acceptable sales and profitability in our strategic growth areas, it might have a materially adverse impact on our business prospects and our financial position or results of operations.
some of our customers from time to time reduce the amounts they purchase from us, do not renew their purchase contracts with us, delay or default on their payments to us, or avoid payments to us through bankruptcy proceedings. at march 31, 2024, sales to our largest customer represented approximately 28% of our total consolidated revenues and approximately 24% of our total trade receivables, and those of our ten largest customers combined accounted for approximately 69% of our consolidated revenues and approximately 43% of our trade receivables. refer to "other information about the business" in item 1 of part i above for additional details on our customers. one or more customer purchase reductions, contract non-renewals, payment defaults, or bankruptcies might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
our contracts with government entities involve future funding and compliance risks.
our contracts with government entities are subject to risks such as lack of funding and compliance with unique requirements. for example, government contract purchase obligations are typically subject to the availability of funding, which may be eliminated or reduced. in addition, the future volume of products or services purchased by a government customer is often uncertain. our government contracts might not be renewed or might be terminated for convenience with little prior notice. government contracts typically expose us to higher potential liability than do other types of contracts. in addition, government contracts typically are subject to procurement laws that include socio-economic, employment practices, environmental protection, recordkeeping and accounting, and other requirements. for example, our contracts with the u.s. government generally require us to comply with the federal acquisition regulations, procurement integrity act, buy american act, trade agreements act, and other laws and regulations. we are subject to government audits, investigations, and oversight proceedings. government agencies routinely review and audit government contractors to determine whether they are complying with contractual and legal requirements. if we fail to comply with these requirements, or we fail an audit, we may be subject to various sanctions such as monetary damages, criminal and civil penalties, termination of contracts, and suspension or debarment from government contract work. these requirements complicate our business and increase our compliance burden. the occurrence of any of these risks could harm our reputation and might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
item 1a index mckesson corporation we might be harmed by changes in our relationships or contracts with suppliers.
we attempt to structure our pharmaceutical distribution agreements with manufacturers to ensure that we are appropriately and predictably compensated for the services we provide. certain distribution agreements with manufacturers include pharmaceutical price inflation as a component of our consideration, and we cannot control the frequency or magnitude of pharmaceutical price changes. laws limiting or reducing pharmaceutical prices, and changes to manufacturers' pricing policies or practices as a result of changing laws, impact our distribution agreements. we might be unable to renew pharmaceutical distribution agreements with manufacturers in a timely and favorable manner. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
we believe that our products and services do not infringe the proprietary rights of third parties, but third parties have asserted infringement claims against us and may do so in the future. if a court were to hold that we infringed other's rights, we might be required to pay substantial damages, develop non-infringing products or services, obtain a license, stop selling or using the infringing products or services, or incur other sanctions. we rely on trade secret, patent, copyright, and trademark laws, nondisclosure obligations, and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our proprietary rights in our products and solutions. we might initiate costly and time-consuming litigation to protect our trade secrets, to enforce our patent, copyright, and trademark rights and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. our intellectual property protection efforts might be inadequate to protect our rights. our competitors might develop non-infringing products or services equivalent or superior to ours. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
our use of third-party data is subject to limitations that could impede the growth of our data services business.
we attempt to structure our diligence processes to satisfy contractual and other operative data usage rights and limitations associated with customer, industry partners, and other third-party data flowing through our businesses. these rights and limitations can apply to confidential commercial data and personal data provided to us. failure to satisfy these data usage rights and limitations can lead to legal claims such as contractual breaches or privacy law violations. if a court were to hold that our use of data is not consistent with our rights and limitations, we might be required to pay substantial damages; we might need to stop using, sharing, and/or selling certain products and services; or we might incur other financial, legal, and/or reputational consequences. in addition, in order to reach our data strategy growth and ai objectives, we might be unable to negotiate and/or obtain at an acceptable cost the data usage rights needed to advance such goals. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
we might be unable to successfully recruit and retain qualified employees.
our ability to attract, engage, develop, and retain qualified and experienced employees, including key executives and other talent, is essential for us to meet our objectives. we compete with many other businesses to attract and retain employees. competition among potential employers results in increased salaries, benefits, or other employee-related costs, or in our failure to recruit and retain employees. we may experience sudden loss of key personnel due to a variety of causes, such as illness, and must adequately plan for succession of key management roles. employees might not successfully transition into new roles. separately, there is increased scrutiny on companies' diversity, equity, and inclusion ("dei") initiatives. negative perception of our dei initiatives, whether due to our perceived over or under pursuit of such initiatives, may likewise result in issues hiring or retaining employees, as well as potential litigation or other adverse impacts. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
item 1a index mckesson corporation industry and economic risks we might be adversely impacted by healthcare reform such as changes in pricing and reimbursement models.
many of our products and services are designed and intended to function within the structure of current healthcare financing and reimbursement systems. the healthcare industry and related government programs are changing. some of these changes increase our risks and create uncertainties for our business.
for example, some changes in reimbursement methodologies (including government rates) for pharmaceuticals, medical treatments, and related services reduce profit margins for us and our customers and impose new legal requirements on healthcare providers. those changes have included cuts in medicare and medicaid reimbursement levels, changes in the basis for payments, shifts from fee-for-service pricing towards value-based payments and risk-sharing models, and increases in the use of managed care.
in the u.s., the aca significantly expanded health insurance coverage to uninsured americans and changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private payors. enactment of the ira and its implementation over the next several years is anticipated to bring meaningful changes in how medicare pays for drugs and various benefit design changes, which are all intended to reduce the price of drugs. three central features of the ira would authorize the government to negotiate drug prices for certain parts b and d drugs over time, establish an inflationary rebate program, and cap patient cost sharing under medicare part d. the implementation of these and other features of the ira may result in significant changes to the pharmaceutical value chain as manufacturers, pharmacy benefit managers, managed care organizations, and other industry stakeholders look to implement new transactional flows and adapt their business models. any such changes to arrangements involving our business as a result of this legislation, such as changes to our distribution agreements with manufacturers impacted by the ira, may materially affect our business. the extent of the effects of the ira remains uncertain due to a number of factors, including the potential for future regulations and guidance promulgated by hhs to implement provisions of the ira. we continue to evaluate the impact of this law on our business.
private challenges to government healthcare policy may also have significant impacts on our business. for example, many pharmaceutical manufacturers have unilaterally restricted sales under the 340b drug pricing program to contract pharmacies. the 340b drug pricing program requires manufacturers to offer discounts on certain drugs purchased by "covered entities," which include safety-net providers. the health resources and services administration has taken the position that a covered entity may dispense such discounted drugs through multiple contract pharmacies. starting in 2020, some manufacturers began to restrict such practices. some manufacturers and hhs continue to litigate these issues. the u.s. court of appeals for the third circuit has ruled that section 340b does not require manufacturers to provide discounted drugs to an unlimited number of contract pharmacies. two other courts of appeal are addressing this issue but have not yet ruled. any changes to our arrangements that result from the rulings in these cases might have an adverse impact on our business.
although there is substantial uncertainty about the likelihood, timing, and results of these health reform efforts, their implementation might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
item 1a index mckesson corporation we might be adversely impacted by competition and industry consolidation.
our businesses face a highly competitive global environment with strong competition from international, national, regional, and local full-line, short-line, and specialty distributors, service merchandisers, self-warehousing chain drug stores, manufacturers engaged in direct distribution, third-party logistics companies, and large payer organizations. in addition, our businesses face competition from various other service providers and from pharmaceutical and other healthcare manufacturers as well as other potential customers, which may from time-to-time decide to develop, for their own internal needs, supply management capabilities that might otherwise be provided by our businesses. we also may face competition from companies that move faster to adopt emerging technologies. due to consolidation, a few large suppliers control a significant share of the pharmaceuticals market. this concentration reduces our ability to negotiate favorable terms with suppliers and causes us to depend on a smaller number of suppliers. many of our customers, including healthcare organizations, have consolidated or joined group purchasing organizations and have greater power to negotiate favorable prices. consolidation by our customers, suppliers, and competitors might reduce the number of market participants and give the remaining enterprises greater bargaining power, which might lead to erosion in our profit margin. consolidation might increase counter-party credit risk because credit purchases increase for fewer market participants. these competitive pressures and industry consolidation might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
we experience difficulties and delays in sourcing and selling products due to a variety of causes, from time to time, such as: difficulties in complying with the legal requirements for export or import of pharmaceuticals or components; suppliers' failure to satisfy production demand; manufacturing or supply problems such as inadequate resources; new innovative therapies that are expensive, complex, and fast-growing; product rationalization; and real or perceived quality issues. for example, the fda banned certain manufacturers from selling raw materials and drug ingredients or finished goods in the u.s. due to quality issues. difficulties in product manufacturing or access to raw materials or finished goods could result in supplier production shutdowns, product shortages, and other supply disruptions.
supply interruptions are often due to a variety of causes over which we have no control, such as export controls or trade sanctions, labor disputes, unavailability of key manufacturing sites, inability to procure raw materials or finished goods, quality control concerns, ethical sourcing issues, supplier's financial distress or bankruptcy, natural disasters, including as a result of climate change, civil unrest or acts of war, the impact of epidemics or pandemics, and other general supply constraints. in these situations there may be no alternative sources of supply. our inventory might be requisitioned, diverted, or allocated by government order such as under emergency, disaster, and civil defense declarations. changes in the healthcare industry's or our suppliers' pricing, selling, inventory, distribution, or supply policies or practices could significantly reduce our revenues and net income. any of these changes or disruptions might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
our generic pharmaceuticals distribution business is subject to both availability and pricing risks. we might experience disruptions in our supply of higher margin pharmaceuticals, including generic pharmaceuticals. we have been impacted when, due to regulatory and supply chain challenges, our supplier partners are not able to deliver products that we have committed to purchase and source from them. input cost increases and market shortages could result in clarusone, our joint venture with walmart inc., being unsuccessful in sourcing product to meet the needs of our customers, or negatively impacting our margin. generic drug manufacturers offer a generic version of branded pharmaceuticals and routinely challenge the validity or enforceability of branded pharmaceutical patents in order to launch the drug pre- or post-loss of exclusivity. patent holders have asserted infringement claims against us for distributing those generic versions they believed to have infringed a patent, and the generic drug manufactures may not fully indemnify us against such claims. these risks and outcomes, as well as changes in the availability, pricing volatility, regulatory, or significant changes in the nature, frequency, or magnitude of generic pharmaceutical launches, might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
item 1a index mckesson corporation we might be adversely impacted by changes in the economic environments in which we operate, including from inflation, an economic slowdown, or a recession.
inflationary conditions result in increased transportation, operational, and other administrative costs associated with our normal business operations and decreased levels of consumer commercial spending and, to the extent we are not able to offset such cost increases from our suppliers, increase the costs which we incur to purchase inventories and services. inflationary pressure is increased by factors such as supply chain disruptions, including the reduced availability of key commodities, labor market tightness, and government policies that lower interest rates or do not raise them sufficiently to counteract inflation. an economic slowdown or a recession could reduce the prices our customers are able or willing to pay for our products and services and reduce the volume of their purchases. in addition to rising inflation, rising interest rates, the impact of banking failures or perceived failures and related contagion, political tensions, military conflicts, and civil unrest may contribute to recessionary pressure. changes in the economic environments in which we operate might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
changes affecting capital and credit markets might impede access to credit, increase borrowing costs, and disrupt banking services for us and our customers and suppliers and might impair the financial soundness of our customers and suppliers.
volatility and disruption in global capital and credit markets, including the bankruptcy or restructuring of certain financial institutions, reduced lending activity by financial institutions, reduced creditworthiness of our customers or suppliers, or decreased liquidity and increased costs in the commercial paper market, might adversely affect the borrowing ability and cost of borrowing for us and our customers and suppliers. we generally sell our products and services under short-term unsecured credit arrangements. an adverse change in general or entity specific economic conditions or access to capital might cause our customers to reduce their purchases from us, or delay or fail paying amounts owed to us. suppliers might increase their prices, reduce their output, or change their terms of sale due to limited availability of credit. suppliers might be unable to make payments due to us for fees, returned products, or incentives. interest rate increases or changes in capital market conditions, including as a result of macroeconomic events, might impede our or our customers' or suppliers' ability or cost to obtain credit. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
we might be adversely impacted by tax legislation or challenges to our tax positions.
we are subject to the tax laws in the u.s. at the federal, state, and local government levels and to the tax laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate or sell products or services. tax laws might change in ways that adversely affect our tax positions, effective tax rate, and cash flow. the tax laws are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. for example, the european union and other countries (including countries in which we operate) have committed to enacting changes to numerous long-standing tax principles impacting how large multinational enterprises are taxed. in particular, the organization for economic cooperation and development's pillar two initiative introduces a 15% global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis which many jurisdictions have now committed to enact. the impact of these potential new regulations as well as any other changes in domestic and international tax regulations could have a material effect on our effective tax rate. we are subject to tax examinations in various jurisdictions that might assess additional tax liabilities against us. our tax reporting positions are sometimes challenged by relevant tax authorities, we might incur significant expense in our efforts to defend those challenges, and we might be unsuccessful in those efforts. developments in examinations and challenges might materially change our provision for taxes in the affected periods and might differ materially from our historical tax accruals. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations, our cash flows, and our financial position or results of operations.
we conduct our business in various currencies, including the u.s. dollar, canadian dollar, euro, and british pound sterling. changes in foreign currency exchange rates could reduce our revenues, increase our costs, or otherwise adversely affect our financial results reported in u.s. dollars. for example, we are exposed to transactional currency exchange risk due to our import and export of products that are purchased or sold in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. we also have currency exchange risk due to intercompany loans denominated in various currencies. currency exchange rates and their volatility are affected by factors outside of our control, such as political tensions, military conflicts, and civil unrest. we may from time to time enter into foreign currency contracts, foreign currency borrowings, or other techniques intended to hedge a portion of our foreign currency exchange rate risks. these hedging activities may not completely offset the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates during the time the hedges are in place. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
item 1a index mckesson corporation general risks we are adversely impacted by events outside of our control, such as widespread public health issues, natural disasters, political events, and other catastrophic events.
we might be adversely affected by events outside of our control, including: widespread public health issues, such as epidemic or pandemic infectious diseases; natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods, or severe weather, including as a result of climate change; political events such as terrorism, political tensions, military conflicts, civil unrest, and trade wars; and by other catastrophic events. these events can disrupt operations for us, our suppliers, our vendors, and our customers, as well as impair product manufacturing, supply, and transport availability and cost in unpredictable ways that depend on highly uncertain future developments. they might affect consumer confidence levels and spending or the availability of certain goods or commodities. in response to these types of events, we might suspend operations, implement extraordinary procedures, seek alternate sources for product supply, or suffer consequences that are unexpected and difficult to mitigate. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
the long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict and may be widespread. the impacts may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes), costs for critical services (such as transportation costs), and other adverse effects. the effects could impair, for example, the availability and cost of certain products, commodities, transportation, and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services, and transport those goods, required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. we bear losses incurred as a result of, for example, physical damage to or destruction of our facilities (such as distribution or fulfillment centers), loss or spoilage of inventory due to unusual ambient temperatures, and business interruption due to weather events that may be attributable to climate change. these events and impacts could have a materially adversely impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operation.
governance issues and regulations, including those related to social issues, climate change, and sustainability, and stakeholder response thereto may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation.
companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their sustainability and governance practices and policies. the landscape related to such regulation, compliance, and reporting is constantly evolving, including expanding in scope and complexity. for example, the sec and the state of california have adopted laws that we anticipate will require significantly increased disclosures related to climate change. there are also proposed regulations, including federal acquisition regulations, which may impose additional and more expansive requirements. we may experience significant costs associated with regulatory compliance for sustainability and governance matters, including fees, licenses, reporting, and the cost of capital improvements for our operating facilities to meet environmental regulatory requirements. increased focus and activism related to these topics may hinder our access to capital or negatively impact our stock price, as investors may reconsider their capital investment based on their assessment of our sustainability and governance practices and policies. in particular, investor advocacy groups, institutional investors, stockholders, employees, customers, regulators, proxy advisory services, and other market participants have increasingly focused on governance and sustainability practices and policies of companies. if our governance and sustainability practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations, standards, or evolving frameworks and regulatory requirements, our stock price, brand, sales, ability to access capital markets, reputation, and employee retention, among other things, may be negatively affected.
in addition, from time to time we make statements regarding our sustainability goals and efforts. although we intend to meet these goals, we may be required to expend significant resources to do so, which could increase our operational costs. in addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of these goals, or for any revisions to our goals. moreover, we may determine that it is in the best interest of our company and our stockholders to prioritize other business, social, governance, or sustainable investments over the achievement of our current goals based on economic, technological developments, regulatory and social factors, business strategy, or pressure from investors, activist groups, or other stakeholders.
item 1a index mckesson corporation if we fail to meet our goals or fail to adapt to evolving investor, industry, or stakeholder expectations and standards, our reputation may be harmed. in addition, we could face increased regulatory, reputational, and legal scrutiny as a result of our sustainability-related commitments and disclosures, and we could also face challenges with managing conflicting requirements and our various stakeholders' expectations, among other governance risks that could adversely impact our business and financial results.
exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws could limit our stockholders' ability to choose their preferred judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless the corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for specified legal actions is the court of chancery of the state of delaware or the united states district court for the district of delaware if the court of chancery does not have or declines to accept jurisdiction (collectively, "delaware courts"). current and former stockholders are deemed to have consented to the personal jurisdiction of the delaware courts in connection with any action to enforce that exclusive forum provision and to service of process in any such action. these provisions of the bylaws are not a waiver of, and do not relieve anyone of duties to comply with, federal securities laws including those specifying the exclusive jurisdiction of federal courts under the exchange act and concurrent jurisdiction of federal and state courts under the securities act. to the extent that these provisions of the bylaws limit a current or former stockholder's ability to select a judicial forum other than the delaware courts, they might discourage the specified legal actions, might cause current or former stockholders to incur additional litigation-related expenses, and might result in outcomes unfavorable to current or former stockholders. a court might determine that these provisions of the bylaws are inapplicable or unenforceable in any particular action, in which case we may incur additional litigation related expenses in such action, and the action may result in outcomes unfavorable to us, which could have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
critical accounting estimates                                      43
financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources              48
general management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, referred to as the "financial review," is intended to assist the reader in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of mckesson corporation together with its subsidiaries (collectively, the "company," "mckesson," "we," "our," or "us" and other similar pronouns). this discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying financial notes in item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k ("annual report").
our financial review within this annual report generally discusses fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 results and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. for a discussion of our year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended march 31, 2023, previously filed with the securities and exchange commission on may 9, 2023.
certain statements in this annual report constitute forward-looking statements. see item 1 - business - forward-looking statements in part i of this annual report for additional factors relating to these statements and item 1a - risk factors in part i of this annual report for a list of certain risk factors applicable to our business, financial condition and liquidity, and results of operations.
we are a diversified healthcare services leader dedicated to advancing health outcomes for patients everywhere. our teams partner with biopharma companies, care providers, pharmacies, manufacturers, governments, and others to deliver insights, products, and services to help make quality care more accessible and affordable.
we report our financial results in four reportable segments: u.s. pharmaceutical, prescription technology solutions ("rxts"), medical-surgical solutions, and international. our organizational structure also includes corporate, which consists of income and expenses associated with administrative functions and projects as well as the results of certain investments. the factors for determining the reportable segments include the manner in which management evaluates the performance of the company combined with the nature of individual business activities. we evaluate the performance of our operating segments on a number of measures, including revenues and operating profit before interest expense and income taxes.
u.s. pharmaceutical is a reportable segment that distributes branded, generic, specialty, biosimilar, and over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs and other healthcare-related products in the united states ("u.s."). this segment also provides practice management, technology, clinical support, and business solutions to community-based oncology and other specialty practices. in addition, the segment sells financial, operational, and clinical solutions to pharmacies (retail, hospital, alternate sites) and provides consulting, outsourcing, technological, and other services.
prescription technology solutions is a reportable segment that combines automation and our ability to navigate the healthcare ecosystem to connect patients, pharmacies, providers, pharmacy benefit managers, health plans, and biopharma to address patients' medication access, affordability, and adherence challenges. rxts also offers prescription price transparency, benefit insight, dispensing support services, as well as third-party logistics and wholesale distribution support across various therapeutic categories and temperature ranges to biopharma customers throughout the product lifecycle.
medical-surgical solutions is a reportable segment that provides medical-surgical supply distribution, logistics, and other services to healthcare providers, including physician offices, surgery centers, nursing homes, hospital reference labs, and home health care agencies. this segment offers national brand medical-surgical products as well as mckesson's own line of high-quality products through a network of distribution centers within the u.s.
international is a reportable segment that includes our operations in canada and europe, bringing together non-u.s.-based drug distribution services, specialty pharmacy, retail, and infusion care services. our canadian operations deliver medicines, supplies, and information technology solutions throughout canada and includes rexall health retail pharmacies. during fiscal 2023, we completed transactions to sell certain of our businesses in the european union ("e.u. disposal group"), and our retail and distribution businesses in the united kingdom ("u.k. disposal group"). our remaining operations in europe provide distribution and services to wholesale and retail customers in norway where we own, partner, or franchise with retail pharmacies. refer to financial note 2, "business acquisitions and divestitures," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information regarding these divestiture transactions.
the following summary provides highlights and key factors that impacted our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity for the year ended march 31, 2024:
for the year ended march 31, 2024 compared to the prior year, revenues increased by 12%, gross profit increased by 4%, total operating expenses increased by 12%, and other income, net decreased by $365 million. refer to the "overview of consolidated results" section below for an analysis of these changes;
for the year ended march 31, 2024, we recorded a provision for bad debts of $725 million related to the october 2023 bankruptcy of our customer rite aid corporation (including certain of its subsidiaries, "rite aid"). refer to the rite aid bankruptcy proceedings section of "trends and uncertainties" below;
we received $244 million for the year ended march 31, 2024 related to our share of antitrust legal settlements. this amount was recorded as a gain within "cost of sales" in the consolidated statement of operations within our u.s. pharmaceutical segment;
for the year ended march 31, 2024, we recognized a discrete tax benefit of $157 million related to the release of a valuation allowance based on management's reassessment of the amount of our deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized;
we recorded a charge of $149 million for the year ended march 31, 2024 related to our estimated liability for opioid-related claims as further described in the opioid-related litigation and claims section of "trends and uncertainties" below;
for the year ended march 31, 2024, we also recognized a net discrete tax benefit of $104 million primarily related to the repatriation and sale of certain intellectual property between mckesson wholly-owned legal entities that are based in different tax jurisdictions;
on june 16, 2023, we completed a cash tender offer for any and all of the 2024 notes with a principal amount of $918 million, which was made concurrently with the june 15, 2023 notes offering described above. using a portion of the net proceeds from the june 15, 2023 notes offering described above, we paid an aggregate consideration of $268 million to repurchase $271 million of principal amount of the 2024 notes plus accrued and unpaid interest;
following the consummation of the cash tender offer discussed above, on june 16, 2023, we irrevocably deposited u.s. government obligations with the trustee under the indenture governing the 2024 notes sufficient to fund the payment of accrued and unpaid interest of the remaining $647 million principal amount of the 2024 notes as it became due, and of the principal amount of those 2024 notes on their march 15, 2024 maturity date. refer to financial note 11, "debt and financing activities," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information; and
rite aid bankruptcy proceedings in october 2023, our customer rite aid filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under chapter 11 of the bankruptcy code. as a result, we recorded a provision for bad debts totaling $725 million during the year ended march 31, 2024. the provision for bad debts of $515 million recorded in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 related to uncollected trade accounts receivable from sales to rite aid in october 2023 prior to its bankruptcy petition filing. during the second quarter of fiscal 2024, we recorded a provision for bad debts of $210 million, which represented the uncollected trade accounts receivable balance as of september 30, 2023 due from rite aid. these charges were recorded within "selling, distribution, general, and administrative expenses" in our consolidated statements of operations and included within the u.s. pharmaceutical segment.
we believe the reserves maintained and expenses recorded in fiscal 2024 for rite aid trade accounts receivable are appropriate and consistent with our accounting policy and assessment of the information currently available. we evaluate our reserves periodically and as circumstances warrant which may result in changes to our reserves. for additional disclosure of our policy regarding allowances for credit losses, refer to the "critical accounting estimates" section included in this financial review.
opioid-related litigation and claims as described in the discussion of opioid-related matters in financial note 17, "commitments and contingent liabilities," to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, we are a defendant in many legal proceedings asserting claims related to the distribution of controlled substances (opioids) in federal and state courts throughout the u.s., and in puerto rico and canada. the plaintiffs in these actions have included state attorneys general, county and municipal governments, tribal nations, hospitals, health and welfare funds, third-party payors, and individuals. we believe we have valid legal defenses in all opioid-related matters, including claims not covered by settlement agreements, and we intend to mount a vigorous defense. other than as to the claims described in financial note 17, we have not concluded a loss is probable in any of the matters; nor is any possible loss or range of loss reasonably estimable. an adverse judgment or negotiated resolution in any of these matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, cash flows or liquidity, or results of operations.
the company and two other national distributors are engaged in ongoing settlement discussions with representatives of nationwide groups of acute care hospitals and certain third-party payors. for the year ended march 31, 2024, we recorded a charge of $149 million within "claims and litigation charges, net" in the consolidated statement of operations to reflect our portion of a proposed settlement with a nationwide class of acute care hospitals, of which $75 million was recorded within corporate expenses, net, and $74 million was recorded within u.s. pharmaceutical. the corresponding liability was included within "other accrued liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheet. the mediator proposed settlement is subject to, among other things, agreement on final settlement terms, board approval, court approval, and sufficient participation by hospitals. with respect to the third party payors, we have been engaged in settlement discussions with representatives of a nationwide group of certain third-party payors. those negotiations include a proposal by the mediator for us to pay up to $114 million to resolve the claims of a nationwide class of certain third-party payors. because of the many uncertainties, including the need to negotiate non-financial settlement terms, we have not determined a liability is probable. the claims of remaining u.s. non-governmental plaintiffs are not included in the charge we recorded.
during fiscal 2024, we made payments totaling $544 million associated with various settlement agreements for opioid-related claims of states, subdivisions, and native american tribes. our total estimated liability for opioid-related claims was $6.8 billion as of march 31, 2024, of which $665 million was included within "other accrued liabilities" for the amount estimated to be paid prior to march 31, 2025, and the remaining liability was included in "long-term litigation liabilities" in our consolidated balance sheet.
legislative developments on august 16, 2022, the u.s. government enacted the inflation reduction act of 2022 (the "ira"). among other provisions, the ira includes a 15% corporate minimum tax, a 1% excise tax on certain repurchases of an entity's own common stock after december 31, 2022, and various drug pricing reforms. we do not anticipate that this legislation will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures; however, we continue to evaluate the impact of these legislative changes. refer to financial note 18, "stockholders' equity (deficit)," to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further details regarding excise taxes incurred on our share repurchases during fiscal 2024.
the u.s. federal government and world health organization suspended their respective public health emergencies in regards to the sars-cov-2 coronavirus ("covid-19") in may 2023. in the second quarter of fiscal 2024, we began transitioning the distribution of covid-19 vaccines to commercial channels, the results of which are included primarily within our u.s. pharmaceutical and medical-surgical solutions segments. the impacts from covid-19 related items were not material to revenues and operating profit for fiscal 2024.
gross profit                                                                             12,828                            12,358                                   4
gross profit margin                                                                        4.15        %                     4.47             %                  (32)       bp total operating expenses                                                               $(8,919)                          $(7,977)                                  12       %
revenues revenues increased for the year ended march 31, 2024 compared to the prior year largely due to market growth in our u.s. pharmaceutical segment, including growth in specialty pharmaceuticals and higher volumes largely from retail national account customers. market growth includes growing drug utilization, price increases, and newly launched products, partially offset by price deflation associated with branded to generic drug conversion. this revenue growth was partially offset by lower revenues in our international segment driven by the completed divestitures of our e.u. disposal group.
gross profit gross profit increased for the year ended march 31, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily in our u.s. pharmaceutical segment driven by growth of specialty pharmaceuticals, last-in, first-out ("lifo") inventory credits in fiscal 2024, our share of antitrust legal settlements received in fiscal 2024, and increased contributions from our generics programs, as well as increased contributions from technology services in our rxts segment driven by higher volumes. these increases were partially offset by the completed divestiture of our e.u. disposal group in our international segment.
gross profit for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023 included gains of $244 million and $129 million, respectively, representing our share of antitrust legal settlements. we recognized these amounts within "cost of sales" in the consolidated statements of operations within our u.s. pharmaceutical segment.
gross profit for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023 also included a lifo credit of $157 million and a charge of $1 million, respectively. the lifo credit in fiscal 2024 compared to a charge in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to lower brand inflation, offset by higher brand inventory levels, lower deflation from off patent launch activity, and lower generics deflation. refer to the "critical accounting estimates" section included in this financial review for further information regarding the use of the lifo method of accounting within our u.s. pharmaceutical business.
claims and litigation charges, net: these charges include adjustments for estimated probable settlements related to our controlled substance monitoring and reporting, and opioid-related claims, as well as any applicable income items or credit adjustments due to subsequent changes in estimates. legal fees to defend claims, which are expensed as incurred, are included within sdg&a.
restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net: charges recorded under this component include those incurred for programs in which we change our operations, the scope of a business undertaken by our business units, or the manner in which that business is conducted, as well as long-lived asset impairments.
claims and litigation charges, net                                      147                             (8)                                -
total operating expenses increased and total operating expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased for the year ended march 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. total operating expenses for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023 were affected by the following significant items:
sdg&a includes a provision for bad debts of $725 million related to the bankruptcy of our customer rite aid in october 2023. refer to the rite aid bankruptcy proceedings section of "trends and uncertainties" for further discussion;
sdg&a includes a fair value adjustment gain of $78 million which reduced our contingent consideration liability related to the rxss acquisition, as discussed in more detail in financial note 2, "business acquisitions and divestitures" to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report;
sdg&a was impacted by lower operating expenses from the completed divestiture of our e.u. disposal group in fiscal 2023, as discussed in more detail in financial note 2, "business acquisitions and divestitures," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report;
claims and litigation charges, net primarily consists of a charge of $149 million related to our estimated liability for opioid-related claims as previously discussed in the "trends and uncertainties" section above; and
restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net primarily includes charges related to corporate expenses, net. refer to the "restructuring initiatives and long-lived asset impairments" discussion below as well as financial note 3, "restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information.
sdg&a reflects lower operating expenses due to the completed divestitures of our u.k. and e.u. disposal groups in april 2022 and october 2022, respectively;
sdg&a includes net credits of $66 million associated with the divestiture of our e.u. disposal group in october 2022; and
restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net primarily includes charges related to corporate expenses, net, as well as our rxts segment. refer to the "restructuring initiatives and long-lived asset impairments" discussion below as well as financial note 3, "restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information.
goodwill impairments we evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis in the first fiscal quarter, and at an interim date if indicators of potential impairment exist. the annual impairment testing performed in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 did not indicate any impairment of goodwill, and no goodwill impairment charges were recorded in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. however, other risks, expenses, and future developments, such as government actions, increased regulatory uncertainty, and material changes in key market assumptions limit our ability to estimate projected cash flows, which could adversely affect the fair value of various reporting units in future periods. refer to "critical accounting estimates" included in this financial review for further information.
restructuring initiatives and long-lived asset impairments we recorded restructuring, impairment, and related charges of $115 million and $209 million for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. these charges were included in "restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net" in the consolidated statements of operations.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we approved a broad set of initiatives to drive operational efficiencies and increase cost optimization efforts, with the intent of simplifying our infrastructure and realizing long-term sustainable growth. these initiatives included headcount reductions and the exit or downsizing of certain facilities. we recorded charges of $45 million and $60 million for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023 related to this program, respectively, primarily consisting of employee severance and other employee-related costs within our rxts segment, asset impairments and accelerated depreciation, including certain asset impairments primarily within our u.s. pharmaceutical segment and real estate charges within corporate, as well as facility and other exit-related costs. this restructuring program was substantially complete in fiscal 2024.
a gain of $142 million in fiscal 2023 related to the exit of one of our investments in equity securities held within our u.s. pharmaceutical segment;
a gain of $126 million in fiscal 2023 due to the cash received for the early termination of a tax receivable agreement ("tra") entered into as part of the formation of the joint venture with change healthcare inc. ("change"). this gain was recorded within corporate expenses, net; and
a gain of $97 million in fiscal 2023 from the termination of certain fixed interest rate swaps accounted for as cash flow hedges within corporate expenses, net.
interest expense interest expense increased in fiscal 2024 compared to the prior year primarily due to the impact of higher interest rates on our debt and derivative portfolios, and increased commercial paper borrowings, partially offset by a $9 million gain on debt extinguishment in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. refer to financial note 11, "debt and financing activities," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information. interest expense may fluctuate based on timing, amounts, and interest rates of term debt repaid and new term debt issued, amounts and interest rates of commercial paper borrowings, as well as amounts incurred associated with financing fees.
fluctuations in our reported income tax rates are primarily due to changes in our business mix of earnings between various taxing jurisdictions and recognized discrete tax items. we recognized a net discrete tax benefit of $248 million in fiscal 2024, including $157 million related to the release of a valuation allowance based on management's reassessment of the amount of our deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized and $104 million related to the repatriation and sale of certain intellectual property between mckesson wholly-owned legal entities that are based in different tax jurisdictions. refer to financial note 6, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information.
significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax provision and evaluating income tax uncertainties. although our major taxing jurisdictions include the u.s. and canada, we are subject to income taxes in numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax liabilities reflect management's best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. we believe that we have made adequate provision for all income tax uncertainties.
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, was $3 million for the year ended march 31, 2023. subsequent to our divestiture of the e.u. disposal group in october 2022, we no longer have discontinued operations.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023 primarily represents the proportionate results of third-party equity interests in clarusone sourcing services llp and vantage oncology holdings, llc. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests also includes the proportionate results of third-party equity interest in scri oncology, llc ("scri oncology") from its formation on october 31, 2022.
u.s. pharmaceutical u.s. pharmaceutical revenues for the year ended march 31, 2024 increased $38.1 billion or 16% compared to the prior year. within the segment, sales to pharmacies and institutional healthcare providers increased $34.1 billion and sales to specialty practices and other increased $4 billion. overall, these increases were primarily due to growth in specialty pharmaceuticals, higher volumes from retail national account customers, and branded pharmaceutical price increases, partially offset by branded to generic drug conversions.
medical-surgical solutions medical-surgical solutions revenues for the year ended march 31, 2024 increased $203 million or 2% compared to the prior year. within the segment, sales to primary care customers increased $205 million and sales to extended care customers increased $185 million, driven by underlying business growth. other sales declined $187 million driven by lower contribution from the kitting and distribution of ancillary supplies used to administer covid-19 vaccines.
international international revenues for the year ended march 31, 2024 decreased $6.5 billion or 31% compared to the prior year which included $323 million unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange fluctuations. within the segment, sales in europe declined by $6.8 billion largely due to the completed divestitures of our e.u. disposal group in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. this was partially offset by increased sales in canada of $674 million largely driven by higher pharmaceutical distribution volumes.
segment operating profit and corporate expenses, net:
(dollars in millions)                                                 2024                            2023                                      change segment operating profit (1)
segment operating profit margin u.s. pharmaceutical                                              1.00                   %        1.33             %               (33)              bp prescription technology solutions                               17.51                           12.90                              461
(1)segment operating profit includes gross profit, net of total operating expenses, as well as other income, net, for our reportable segments.
(2)operating profit for our u.s. pharmaceutical segment includes the following:
a provision for bad debts of $725 million for the year ended march 31, 2024 related to the bankruptcy of our customer rite aid in october 2023, as further discussed in the "trends and uncertainties" section above;
cash receipts for our share of antitrust legal settlements of $244 million and $129 million for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively;
a credit of $157 million and a charge of $1 million for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the lifo method of accounting for inventories;
a charge of $74 million for the year ended march 31, 2024 related to our estimated liability for opioid-related claims as previously discussed in the "trends and uncertainties" section; and
a gain of $142 million for the year ended march 31, 2023 related to the exit of one of our investments in equity securities.
(3)operating profit for our rxts segment for the year ended march 31, 2024 includes a fair value adjustment gain of $78 million which reduced our contingent consideration liability related to the rxss acquisition and, for the year ended march 31, 2023, includes restructuring charges of $43 million primarily for severance and employee-related costs, as well as asset impairments and accelerated depreciation, related to restructuring initiatives discussed in more detail in financial note 3, "restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(4)operating profit for our international segment includes charges of $240 million for the year ended march 31, 2023 to remeasure the assets and liabilities of our e.u. disposal group to fair value less costs to sell, as discussed in more detail in financial note 2, "business acquisitions and divestitures," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
a charge of $75 million for the year ended march 31, 2024 related to our estimated liability for opioid-related claims as previously discussed in the "trends and uncertainties" section;
restructuring charges of $55 million and $83 million for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily for restructuring initiatives discussed in more detail in financial note 3, "restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report;
a gain of $306 million for the year ended march 31, 2023 primarily related to the effect of accumulated other comprehensive loss components from our e.u. disposal group, as discussed in more detail in financial note 2, "business acquisitions and divestitures," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report;
a gain of $126 million for the year ended march 31, 2023 related to the cash payment received for the early termination of our tra with change; and md&amp;a index mckesson corporation financial review (continued)
u.s. pharmaceutical operating profit decreased for the year ended march 31, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily due to a provision for bad debts of $725 million related to the bankruptcy of our customer rite aid in october 2023, a charge of $74 million related to our estimated liability for opioid-related claims, a gain of $142 million related to the exit of one of our investments in equity securities in fiscal 2023, and an increase in operating expenses to support higher volumes, partially offset by growth in specialty pharmaceuticals, a lifo credit in fiscal 2024 compared to a charge in the prior year period, an increase in net cash proceeds received representing our share of antitrust legal settlements, and increased contributions from our generics programs.
prescription technology solutions operating profit increased for the year ended march 31, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily driven by increased volumes with new and existing customers, primarily from growth in our access solutions related to prior authorization services, and fair value adjustment gains which reduced our contingent consideration liability related to the rxss acquisition.
medical-surgical solutions operating profit decreased for the year ended march 31, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily due to a lower contribution from kitting and distribution of ancillary supplies for covid-19 vaccines and higher expenses to support business growth, partially offset by growth in our extended and primary care businesses.
international operating profit increased for the year ended march 31, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily as a result of remeasurement charges recorded in the prior year related to the e.u. disposal group, partially offset by lower contributions from the european operations divested in fiscal 2023.
a charge of $75 million related to our estimated liability for opioid-related claims;
a gain in fiscal 2023 related to the cash payment received for the early termination of our tra with change; and
foreign operations our foreign operations represented approximately 5% and 7% of our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. foreign operations are subject to certain risks, including currency fluctuations. refer to item 1a - risk factors in part i of this annual report for a risk factor related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. we monitor our operations and adopt strategies responsive to changes in the economic and political environment in each of the countries in which we operate. we conduct our business worldwide in local currencies, including the canadian dollar and, more significantly prior to our european divestiture activities discussed above, euro and british pound sterling. as a result, the comparability of our results reported in u.s. dollars can be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. in discussing our operating results, we may use the term "foreign currency exchange fluctuations," which refers to the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates used to convert the local currency results of our operations in foreign countries where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar. we present this information to provide a framework for assessing how our business performed excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. in computing the foreign currency exchange fluctuations, we translate our current year results of our operations in foreign countries recorded in local currencies into u.s. dollars by applying their respective average foreign currency exchange rates of the corresponding prior year periods, and we subsequently compare those results to the previously reported results of the comparable prior year periods reported in u.s. dollars.
in july 2021, we announced our intention to exit our businesses in europe. in fiscal 2023, we completed the previously announced sale of our e.u. and u.k. disposal groups and in fiscal 2022 we completed the previously announced sale of our austrian business. refer to financial note 2, "business acquisitions and divestitures," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information on these european divestitures.
additional information regarding our foreign operations is also included in financial note 20, "segments of business," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
business combinations refer to financial note 2, "business acquisitions and divestitures," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information.
fiscal 2025 outlook information regarding the company's fiscal 2025 outlook is contained in the release of our fourth quarter fiscal 2024 financial results included as an exhibit to our form 8-k furnished to the sec on may 7, 2024, which is not incorporated by reference into this annual report. that form 8-k should be read in conjunction with the forward-looking statements in the "trends and uncertainties" section of this financial review, as well as the cautionary statements in item 1 - business - forward-looking statements, and item 1a - risk factors, in part i of this annual report.
critical accounting estimates we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if the estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters based upon past experience and management's judgment that were uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and if different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could have a material impact on our financial condition or results from operations. below are the estimates that we believe are critical to the understanding of our operating results and financial condition. other accounting policies are described in financial note 1, "significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates.
allowances for credit losses: our receivables primarily consist of short-term trade accounts receivable from customers that result from the sale of goods and services. we also provide customer financing arrangements to customers who purchase our products and services. customer financing primarily relates to guarantees provided to our customers, or their creditors, regarding the repurchase of inventories. we also provide financing to certain customers related to the purchase of pharmacies, which serve as collateral for the loans. we estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and specific knowledge regarding the current creditworthiness of our customers and record an allowance in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts.
the company considers historical credit losses, the current economic environment, customer credit ratings, collections on past due amounts, legal disputes, and bankruptcies, as well as reasonable and supportable forecasts to develop its allowance for credit losses. management reviews these factors quarterly to determine if any adjustments are needed to the allowance.
sales to the company's ten largest customers, including group purchasing organizations ("gpos"), accounted for approximately 69% of total consolidated revenues in fiscal 2024 and comprised approximately 43% of total trade accounts receivable at march 31, 2024. sales to our largest customer, cvs health corporation ("cvs"), accounted for approximately 28% of our total consolidated revenues in fiscal 2024 and comprised approximately 24% of total trade accounts receivable at march 31, 2024. as a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. we also have agreements with gpos, each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals, pharmacies and other healthcare providers, as well as with government entities and agencies. the accounts receivable balances are with individual members of the gpos, and therefore no significant concentration of credit risk exists. a material default in payment, a material reduction in purchases from gpos or any other large customers, or the loss of a large customer or gpo could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
reserve methodologies are assessed annually based on historical losses and economic, business, and market trends. in addition, reserves are reviewed quarterly and updated if unusual circumstances or trends are present. we believe the reserves maintained and expenses recorded in fiscal 2024 are appropriate and consistent in the context of historical methodologies employed, as well as assessment of trends currently available.
at march 31, 2024, trade and notes receivables were $19.6 billion prior to allowances of $877 million. our provision for bad debts was $819 million, $45 million, and $29 million in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. at march 31, 2024 and 2023, the allowance as a percentage of trade and notes receivables was 4.5% and 0.7%, respectively. the provision for bad debts for fiscal 2024 includes a charge of $725 million within our u.s. pharmaceutical segment related to the bankruptcy of our customer rite aid, as discussed in the "trends and uncertainties" section of this financial review. this amount represents the uncollected trade accounts receivable balance due from rite aid prior to its bankruptcy petition filing in october 2023. an increase or decrease of a hypothetical 0.1% in the fiscal 2024 allowance as a percentage of trade and notes receivables would result in an increase or decrease in the provision for bad debts of approximately $20 million. the selected 0.1% hypothetical change does not reflect what could be considered the best or worst-case scenarios. additional information concerning our allowances for credit losses may be found in schedule ii included in this annual report.
inventories: inventories consist of merchandise held for resale. we report inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value, except for inventories determined using the lifo method which are valued at the lower of lifo cost or market. the lifo method presumes that the most recent inventory purchases are the first items sold and the inventory cost under lifo approximates market. the majority of the cost of domestic inventories is determined using the lifo method. the majority of the cost of inventories held in foreign and certain domestic locations is based on the first-in, first-out ("fifo") method or weighted-average purchase prices. rebates, cash discounts, and other incentives received from vendors relating to the purchase or distribution of inventory are considered product discounts and are accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold.
in determining whether an inventory valuation allowance is required, we consider various factors including estimated quantities of slow-moving inventory by reviewing on-hand quantities, outstanding purchase obligations, and forecasted sales. shifts in market trends and conditions, changes in customer preferences due to the introduction of generic drugs or new pharmaceutical products, or the loss of one or more significant customers are factors that could affect the value of our inventories. we write down inventories which are considered excess and obsolete as a result of these reviews. these factors could make our estimates of inventory valuation differ from actual results.
at march 31, 2024 and 2023, total inventories, net were $21.1 billion and $19.7 billion, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. the lifo method was used to value approximately 62% and 64% of our inventories at march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. if we had used the moving average method of inventory valuation, inventories would have been approximately $227 million and $384 million higher than the amounts reported at march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. these amounts are equivalent to our lifo reserves. a lifo charge is recognized when the net effect of price increases on pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the impact of price declines, including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. a lifo credit is recognized when the net effect of price declines exceeds the impact of price increases on pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory. we recognized a lifo credit of $157 million in fiscal 2024, a lifo charge of $1 million in fiscal 2023, and a lifo credit of $23 million in fiscal 2022, all within "cost of sales" in our consolidated statements of operations. the lifo credit in fiscal 2024 compared to a lifo charge in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to lower brand inflation, offset by higher brand inventory levels, lower deflation from off patent launch activity, and lower generics deflation. the lifo charge in fiscal 2023 compared to a lifo credit in fiscal 2022 was primarily due to higher brand inflation and lower generics deflation, offset by higher off patent launch activity in fiscal 2023. our lifo valuation amount includes both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products.
business combinations: we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting whereby the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired business, including contingent consideration, as well as any noncontrolling interest in the acquired business, are recorded at their estimated fair values as of the date that we obtain control of the acquired business. any purchase consideration in excess of the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred.
several valuation methods may be used to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. for intangible assets, we typically use a variation of the income approach, whereby a forecast of future cash flows attributable to the asset is discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the income approach include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate selected to measure the risks inherent in the future cash flows, and the assessment of the asset's expected useful life. refer to financial note 2, "business acquisitions and divestitures," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information regarding our acquisitions.
certain business combinations involve the potential for future payments of consideration that is contingent upon the achievement of performance milestones or other agreed-upon events. the liability for the contingent consideration is measured at its fair value as of the acquisition date using unobservable inputs. these inputs include the estimated amount and timing of projected operational and financial information, the probability of achievement of performance milestones or other agreed-upon events, and the risk-adjusted discount rate used to calculate the present value of the probability-weighted projected financial information. contingent liabilities are remeasured to fair value at each reporting date until the liability is resolved with changes in fair value being recognized within "selling, distribution, general, and administrative expenses" in the consolidated statements of operations. changes in any of the inputs may result in a significant adjustment to the fair value.
goodwill as a result of acquiring businesses, we have $10.1 billion and $9.9 billion of goodwill at march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and $2.1 billion and $2.3 billion of intangible assets, net at march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. during the first quarter of fiscal 2023, we voluntarily changed our annual goodwill impairment testing date from october 1st to april 1st to align with a change in the timing of our annual long-term planning process. this change was not material to our consolidated financial statements as it did not delay, accelerate, or avoid any potential goodwill impairment charge.
we perform an impairment test on goodwill balances annually in the first fiscal quarter and more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. indicators that are considered include significant declines in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic trends, or a significant decline in the company's stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time.
goodwill impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as an operating segment or a component, one level below our operating segments, for which discrete financial information is available and where segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that reporting unit.
we apply the goodwill impairment test by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value and an impairment charge is recorded equal to the amount of excess carrying value above the estimated fair value, if any, but not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
to estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we generally use a combination of the market approach and the income approach. under the market approach, we estimate fair value by comparing the business to similar businesses, or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets. under the income approach, we use a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate that is commensurate with the risk inherent within the reporting unit. in addition, we compare the aggregate of the reporting units' fair values to our market capitalization as further corroboration of the reasonableness of our concluded fair values.
estimates of fair value result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions at a point in time. judgments made in determining an estimate of fair value may materially impact our results of operations. the valuations are based on information available as of the impairment testing date and are based on expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management. any material changes in key assumptions, including failure to meet business plans, negative changes in government reimbursement rates, deterioration in the u.s. and global financial markets, an increase in interest rates, or an increase in the cost of equity financing by market participants within the industry, or other unanticipated events and circumstances may decrease the projected cash flows or increase the discount rates and could potentially result in an impairment charge. under the market approach, significant estimates and assumptions also include the selection of appropriate guideline public companies and the determination of appropriate valuation multiples to apply to the reporting unit. under the income approach, significant estimates and assumptions also include the determination of discount rates. the discount rates represent the weighted-average cost of capital measuring the reporting unit's cost of debt and equity financing, which are weighted by the percentage of debt and percentage of equity in a company's target capital structure. included in the estimate of the weighted-average cost of capital is the assumption of an unsystematic risk premium to address incremental uncertainty related to the reporting units' future cash flow projections.
refer to financial note 10, "goodwill and intangible assets, net," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information.
long-lived assets currently, all of our identifiable intangible and other long-lived assets are amortized or depreciated based on the pattern of their economic consumption or a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from one to 30 years. we review intangible and other long-lived assets for impairment at an asset group level whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. determination of recoverability of intangible and other long-lived assets is based on the lowest level of identifiable estimated future undiscounted cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. measurement of any impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset group over its fair value. assumptions and estimates about future values and the remaining useful lives of our purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective. they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts.
our ongoing consideration of all the factors described previously could result in further impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income. refer to financial note 3, "restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information on our long-lived asset impairments.
long-lived assets classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell and are not depreciated or amortized. fair value is determined based on the total consideration expected to be received by the company. the fair value of a disposal group, less any costs to sell, is assessed each reporting period it remains classified as held for sale and any remeasurement to the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell is reported as an adjustment to the carrying value of the disposal group. when the net realizable value of a disposal group increases during a period, a gain can be recognized to the extent that it does not increase the value of the disposal group beyond its original carrying value when the disposal group was reclassified as held for sale.
restructuring charges: we have certain restructuring reserves which require significant estimates related to the timing and amount of future employee severance and other exit-related costs to be incurred when the restructuring actions take place. we generally recognize employee severance costs when payments are probable and amounts are estimable. costs related to contracts without future benefit or contract termination are recognized at the earlier of the contract termination or the cease-use dates. other exit-related costs are recognized as incurred. in connection with these restructuring actions, we also assess the recoverability of long-lived assets used in the business, and as a result, we may recognize accelerated depreciation and amortization reflecting shortened useful lives of the underlying assets. refer to financial note 3, "restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information on restructuring matters.
income taxes: our income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management's best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax provision and in evaluating income tax uncertainties, including those used to conclude on the tax-free nature of the separation of the change healthcare jv and the unrecognized tax position related to opioid-related litigation and claims, and may differ from the actual amounts of tax benefit recognized. we review our tax positions at the end of each quarter and adjust the balances as new information becomes available.
deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative net operating losses in the most recent years, and our forecast of future taxable income. in estimating future taxable income, we develop assumptions including the amount of future federal, state, and foreign pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. these assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage the underlying businesses.
changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. should tax laws change, our tax expense and cash flows could be materially impacted.
in addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities includes estimates for uncertainties in the application of complex new tax regulations across multiple global jurisdictions where we conduct our operations.
we recognize liabilities for tax and related interest for issues in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and related interest will be due. if our current estimate of tax and interest liabilities is less than the ultimate settlement, an additional charge to income tax expense may result. if our current estimate of tax and interest liabilities is more than the ultimate settlement, a reduction to income tax expense may be recognized. refer to financial note 6, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information on income tax matters.
loss contingencies: we are subject to various claims, including claims with customers and vendors, pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. when a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. however, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict, and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. when a material loss is reasonably possible, or probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided. legal fees are recognized as incurred when the legal services are provided.
we review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the potential loss or range of the loss can be made. as discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on future negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system, and other interested parties.
in conjunction with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, we considered matters related to ongoing controlled substances claims to which we are a party. for the year ended march 31, 2024, the company recorded a charge of $149 million within "claims and litigation charges, net" in the consolidated statement of operations to reflect its portion of a proposed settlement with a nationwide class of acute care hospitals, and the corresponding liability was included within "other accrued liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheet. at march 31, 2024, our estimated accrued liability for opioid-related claims was $6.8 billion. because of the many uncertainties associated with the remaining opioid-related litigation matters, we are not able to reasonably estimate the upper or lower ends of the range of ultimate possible losses for all opioid-related litigation matters. we are not able to predict the outcome in these matters, and an adverse judgment or negotiated resolution in any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows or liquidity. refer to the "opioid-related litigation and claims" section of the "trends and uncertainties" section of this financial review and financial note 17, "commitments and contingent liabilities," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information.
financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources we expect our available cash generated from operations and our short-term investment portfolio, together with our existing sources of liquidity from our credit facilities, commercial paper program, and other borrowings will be sufficient to fund our short-term and long-term capital expenditures, working capital, and other cash requirements. we remain adequately capitalized, including access to liquidity from our $4.0 billion revolving credit facility. at march 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants, and believe we have the ability to continue to meet our debt covenants in the future.
operating activities                                                                                        $4,314                          $5,159           $(845)
investing activities                                                                                       (1,072)                           (542)            (530)
financing activities                                                                                       (3,342)                         (4,368)            1,026
change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash classified within assets held for sale (1)                 -                             470            (470)
(1)the fiscal 2023 change reflects a reversal of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash previously classified as assets held for sale at march 31, 2022 as part of the u.k. disposal group and is offset by cash outflows primarily related to the settlement of liabilities which is reflected in operating activities.
operating activities operating activities provided cash of $4.3 billion and $5.2 billion for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. cash flows from operations can be significantly impacted by factors such as the timing of receipts from customers, inventory receipts, and payments to vendors. additionally, working capital is primarily a function of sales and purchase volumes, inventory requirements, and vendor payment terms.
operating activities for the year ended march 31, 2024 were affected by net income of $3.2 billion adjusted for non-cash items, including a provision for bad debts of $725 million related to the bankruptcy of our customer rite aid, in october 2023, as well as increases in accounts payable of $4.6 billion, offset by increases in receivables of $3.0 billion, and inventories of $1.3 billion which were primarily driven by higher revenues and timing. our litigation liabilities decreased by $395 million due to payments made during fiscal 2024 of $544 million associated with various settlement agreements for opioid-related claims of states, subdivisions, and native american tribes, partially offset by a charge of $149 million, related to our estimated liability for opioid-related claims, as discussed in more detail in financial note 17, "commitments and contingent liabilities," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. other non-cash items within operating activities for the year ended march 31, 2024 includes stock-based compensation of $182 million, partially offset by a fair value adjustment gain of $78 million related to the contingent consideration liability recognized as part of our acquisition of rxss.
operating activities for the year ended march 31, 2023 were affected by net income of $3.7 billion adjusted for non-cash items, and an increase in drafts and accounts payable of $3.8 billion offset by increases in inventories and receivables of $1.3 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, were primarily driven by higher revenues and timing. our litigation liabilities decreased by $1.1 billion due to payments made during fiscal 2023 associated with various settlement agreements for opioid-related claims of participating states, subdivisions, and native american tribes. other non-cash items within operating activities for the year ended march 31, 2023 includes stock-based compensation of $162 million.
investing activities investing activities used cash of $1.1 billion and $542 million for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. investing activities for the year ended march 31, 2024 includes $431 million and $256 million, respectively, in capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment and capitalized software, as well as $272 million of net cash payments for acquisitions.
investing activities for the year ended march 31, 2023 includes $867 million of net cash payments for acquisitions, including $600 million for our acquisition of rxss and $173 million for our contribution for the formation of scri oncology with hca healthcare, inc. investing activities for the year ended march 31, 2023 also includes $390 million and $168 million in capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment and capitalized software, respectively, and reflects proceeds from sales of businesses and investments of $1.1 billion, including cash proceeds, net of cash divested, of $573 million from the completed divestiture of our e.u. disposal group, $202 million of net cash from the completed divestiture of our u.k. disposal group, and $179 million of cash from the exit of one of our investments in equity securities in july 2022.
financing activities financing activities used cash of $3.3 billion and $4.4 billion for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. on june 15, 2023, we completed a public offering of 4.90% notes due july 15, 2028 in a principal amount of $400 million and 5.10% notes due july 15, 2033 in a principal amount of $600 million, for proceeds received, net of discounts and offering expenses, of $397 million and $592 million, respectively. a portion of the net proceeds from these notes was utilized to fund the repurchase of our 2024 notes discussed below, while the remaining net proceeds was available for general corporate purposes.
on june 16, 2023, we completed a cash tender offer for any and all of our 2024 notes with a principal amount of $918 million, which was made concurrently with the june 15, 2023 notes offering described above. using a portion of the proceeds from the june 15, 2023 notes offering described above, we paid an aggregate consideration of $268 million to repurchase $271 million principal amount of the 2024 notes. following the consummation of this tender offer, on june 16, 2023, we irrevocably deposited u.s. government obligations with the trustee under the indenture governing the 2024 notes sufficient to fund the payment of accrued and unpaid interest of the remaining $647 million principal amount of the 2024 notes as it became due, and of the principal amount of those 2024 notes on their march 15, 2024 maturity date.
financing activities for the year ended march 31, 2024 includes $3.0 billion of cash paid for share repurchases and $314 million of cash paid for dividends. financing activities also includes cash receipts and cash payments of $20.0 billion related to short-term borrowings of commercial paper in fiscal 2024.
financing activities for the year ended march 31, 2023 includes $3.6 billion of cash paid for share repurchases and $292 million of cash paid for dividends. financing activities also includes cash receipts and cash payments of $8.5 billion related to short-term borrowings of commercial paper in fiscal 2023. in november 2022, we entered into the 2022 term loan credit facility which provided an unsecured term loan facility of up to $500 million, which we drew upon in full in december 2022 and which we subsequently repaid in february 2023. the proceeds of this loan were used for general corporate purposes. in february 2023, we completed a public offering of the 5.25% notes with net proceeds of $497 million, which were used to repay existing debt. in december 2022, we retired our $400 million outstanding principal amount of 2.70% notes and on march 15, 2023, we retired our $360 million outstanding principal amount of 2.85% notes, both upon maturity using cash on hand.
cash used for other financing activities generally includes shares surrendered for tax withholding and payments to noncontrolling interests.
share repurchase plans the board has authorized the repurchase of common stock. we may affect stock repurchases from time-to-time through open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchase ("asr") programs, or by combinations of such methods, any of which may use pre-arranged trading plans that are designed to meet the requirements of rule 10b5-1(c) of the securities exchange act of 1934. the timing of any repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, tax implications, restrictions under our debt obligations, other uses for capital, impacts on the value of remaining shares, cash generated from operations, and market and economic conditions. during the last two fiscal years, our share repurchases were transacted through both open market transactions and asr programs with third-party financial institutions. the asr programs discussed below were designed to comply with rule 10b5-1(c).
effective january 1, 2023, our repurchase of common stock, adjusted for allowable items, are subject to a 1% excise tax as a result of the ira. excise taxes incurred on share repurchases of an entity's own common stock are direct and incremental costs to purchase treasury stock, and accordingly are included in the total cost basis of the common stock acquired and reflected as a reduction of stockholders' equity within "treasury shares" in our consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of stockholders' equity (deficit). excise taxes do not reduce our remaining authorization for the repurchase of common stock. excise taxes of $25 million were incurred for the year ended march 31, 2024 and accrued within "other accrued liabilities" in the company's consolidated balance sheet for shares repurchased during fiscal 2024. we did not incur excise taxes during the year ended march 31, 2023.
information regarding the share repurchase activity over the last two fiscal years was as follows:
(1)this table does not include the value of equity awards surrendered to satisfy tax withholding obligations or forfeitures of equity awards.
(4)in february 2022, we entered into an asr program with a third-party financial institution to repurchase $1.5 billion shares of common stock. the total number of shares repurchased under this asr program was 5.1 million shares at an average price per share of $295.16. we received 4.8 million shares as the initial share settlement in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, and in may 2022, we received an additional 0.3 million shares upon the completion of this asr program.
(5)of the total dollar value, $27 million was accrued within "other accrued liabilities" in our consolidated balance sheet as of march 31, 2023 for share repurchases that were executed in late march 2023 and settled in early april 2023.
selected measures of liquidity and capital resources march 31,
working capital                                      (4,387)                             (3,665)
debt to capital ratio (2)                              124.0      %                        120.5           %
(2)this ratio describes the relationship and changes within our capital resources, and is computed as the sum of total debt divided by the sum of total debt and mckesson stockholders' deficit, which excludes noncontrolling interests and accumulated other comprehensive loss.
cash equivalents, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash, are carried at fair value. cash equivalents are primarily invested in aaa-rated u.s. government money market funds, short-term deposits with financial institutions, and short-term commercial papers issued by non-financial institutions. deposits with financial institutions are primarily denominated in u.s. dollars and the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries, including canadian dollars, euro, and british pounds sterling. deposits could exceed the amounts insured by the federal deposit insurance corporation in the u.s. and similar deposit insurance programs in other jurisdictions. we mitigate the risk of our short-term investment portfolio by depositing funds with reputable financial institutions and monitoring risk profiles and investment strategies of money market funds.
our cash and cash equivalents balance as of march 31, 2024 and 2023 included approximately $1.6 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively, of cash held by our subsidiaries outside of the u.s. our primary intent is to utilize this cash for foreign operations for an indefinite period of time. although the majority of cash held outside the u.s. is available for repatriation, doing so could subject us to foreign withholding taxes and state income taxes. we may remit foreign earnings to the u.s. to the extent it is tax efficient to do so. we do not anticipate the tax impact from remitting these earnings to be material. following enactment of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, the repatriation of cash to the u.s. is generally no longer taxable for federal income tax purposes.
working capital primarily includes cash and cash equivalents, receivables, inventories, and prepaid expenses, net of drafts and accounts payable, short-term borrowings, current portion of long-term debt, current portion of operating lease liabilities, and other accrued liabilities. our businesses require substantial investments in working capital that are susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. inventory purchase activity is a function of sales activity and other requirements.
consolidated working capital decreased at march 31, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in drafts and accounts payable from increased purchasing driven by increased sales and timing, an increase in other accrued liabilities and a decrease in cash and cash equivalents, partially offset by an increase in receivables, net and inventories, net, driven by higher sales and timing, and a decrease in the current portion of long-term debt largely funded by an issuance of long-term debt in the first quarter of fiscal 2024.
our debt to capital ratio increased for the year ended march 31, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily due to share repurchases and dividend payments as well as repayments of long-term debt, partially offset by net income attributable to mckesson for the year and issuance of new long-term debt.
in july 2023, we raised our quarterly dividend to $0.62 from $0.54 per share of common stock for dividends declared on or after such date by the board. dividends were $2.40 per share in fiscal 2024 and $2.09 per share in fiscal 2023, and we paid total cash dividends of $314 million and $292 million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. we anticipate that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. however, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the board and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, legal requirements, and other factors.
the table and information below presents our significant financial obligations and commitments as of march 31, 2024:
(in millions)                                  total                  within 1                over 1 to 3                over 3 to 5                   after 5
(1)represents maturities of the company's long-term obligations, including finance lease obligations. refer to financial note 11, "debt and financing activities," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information.
(2)represents undiscounted minimum operating lease obligations under non-cancelable operating leases having an initial remaining term over one year and is not adjusted for imputed interest. refer to financial note 9, "leases," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information.
(3)includes estimated benefit payments for our unfunded benefit plans and minimum funding requirements for our pension plans as well as the contingent consideration liability related to our acquisition of rxss in november 2022.
(5)primarily relates to the expected purchase of goods and services, including inventory and capital commitments, from vendors in the normal course of business.
(6)includes agreements under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of our customers' inventory and our customers' debt in the event these customers are unable to meet their obligations to those financial institutions. refer to financial note 16, "financial guarantees and warranties," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information.
at march 31, 2024, the company had accrued liabilities of $6.8 billion related to the settlement of opioid-related litigation claims with u.s. governmental entities, including native american tribes, and certain non-governmental plaintiffs as described in the "trends and uncertainties" section of this financial review and financial note 17, "commitments and contingent liabilities," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. the majority of this amount relates to a global settlement payable in annual installments through 2038 pursuant to the schedule set forth in the agreement. as of march 31, 2024, $665 million is estimated to be paid within the next twelve months.
at march 31, 2024, the liability recorded for uncertain tax positions, excluding associated interest and penalties, was approximately $1.1 billion. the ultimate amount and timing of any related future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty. refer to financial note 6, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information on income tax matters.
at march 31, 2024, our banks and insurance companies have issued $211 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds. these were issued on our behalf and are mostly related to our customer contracts and to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations, pension obligations in europe, and our workers' compensation and automotive liability programs.
capital resources we fund our working capital requirements primarily with cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from short-term borrowings from our commercial paper issuances, and longer-term credit agreements and debt offerings. funds necessary for future debt maturities and our other cash requirements, including any future payments that may be made related to our total estimated litigation liability of $6.8 billion as of march 31, 2024 payable under the terms of various settlement agreements for opioid-related claims, are expected to be met by existing cash balances, cash flow from operations, existing credit sources, and future borrowings. long-term debt markets and commercial paper markets, our primary sources of capital after cash flow from operations, are open and accessible to us should we decide to access those markets. detailed information regarding our debt and financing activities is included in financial note 11, "debt and financing activities," to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
we believe that our future operating cash flow, financial assets, and access to capital and credit markets, including our credit facilities, give us the ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future. however, there can be no assurance that an increase in volatility or disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing.