item 1a.    risk factors.
our business is affected by the risks generally incident to the residential construction business, including, but not limited to:
•actual and expected direction of interest rates, which affect the availability of mortgage financing for potential purchasers of homes;
•the availability of adequate land in desirable locations on favorable terms;
•employment levels, consumer confidence and spending and unexpected changes in customer preferences; and
•changes in the national economy and in the local economies of the markets in which we operate.
business and industry risks an economic downturn or decline in economic conditions could adversely affect our business and our results of operations.
demand for new homes is sensitive to economic changes driven by conditions such as employment levels, job growth, consumer confidence, inflation and interest rates. if the housing industry suffers a downturn, our sales may decline which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
interest rate movements, inflation and other economic factors can negatively impact our business.
high rates of inflation generally affect the homebuilding industry adversely because of their adverse impact on interest rates. high interest rates not only increase the cost of borrowed funds to homebuilders and developers but also have a significant adverse effect on housing demand and on the affordability of permanent mortgage financing to prospective purchasers. we are also subject to potential volatility in the price of commodities that impact costs of materials used in our homebuilding business. increases in prevailing interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
our financial results also are affected by the risks attributable to our mortgage banking business, including interest rate levels, the impact of government regulation on mortgage loan originations and servicing and the need to issue forward commitments to fund and sell mortgage loans. our homebuilding customers account for almost all of our mortgage banking business. the volume of our continuing homebuilding operations therefore affects our mortgage banking business.
our mortgage banking business also is affected by interest rate fluctuations. we also may experience secondary marketing losses resulting from daily movements in interest rates to the extent we are unable to match interest rates and amounts on loans we have committed to originate with forward commitments from third parties to purchase such loans. volatility in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on our mortgage banking revenue, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
our operations may also be adversely affected by other economic factors within our markets such as negative changes in employment levels, job growth, wage growth, consumer confidence and household formation and availability of mortgage financing, one or all of which could result in reduced demand or price depression from current levels. such negative trends could have a material adverse effect on homebuilding operations.
these factors and thus, the homebuilding and mortgage banking businesses, have at times in the past been cyclical in nature. any downturn in the national economy or the local economies of the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance and ability to service our debt obligations.
because almost all of our customers require mortgage financing, limited availability of suitable mortgage financing could impair the affordability of our homes, lower demand for our products, and limit our ability to fully deliver our backlog.
our business and earnings depend on the ability of our potential customers to obtain mortgages for the purchase of our homes. in addition, many of our potential customers must sell their existing homes in order to buy a home from us. the tightening of credit standards and limited availability of suitable mortgage financing could prevent customers from buying our homes and could prevent buyers of our customers' homes from obtaining mortgages they need to complete that purchase, either of which could result in potential customers' inability to buy a home from us. if potential customers or the buyers of our customers' current homes are not able to obtain suitable financing, the result could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
if our ability to sell mortgages to investors is impaired, we may be required to fund these commitments ourselves, or we may not be able to originate loans at all.
our mortgage banking business sells all of the loans it originates into the secondary market, usually within 30 days from the date of closing, and has up to $150 million available under a repurchase agreement to fund mortgage closings. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" in item 7 of this form 10-k for more information about the repurchase agreement. in the event that disruptions to the secondary markets tighten or eliminate the available liquidity within the secondary markets for mortgage loans, or the underwriting requirements by our secondary market investors continue to become more stringent, our ability to sell future mortgages could decline and we could be required, among other things, to fund our commitments to our buyers with our own financial resources, which is limited, or require our home buyers to find another source of financing. the result of such secondary market disruption could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
if the market value of our inventory or controlled lot position declines, our profit could decrease and we may incur losses.
inventory risk can be substantial for homebuilders. the market value of building lots and housing inventories can fluctuate significantly as a result of changing market conditions. in addition, inventory carrying costs can be significant and can result in losses in a poorly performing community or market. we must continuously acquire lots for expansion into new markets as well as for replacement and expansion within our current markets, which we generally accomplish by entering into lpas and paying forfeitable deposits under the lpas to developers for the contractual right to acquire the lots. in the event of adverse changes in economic, market or community conditions, we may cease further building activities in certain communities or restructure existing lpas, resulting in forfeiture of some or all of any remaining land contract deposit paid to the developer. we may also have significant impairments of land under development. the forfeiture of land contract deposits or inventory impairments may result in a loss that could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
we face competition in our homebuilding and mortgage banking operations.
the homebuilding industry is highly competitive. we compete with numerous homebuilders of varying size, ranging from local to national in scope, some of whom have greater financial resources than we do. we face competition:
•for suitable and desirable lots at acceptable prices;
•from selling incentives offered by competing builders within and across developments; and
•from the existing home resale market.
our homebuilding operations compete primarily on the basis of price, location, design, quality, service and reputation.
the mortgage banking industry is also competitive. our main competition comes from national, regional and local mortgage bankers, credit unions, banks and mortgage brokers in each of these markets. our mortgage banking operations compete primarily on the basis of customer service, variety of products offered, interest rates offered, prices of ancillary services and relative financing availability and costs.
we might not be able to continue to compete successfully in our homebuilding or mortgage banking operations. an inability to effectively compete may have an adverse impact on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
our inability to secure and control an adequate inventory of lots could adversely impact our operations.
the results of our homebuilding operations depend upon our continuing ability to control an adequate number of homebuilding lots in desirable locations. there can be no assurance that an adequate supply of building lots will continue to be available to us on terms similar to those available in the past, or that we will not be required to devote a greater amount of capital to controlling building lots than we have historically. an insufficient supply of building lots in one or more of our markets, an inability of our developers to deliver finished lots in a timely fashion due to their inability to secure financing to fund development activities or for other reasons, or our inability to purchase or finance building lots on reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
a shortage of building materials or labor, or increases in materials or labor costs may adversely impact our operations.
the homebuilding business has from time to time experienced building material and labor shortages, including fluctuating lumber prices and supply. in addition, strong construction market conditions could restrict the labor force available to our subcontractors and us in one or more of our markets. significant increases in costs resulting from these shortages, or delays in construction of homes, could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
we engage subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes. despite our quality control efforts, we may discover that our subcontractors have engaged in improper construction practices. the occurrence of such events could require us to repair the homes in accordance with our standards and as required by law. the cost of satisfying our legal obligations in these instances may be significant, and we may be unable to recover the cost of repairs from subcontractors, suppliers and insurers.
product liability litigation and warranty claims may adversely impact our operations.
construction defect and home warranty claims are common and can represent a substantial risk for the homebuilding industry. the cost of insuring against construction defect and product liability claims, as well as the claims themselves, can be high. in addition, insurance companies limit coverage offered to protect against these claims. further restrictions on coverage availability, or significant increases in premium costs or claims, could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
we are subject to litigation proceedings that could harm our business if an unfavorable ruling were to occur.
from time to time, we are involved in litigation and other legal proceedings relating to claims arising from our operations in the normal course of business. as described in, but not limited to, item 3, "legal proceedings" of this form 10-k, we are currently subject to certain legal proceedings. litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings may occur. these or other litigation or legal proceedings could materially affect our ability to conduct our business in the manner that we expect or otherwise adversely affect us should an unfavorable ruling occur.
if the underwriting quality of our mortgage originations is found to be deficient, our profit could decrease and we may incur losses.
we originate several different loan products to our customers to finance the purchase of their home. we sell all of the loans we originate into the secondary mortgage market, generally within 30 days from the date of closing. all of the loans that we originate are underwritten to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor. insofar as we underwrite our originated loans to those standards, we bear no increased concentration of credit risk from the issuance of loans, except in certain limited instances where repurchases or early payment defaults occur. in the event that a substantial number of the loans that we have originated fall into default and the investors to whom we sold the loans determine that we did not underwrite the loans in accordance with their requirements, we could be required to repurchase the loans from the investor or indemnify the investor for any losses incurred. any resulting losses could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
our mortgage banking operations may be responsible for losses associated with mortgage loans originated and sold to investors in the event of errors or omissions relating to certain representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards, the type of collateral, the existence of private mortgage insurance, and the validity of certain borrower representations in connection with the loan. the resolution of claims related to alleged breaches of these representations and warranties and repurchase claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and could result in losses that exceed existing estimates and accruals. because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating these matters, there can be no assurance that any amounts reserved will be adequate or that any potential inadequacies will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
the loss of key personnel could adversely impact our business.
we rely on our key personnel to effectively operate and manage our business. specifically, our future success depends heavily on the performance of our senior management team. our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to retain key personnel or attract qualified personnel to manage our business.
our failure to maintain the security of our electronic and other confidential information could expose us to liability and materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
privacy, security, and compliance concerns have continued to increase as technology has evolved. as part of our normal business activities, we collect and store certain confidential information, including personal information of homebuyers/borrowers and information about employees, vendors and suppliers, some of which is processed and stored on third party vendor platforms. this information is entitled to protection under a number of federal and state laws. we may share some of this information with vendors who assist us with certain aspects of our business, particularly our mortgage and title businesses.
we have implemented systems and processes intended to secure our information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive, confidential and personal data, including through the use of encryption and authentication technologies. additionally, we have continued to elevate our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and rapid response to potential security anomalies. our management team regularly reviews our response readiness and completes tabletop exercises on potential cybersecurity breaches with the assistance of a third party cybersecurity consultant. we also require employees to complete training sessions regarding matters such as cybersecurity threats and data protection on a regular basis. these security measures may not be sufficient for all possible occurrences and may be vulnerable to hacking, employee error, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management or other irregularities. further, development and maintenance of these measures are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated.
our failure to maintain the security of the data we are required to protect, including via the penetration of our network security and the misappropriation of confidential and personal information, could result in business disruption, damage to our reputation, financial obligations to third parties, fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings and private litigation with potentially large costs, and also in deterioration in customers' confidence in us and other competitive disadvantages, and thus could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
volatility in the credit and capital markets may impact our ability to access necessary financing.
if we require working capital greater than that provided by our operations and our credit facility, we may be required to seek to increase the amount available under the facility or seek alternative financing, which might not be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable. if we are required to seek financing to fund our working capital requirements, volatility in credit or capital markets may restrict our flexibility to access financing. if we are at any time unsuccessful in obtaining sufficient capital to fund our planned homebuilding expenditures, we may experience a substantial delay in the completion of homes then under construction, or we may be unable to control or purchase finished building lots. any delay could result in cost increases and could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
our mortgage banking operations depend in part on the availability, cost and other terms of mortgage financing facilities, and may be adversely affected by any shortage or increased cost of such financing. additional or replacement financing might not be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable. our mortgage banking operations are also dependent upon the securitization market for mortgage-backed securities, and could be materially adversely affected by any fluctuation or downturn in such market.
as of december 31, 2023 we had $900 million in senior notes outstanding. our existing indebtedness contains restrictive covenants and any future indebtedness may also contain such covenants. these covenants include, or could include, restrictions on our ability to create, incur, assume or guarantee secured debt, enter into sale and leaseback transactions and conditions related to mergers and/or the sale of assets. substantial losses by us or other action or inaction by us or our subsidiaries could result in the violation of one or more of these covenants, which could result in decreased liquidity or a default on our current or future indebtedness, thereby having a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
regulatory risk government regulations and environmental matters could negatively affect our operations.
we are subject to various local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning zoning, building design, construction and similar matters, including local regulations that impose restrictive zoning and density requirements in order to limit the number of homes that can eventually be built within the boundaries of a particular area. these regulations may further increase the cost to produce and market our products. in addition, we have from time to time been subject to, and may also be subject in the future to, periodic delays in our homebuilding projects due to building moratoriums in the areas in which we operate or delays in receiving the necessary governmental approvals. changes in regulations that restrict homebuilding activities in one or more of our principal markets could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
in addition, new housing developments are often subject to various assessments or impact fees for schools, parks, streets, highways and other public improvements. the cost of these assessments is subject to substantial change and could cause increases in the construction cost of our homes, which, in turn, could reduce our profitability.
we are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the protection of health and the environment. we are subject to a variety of environmental conditions that can affect our business and our homebuilding projects. the particular environmental laws that apply to any given homebuilding site vary greatly according to the location and environmental condition of the site and the present and former uses of the site and adjoining properties. environmental laws and conditions may result in delays, cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs, or prohibit or severely restrict homebuilding activity in certain environmentally sensitive regions or areas.
in recent years, an increasing number of state and federal regulations have been enacted or proposed to reduce the impact of greenhouse gas emissions and other human activities on climate change. some of this legislation relates to matters such as restrictions and reporting on carbon dioxide emissions and higher building code energy efficiency standards. the impact of such restrictions and requirements on us and our suppliers could increase our operating and compliance costs, as well as the cost of raw materials used in the building process. higher operating costs could result in us having to increase our home prices to a level that may adversely affect our sales, or if we are unable to increase prices, negatively impact our profitability.
the mortgage industry is subject to regulation at the federal, state and local level. potential changes to federal laws and regulations could have the effect of limiting the activities of fnma, gnma and fhlmc, the entities that provide liquidity to the secondary mortgage market, which could lead to increases in mortgage interest rates. tighter underwriting requirements and fee restrictions and the increasingly complex regulatory environment may negatively impact our mortgage loan origination business in the form of lower demand, decreased revenue and increased operating costs.
we are an approved seller/servicer of fnma and fhlmc mortgage loans and an approved seller/issuer/servicer of gnma, va and fha mortgage loans, and are subject to all of those agencies' rules and regulations. any significant impairment of our eligibility to sell/service these loans could have a material adverse impact on our mortgage operations. in addition, we are subject to regulation at the state and federal level with respect to specific origination, selling and servicing practices including the real estate settlement and protection act. adverse changes in governmental regulation may have a negative impact on our mortgage loan origination business.
risks related to other external risks health epidemics, including the recent covid-19 pandemic, have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on our business and operations, and the markets, states and local communities in which we operate.
our business and operations could be adversely affected by health epidemics, impacting the markets, states and local communities in which we operate. the recent covid-19 pandemic had a significant impact on our operations and supply chains.
there is no guarantee that a future health epidemic will not occur, which could result in uncertainty regarding governmental actions that may occur, and the effects of economic relief efforts on the u.s. economy, either of which could be potential disruptors to our business. over the long term, these disruptions could lower demand for our products, impair our ability to sell and/or build homes in our normal manner, increase our losses on contract land deposits, and negatively impact our lending and secondary mortgage market activities. these developments and other consequences of an outbreak could materially and adversely affect our operations, profitability and cash flows.
weather-related and other events beyond our control may adversely impact our operations.
extreme weather or other events, such as significant hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, forest fires, floods, snowfalls, terrorist attacks or war may affect our markets, our operations and our profitability. these events may impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or subcontractors and our housing inventories, causing us material increases in costs, or delays in construction of homes. in addition, demand could be negatively impacted in certain of our markets perceived to be more vulnerable to increased severe weather events and other impacts of climate change.
our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of us and our brands which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our customers.
we believe that one of the reasons our customers buy from us, our employees choose nvr as a place of employment, and our vendors choose to do business with us is the reputation we have built over many years. to be successful in the future, we must continue to preserve our reputation. reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of the brands under which we do business. it may be difficult to control negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. while reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, could damage our reputation, reduce the demand for our homes or negatively impact the morale and performance of our employees, all of which could adversely affect our business.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
(dollars in thousands, except per share data)
results of operations this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022.
overview business environment and current outlook in 2023, housing demand improved as the rapid rise in mortgage interest rates during 2022 began to stabilize and homebuyers adjusted to the higher mortgage interest rate environment. in addition, new home demand was favorably impacted by a limited supply of inventory in the resale market. despite this increased demand, affordability continues to be a challenge as the higher rates coupled with higher home prices led to housing affordability reaching a 35-year low during 2023. interest rate volatility and economic uncertainty are expected to continue to impact the housing market in 2024. as a result, we expect to face continued margin pressure as we adjust our product offering and positioning to meet market demand. we also expect continued margin pressure from higher building materials, labor and land costs. the supply chain disruptions experienced in the prior year have mostly subsided, and our construction cycle times have improved. we believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of opportunities that may arise from future economic and homebuilding market volatility due to the strength of our balance sheet and our disciplined lot acquisition strategy.
business our primary business is the construction and sale of single-family detached homes, townhomes and condominium buildings, all of which are primarily constructed on a pre-sold basis. to fully serve customers of our homebuilding operations, we also operate a mortgage banking and title services business. we primarily conduct our operations in mature markets. additionally, we generally grow our business through market share gains in our existing markets and by expanding into markets contiguous to our current active markets. our four homebuilding reportable segments consist of the following regions:
north east:          new jersey and eastern pennsylvania mid east:            new york, ohio, western pennsylvania, indiana and illinois south east:          north carolina, south carolina, georgia, florida and tennessee our lot acquisition strategy is predicated upon avoiding the financial risks associated with direct land ownership and development. we generally do not engage in land development (see discussion below of our land development activities). instead, we typically acquire finished lots from various third party land developers pursuant to lpas. these lpas require deposits, typically ranging up to 10% of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots, in the form of cash or letters of credit that may be forfeited if we fail to perform under the lpa. this strategy has allowed us to maximize inventory turnover, which we believe enables us to minimize market risk and to operate with less capital, thereby enhancing rates of return on equity and total capital.
in addition to constructing homes primarily on a pre-sold basis and utilizing what we believe is a conservative lot acquisition strategy, we focus on obtaining and maintaining a leading market position in each market we serve. this strategy allows us to gain valuable efficiencies and competitive advantages in our markets, which we believe contributes to minimizing the adverse effects of regional economic cycles and provides growth opportunities within these markets. our continued success is contingent upon our ability to control an adequate supply of finished lots on which to build.
in limited specific strategic circumstances, we deviate from our historical lot acquisition strategy and engage in joint venture arrangements with land developers or directly acquire raw ground already zoned for its intended use for development. once we acquire control of raw ground, we determine whether to sell the raw parcel to a developer and enter into an lpa with the developer to purchase the finished lots or to hire a developer to develop the land on our behalf. while joint venture arrangements and direct land development activity are not our preferred method of acquiring finished building lots, we may enter into additional transactions in the future on a limited basis where there exists a compelling strategic or prudent financial reason to do so. we expect, however, to continue to acquire substantially all of our finished lot inventory using lpas with forfeitable deposits.
as of december 31, 2023, we controlled approximately 141,500 lots as discussed below.
we controlled approximately 134,900 lots under lpas with third parties through deposits in cash and letters of credit totaling approximately $617,000 and $7,700, respectively. included in the number of controlled lots are approximately 10,700 lots for which we have recorded a contract land deposit impairment reserve of approximately $53,400 as of december 31, 2023.
joint venture limited liability corporations ("jvs")
we had an aggregate investment totaling approximately $29,200 in four jvs, expected to produce approximately 5,200 lots. of the lots to be produced by the jvs, approximately 4,850 lots were controlled by us and approximately 350 lots were either under contract with unrelated parties or currently not under contract. we had additional funding commitments totaling approximately $11,500 to one of the jvs at december 31, 2023.
land under development we owned land with a carrying value of approximately $36,900 that we intend to develop into approximately 1,750 finished lots. we had additional funding commitments of approximately $1,600 under a joint development agreement related to one project, a portion of which we expect will be offset by development credits of approximately $900.
see notes 3, 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information regarding lpas, jvs and land under development, respectively.
raw land purchase agreements in addition to the lots we currently control as discussed above, we have certain properties under contract with land owners that are expected to yield approximately 22,700 lots. some of these properties may require rezoning or other approvals to achieve the expected yield. these properties are controlled with cash deposits and letters of credit totaling approximately $13,000 and $100, respectively, as of december 31, 2023, of which approximately $3,800 is refundable if we do not perform under the contract. we generally expect to assign the raw land contracts to a land developer and simultaneously enter into an lpa with the assignee if the project is determined to be feasible.
key financial results our consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 totaled $9,518,202, a decrease of 10% from $10,526,434 in 2022. our net income for 2023 was $1,591,611, or $463.31 per diluted share, decreases of 8% and 6% compared to 2022 net income and diluted earnings per share, respectively. our homebuilding gross profit margin percentage was 24.3% in 2023 compared to 25.8% in 2022. settlements for the year ended december 31, 2023 totaled 20,662 units, a decrease of 9% from 2022. new orders, net of cancellations ("new orders") during 2023 were 21,729, an increase of 13% from 2022 while our average new order sales price decreased 3% to $448.4 in 2023. our backlog of homes sold but not yet settled with the customer as of december 31, 2023 increased on a unit basis by 12% to 10,229 units and increased on a dollar basis by 10% to $4,756,926 when compared to december 31, 2022. income before tax from our mortgage banking segment totaled $132,793 in 2023, an increase of 9% when compared to $122,150 in 2022.
homebuilding operations the following table summarizes the results of our consolidated homebuilding operations and certain operating activity for each of the last three years:
financial data:
gross profit margin percentage                                       24.3   %                        25.8   %                        22.3   %
operating data:
new orders (units)                                                 21,729                          19,164                          22,721
settlements (units)                                                20,662                          22,732                          21,540
backlog (units)                                                    10,229                           9,162                          12,730
consolidated homebuilding homebuilding revenues decreased 10% in 2023 compared to 2022, as a result of a 9% decrease in the number of units settled and a 1% decrease in the average settlement price. the decrease in the number of units settled was primarily attributable to a 28% lower backlog unit balance entering 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, offset partially by a higher backlog turnover rate. the gross profit margin percentage in 2023 decreased to 24.3% from 25.8% in 2022. gross profit margins were negatively impacted by higher costs for labor, certain materials, incentives and closing costs, offset partially by lower lumber costs.
new orders increased 13% while the average sales price of new orders decreased 3% in 2023 when compared to 2022. new orders were favorably impacted by improved demand in 2023 attributable to a limited supply of homes in the resale market and by a 3% increase in the average number of active communities. the average sales price of new orders was negatively impacted by price adjustments to address affordability issues resulting from higher mortgage interest rates and significant home price appreciation over the previous two years.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses in 2023 increased by approximately $56,600 compared to 2022, and as a percentage of revenue increased to 6.3% in 2023 from 5.2% in 2022. the increase in sg&a expense was due primarily to an increase of approximately $42,400 in personnel costs attributable in part to higher earned incentive compensation. in addition, sg&a expense was higher due to an increase in equity-based compensation of approximately $13,800 due to the issuance of a four year block grant of non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of nvr common stock ("options") and restricted stock units ("rsus") in the second quarter of 2022.
our backlog represents homes sold but not yet settled with our customers. as of december 31, 2023, our backlog increased on a unit basis by 12% to 10,229 units and on a dollar basis by 10% to $4,756,926 when compared to 9,162 units and $4,325,876, respectively, as of december 31, 2022. the increase in both backlog units and dollars was primarily attributable to a 16% increase in new orders during the six-month period ending december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. backlog dollars were higher primarily due to the increase in backlog units as of december 31, 2023.
our backlog may be impacted by customer cancellations for various reasons that are beyond our control, such as failure to obtain mortgage financing, inability to sell an existing home, job loss, or a variety of other reasons.  in any period, a portion of the cancellations that we experience are related to new sales that occurred during the same period, and a portion are related to sales that occurred in prior periods and therefore appeared in the beginning backlog for the current period. calculated as the total of all cancellations during the period as a percentage of gross sales during the period, our cancellation rate was approximately 13%, 14% and 9% in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. during the four quarters of each of 2023, 2022 and 2021, approximately 4% in 2023, 4% in 2022 and 3% in 2021, of a reporting quarter's opening backlog cancelled during the quarter. we can provide no assurance that our historical cancellation rates are indicative of the actual cancellation rate that may occur in future years. other than those units that are cancelled, we expect to settle substantially all of our december 31, 2023 backlog during 2024. see "risk factors" in item 1a of this form 10-k.
the backlog turnover rate is impacted by various factors, including, but not limited to, changes in new order activity, internal production capacity, external subcontractor capacity, building material availability and other external factors over which we do not exercise control.
reportable homebuilding segments homebuilding segment profit includes all revenues and income generated from the sale of homes, less the cost of homes sold, sg&a expenses, and a corporate capital allocation charge determined by corporate management. the corporate capital allocation charge eliminates in consolidation and is based on the segment's average net assets employed. the corporate capital allocation charged to the operating segment allows the chief operating decision maker to determine whether the operating segment is providing the desired rate of return after covering our cost of capital.
we record impairment charges on contract land deposits when we determine that it is probable that recovery of the deposit is impaired. for segment reporting purposes, impairments on contract land deposits are generally charged to the operating segment upon the termination of an lpa with the developer, or the restructuring of an lpa resulting in the forfeiture of the deposit. we evaluate our entire net contract land deposit portfolio for impairment each quarter. for presentation purposes below, the contract land deposit reserve at december 31, 2023 and 2022 has been allocated to the reportable segments for the respective years to show contract land deposits on a net basis. the net contract land deposit balances below also include approximately $7,700 and $6,900 at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, of letters of credit issued as deposits in lieu of cash.
the following tables summarize certain homebuilding operating activity by reportable segment for each of the last three years:
selected segment financial data:
gross profit margin:
gross profit margin percentage:
segment profit:
segment operating activity:
units                   average                    units                   average                    units                   average price                                              price                                              price new orders, net of cancellations:
units                   average                    units                   average                    units                   average price                                              price                                              price settlements:
units                   average                  units                   average                    units                   average price                                            price                                              price backlog:
operating data:
average active communities:
homebuilding inventory:
unsold lots and housing units inventory:
(1)total segment inventory differs from consolidated inventory due to certain consolidation adjustments necessary to convert the reportable segments' results, which are predominantly maintained on a cash basis, to a full accrual basis for external financial statement presentation purposes. these consolidation adjustments are not allocated to our operating segments.
lots controlled and land deposits:
total lots controlled:
contract land deposits, net:
mid atlantic the mid atlantic segment had an approximate $248,700, or 25%, decrease in segment profit in 2023 compared to 2022, driven by a decrease in segment revenues of approximately $576,400, or 12%, coupled with a decrease in gross profit margins. segment revenues decreased due primarily to an 11% decrease in the number of units settled and a 1% decrease in the average settlement price. the decrease in settlements was primarily attributable to a 25% lower backlog unit balance entering 2023 compared to backlog entering 2022. the mid atlantic segment's gross profit margin percentage decreased to 24.4% in 2023 from 26.9% in 2022. gross profit margins were negatively impacted primarily by higher costs for labor, certain materials, lots, incentives and closing costs, offset partially by lower lumber costs.
segment new orders increased 8% while the average sales price of new orders decreased 2% in 2023 compared to 2022. new orders were favorably impacted by higher absorption rates attributable to improved demand as previously discussed in the "consolidated homebuilding" section above and by a 4% increase in the average number of active communities.
north east the north east segment had an approximate $11,700, or 7%, increase in segment profit in 2023 compared to 2022. segment profits were favorably impacted by an increase in segment revenue of approximately $55,700, or 6%. the increase in segment revenues was attributable to an 8% increase in the average settlement price. the increase in the average settlement price was primarily attributable to an 8% higher average sales price of units in backlog entering 2023 compared to backlog entering 2022, coupled with a 10% increase in the average sales price of new orders during the first six months of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. the segment's gross profit margin percentage remained relatively flat.
segment new orders and the average sales price of new orders increased 12% and 9%, respectively, in 2023 compared to 2022. new orders were impacted by higher absorption rates attributable to improved demand as previously discussed in the "consolidated homebuilding" section above. the increase in the average sales price of new orders was attributable to a shift in new orders to higher priced markets within the segment, coupled with a shift to higher priced communities in certain markets.
mid east the mid east segment had an approximate $85,400, or 25%, decrease in segment profit in 2023 compared to 2022. the decrease in segment profit was driven by a decrease in segment revenues of approximately $423,700, or 20%, coupled with a decrease in gross profit margins. segment revenues decreased due to a 20% decrease in settlements year over year, offset partially by a 1% increase in the average settlement price. the decrease in settlements was largely attributable to a 39% lower backlog unit balance entering 2023 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2022, offset partially by a higher backlog turnover rate. the segment's gross profit margin percentage decreased to 21.6% in 2023 from 22.2% in 2022. gross profit margins were negatively impacted primarily by higher incentives and closing costs, offset partially by lower lumber costs.
segment new orders increased 4% while the average sales price of new orders decreased 1% in 2023 compared to 2022. new orders were favorably impacted by higher absorption rates attributable to improved demand as previously discussed in the "consolidated homebuilding" section above.
south east the south east segment had an approximate $136,500, or 24%, decrease in segment profit in 2023 compared to 2022. the decrease in segment profit was primarily driven by a decrease in segment revenues of approximately $67,800, or 3%, coupled with a decrease in gross profit margins. segment revenues decreased due to a 4% decrease in the average settlement price, partially offset by a 1% increase in settlements. the average settlement price was negatively impacted by a 14% decline in the average sales price of new orders during the first six months of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. the segment's gross profit margin percentage decreased to 25.7% in 2023 from 29.8% in 2022. gross profit margins were negatively impacted primarily by higher costs for labor, certain materials, lots, incentives and closing costs, offset partially by lower lumber costs.
segment new orders increased 30% while the average sales price of new orders decreased 8% in 2023 compared to 2022. the increase in new orders was primarily attributable to a 24% increase in the average number of active communities year over year. in addition, new orders were impacted favorably by higher absorption rates attributable to improved demand as previously discussed in the "consolidated homebuilding" section above. the average sales price of new orders was negatively impacted by price adjustments to address affordability issues resulting from higher mortgage interest rates and significant home price appreciation over the previous two years.
homebuilding segment reconciliations to consolidated homebuilding operations in addition to the corporate capital allocation and contract land deposit impairments discussed above, the other reconciling items between homebuilding segment profit and homebuilding consolidated profit before tax include unallocated corporate overhead (which includes all management incentive compensation), equity-based compensation expense, consolidation adjustments and external corporate interest expense. our overhead functions, such as accounting, treasury and human resources, are centrally performed and the costs are not allocated to our operating segments. consolidation adjustments consist of such items to convert the reportable segments' results, which are predominantly maintained on a cash basis, to a full accrual basis for external financial statement presentation purposes, and are not allocated to our operating segments. external corporate interest expense is primarily comprised of interest charges on our 3.00% senior notes due 2030, and is not charged to the operating segments because the charges are included in the corporate capital allocation discussed above.
homebuilding consolidated gross profit:
homebuilding consolidated gross profit                      $2,263,407                      $2,664,499                      $1,938,578
homebuilding consolidated profit before taxes:
reconciling items:
contract land deposit impairment reserve (1)                           3,279                        (27,300)                          22,163
equity-based compensation expense (2)                               (93,987)                        (78,931)                        (53,587)
corporate capital allocation (3)                                     288,805                         302,904                         252,787
reconciling items sub-total                                          182,842                          59,418                        (23,312)
homebuilding consolidated profit before taxes                     $1,795,580                      $2,131,044                      $1,418,799
(1)this item represents changes to the contract land deposit impairment reserve, which are not allocated to the reportable segments. see further discussion of contract land deposit impairment charges in note 3 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
(2)the increase in equity-based compensation expense in both 2023 and 2022 was primarily attributable to a four year block grant of options and rsus in may 2022. see further discussion of equity-based compensation in note 11 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
(3)this item represents the elimination of the corporate capital allocation charge included in the respective homebuilding reportable segments. the corporate capital allocation charge is based on the segment's monthly average asset balance and is as follows for the years presented:
corporate capital allocation charge:
total corporate capital allocation charge                   $288,805                      $302,904                      $252,787
(4) the consolidation adjustments and other in each period are primarily driven by changes in units under construction as well as significant fluctuations in lumber prices year over year. our reportable segments' results include the intercompany profits of our production facilities for home packages delivered to our homebuilding divisions. costs related to homes not yet settled are reversed through the consolidation adjustment and recorded in inventory. these costs are subsequently recorded through the consolidation adjustment when the respective homes are settled. the consolidation adjustment in 2021 was negatively impacted by a higher number of units under construction as of the end of the year compared to the prior year end, resulting in an increase in the reversal of intercompany profits year over year through the consolidation adjustment. in 2022, the consolidation adjustment was favorably impacted by a reduction in the number of units and value of the units under construction, resulting in a decrease in intercompany profits deferred. the consolidation adjustment in 2023 was favorably impacted by a reduction in the value of units under construction, resulting in a decrease in intercompany profits deferred. this favorable impact was offset partially by the recognition of previously deferred home package costs that included higher priced lumber.
mortgage banking segment we conduct our mortgage banking activity through nvrm, a wholly owned subsidiary. nvrm focuses almost exclusively on serving the homebuilding segment customer base. the following table summarizes the results of our mortgage banking operations and certain statistical data for each of the last three years:
operating profit:
segment profit                                          $138,313                        $125,756                        $176,251
equity-based compensation expense                        (5,520)                         (3,606)                         (4,647)
title services                                            40,754                          46,793                          42,958
loan closing volume in 2023 decreased by approximately $576,900, or 9%, from 2022.  the decrease was primarily attributable to a 7% decrease in the number of loans closed, driven by a 9% decrease in the homebuilding segment's number of homes settled in 2023 as compared to 2022.
segment profit in 2023 increased by approximately $12,600, or 10%, from 2022, which was primarily attributable to an increase in net interest income and a decrease in general and administrative expenses. net interest income increased by approximately $4,800, or 41%, due to higher interest rates in 2023 when compared to 2022. general and administrative expenses decreased by $3,800, or 4%, which was the result of decreased personnel costs.
mortgage banking - other we sell all of the loans we originate into the secondary mortgage market.  insofar as we underwrite our originated loans to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor, we have no further financial obligations from the issuance of loans, except in certain limited instances where repurchases or early payment defaults occur. those underwriting standards are typically equal to or more stringent than the underwriting standards required by fnma, gnma, fhlmc, va and fha. because we sell all of our loans (a small subset of such loans are serviced for a short period of time prior to sale), there is often a substantial delay between the time that a loan goes into default and the time that the investor requests us to reimburse them for losses incurred because of the default.  we believe that all of the loans that we originate are underwritten to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor to whom we sell our originated loans.  we employ a quality control department to ensure that our underwriting controls are effective, and further assess the underwriting function as part of our assessment of internal controls over financial reporting.
we maintain a reserve for losses on mortgage loans originated that reflects our judgment of the present loss exposure from the loans that we have originated and sold. at december 31, 2023 and 2022, we had repurchase reserves of approximately $18,600 and $21,800, respectively.
nvrm is dependent on our homebuilding operation's customers for business. if new orders and selling prices of the homebuilding segment decline, nvrm's operations will also be adversely affected.  in addition, nvrm's operating results may be adversely affected in future periods due to tightening and volatility of the credit markets, changes in investor funding times, increased regulation of mortgage lending practices and increased competition in the mortgage market.
seasonality we generally have higher new order activity in the first half of the year and higher home settlements, revenues and net income in the second half of the year. however, since 2020 our typical seasonal new order and settlement trends have been affected by the pandemic, supply chain disruptions and the significant fluctuations in mortgage interest rates. we cannot therefore predict whether period-to-period fluctuations will be consistent with historical patterns.
effective tax rate our consolidated effective tax rates in 2023 and 2022 were 17.46% and 23.42%, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily attributable to a higher income tax benefit recognized for excess tax benefits from stock option exercises, which totaled $153.6 million and $50.3 million for 2023 and 2022, respectively.
we expect continued tax rate volatility in future years attributable to the recognition of excess tax benefits from equity plan activity and distributions from the deferred compensation plans.
recent accounting pronouncements pending adoption see note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements applicable to us.
liquidity and capital resources we fund our operations primarily from our current cash holdings and cash flows generated by operating activities. in addition, we have available a short-term unsecured working capital revolving credit facility and revolving mortgage repurchase facility, as further described below. as of december 31, 2023, we had a strong liquidity position with approximately $3,100,000 in cash and cash equivalents, approximately $287,000 in unused committed capacity under our revolving credit facility and $150,000 in unused committed capacity under our revolving mortgage repurchase facility.
material cash requirements we believe that our current cash holdings, cash generated from operations, and cash available under our short-term unsecured credit agreement and revolving mortgage repurchase facility, as well as the public debt and equity markets, will be sufficient to satisfy both our short term and long term cash requirements for working capital to support our daily operations and meet commitments under our contractual obligations with third parties. our material contractual obligations primarily consist of the following:
(i) payments due to service our debt and interest on that debt. our current outstanding senior notes total $900,000 and mature in may 2030. future interest payments on our current outstanding senior notes total approximately $172,050, with $27,000 due within the next twelve months.
(ii) payment obligations totaling approximately $391,300 under existing lpas for deposits to be paid to land developers, assuming that contractual development milestones are met by the developers and we exercise our option to acquire finished lots under those lpas. we expect to make the majority of these payments within the next three years.
(iii) obligations under operating and finance leases related primarily to office space and our production facilities. see note 12 of this form 10-k for additional discussion of our leases.
in addition to funding growth in our homebuilding and mortgage banking operations, we historically have used a substantial portion of our excess liquidity to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock in open market and privately negotiated transactions. this ongoing repurchase program assists us in accomplishing our primary objective, creating increases in shareholder value. see "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" in item 5 of this form 10-k for disclosure of amounts repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2023. for the year ended december 31, 2023, we repurchased 181,499 shares of our common stock at an aggregate purchase price of $1,081,815. as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $675,870 available under board approved repurchase authorizations.
capital resources senior notes as of december 31, 2023, we had a total of $900,000 in outstanding senior notes which mature in may 2030. the senior notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with any of our existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness, will rank senior in right of payment to any of our future indebtedness that is by its terms expressly subordinated to the senior notes and will be effectively subordinated to any of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. the indenture governing the senior notes does not contain any financial covenants; however, it does contain, among other items, and subject to certain exceptions, covenants that restrict our ability to create, incur, assume or guarantee secured debt, enter into sale and leaseback transactions and conditions related to mergers and/or the sale of assets. we were in compliance with all covenants under the senior notes at december 31, 2023.
credit agreement we have an unsecured revolving credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with a group of lenders which may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. the credit agreement provides for aggregate revolving loan commitments of $300,000 (the "facility"). under the credit agreement, we may request increases of up to $300,000 to the facility in the form of revolving loan commitments or term loans to the extent that new or existing lenders agree to provide additional revolving loan or term loan commitments. in addition, the credit agreement provides for a $100,000 sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit of which there was approximately $13,000 outstanding at december 31, 2023. the credit agreement termination date is february 12, 2026. there were no borrowings outstanding under the credit agreement as of december 31, 2023.
repurchase agreement our mortgage banking subsidiary, nvrm, has an unsecured revolving mortgage repurchase agreement (the "repurchase agreement") which is non-recourse to nvr. the purpose of the repurchase agreement is to finance the origination of mortgage loans by nvrm. the repurchase agreement provides borrowing capacity up to $150,000, subject to certain sublimits. the repurchase agreement expires on july 17, 2024. at december 31, 2023, there was no debt outstanding under the repurchase agreement and there were no borrowing base limitations.
see note 8 of this form 10-k for additional disclosures regarding our senior notes, credit agreement and repurchase agreement.
cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2023, cash, restricted cash and cash equivalents increased by $640,926. net cash provided by operating activities was $1,497,993, due primarily to cash provided by earnings in 2023 and net cash proceeds of $46,136 from mortgage loan activity. cash was primarily used to fund the increase in inventory of $161,875 attributable to an increase in units under construction at december 31, 2023 compared to december 31, 2022.
net cash used in investing activities in 2023 was $24,100. cash was used primarily for purchases of property, plant and equipment of $24,877.
net cash used by financing activities in 2023 was $832,967. cash was used primarily to repurchase 181,499 shares of our common stock at an aggregate purchase price of $1,081,815 under our ongoing common stock repurchase program, discussed above. cash was provided from stock option exercise proceeds totaling $250,509.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, cash, restricted cash and cash equivalents decreased by $62,466. net cash provided by operating activities was $1,870,101, due primarily to cash provided by earnings in 2022 and by a decrease in inventory of $159,091 attributable to a decrease in units under construction at december 31, 2022 compared to december 31, 2021. a primary use of cash was the decrease in customer deposits of $103,659 attributable to the decrease in our ending backlog at december 31, 2023.
net cash used in investing activities in 2022 was $27,431. cash was used primarily for purchases of property, plant and equipment of $18,428 and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures totaling $9,735.
net cash used by financing activities in 2022 was $1,905,136. cash was used primarily to repurchase 323,652 shares of our common stock at an aggregate purchase price of $1,500,358 under our ongoing common stock repurchase program, discussed above.
in addition, cash was used to redeem the outstanding $600,000 principal amount of 3.95% senior notes due september 15, 2022. cash was provided from stock option exercise proceeds totaling $196,717.
at december 31, 2023 and 2022, restricted cash totaled $52,550 and $51,429, respectively. restricted cash was attributable to customer deposits for certain home sales and cash collected from customers for loans in process and closed mortgage loans held for sale.
critical accounting policies and estimates general the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. we continually evaluate the estimates we use to prepare the consolidated financial statements and update those estimates as necessary. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and other various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. actual results could differ materially from those estimates made by management.
homebuilding inventory the carrying value of inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market value. cost of lots and completed and uncompleted housing units represent the accumulated actual cost of the units. field construction supervisors' salaries and related direct overhead expenses are included in inventory costs. interest costs are not capitalized into inventory, with the exception of land under development and joint venture investments, as applicable. upon settlement, the cost of the unit is expensed on a specific identification basis. cost of building materials is determined on a first-in, first-out basis.
sold inventory is evaluated for impairment based on the contractual sales price compared to the total estimated cost to construct. unsold inventory is evaluated for impairment by analyzing recent comparable sales prices within the applicable community compared to the costs incurred to date plus the expected costs to complete. any calculated impairments are recorded immediately in cost of sales.
contract land deposits we purchase finished lots under lpas that require deposits that may be forfeited if we fail to perform under the contract. the deposits are in the form of cash or letters of credit in varying amounts and represent a percentage of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots.
we maintain an allowance for losses on contract land deposits that reflects our judgment of the present loss exposure in the existing contract land deposit portfolio at the end of the reporting period. to analyze contract land deposit impairments, we conduct a loss contingency analysis each quarter. in addition to considering market and economic conditions, we assess contract land deposit impairments on a community-by-community basis pursuant to the purchase contract terms, analyzing quantitative and qualitative information including, as applicable, current sales absorption levels, recent sales' profit margin, the dollar differential between the contractual purchase price and the current market price for lots, a developer's performance, a developer's financial ability or willingness to reduce lot prices to current market prices, if necessary, and the contract's default status by either us or the developer along with an analysis of the expected outcome of any such default.
our analysis is focused on whether we can sell houses at an acceptable profit margin and sales pace in a particular community in the current market. because we do not own the finished lots on which we had placed a contract land deposit, if the above analysis leads to a determination that we cannot sell homes at an acceptable profit margin and sales pace at the current contractual lot price, we then determine whether we will elect to default under the contract, forfeit our deposit and terminate the contract, or whether we will attempt to restructure the lpa, which may require us to forfeit the deposit to obtain contract concessions from a developer. we also assess whether an impairment is present due to collectability issues resulting from a developer's non-performance because of financial or other conditions.
although we consider the allowance for losses on contract land deposits reflected on the december 31, 2023 consolidated balance sheet to be adequate (see note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein), there can be no assurance that this allowance will prove to be adequate over time to cover losses due to unanticipated adverse changes in the economy or other events adversely affecting specific markets or the homebuilding industry.
warranty/product liability reserves we establish warranty and product liability reserves to provide for estimated future expenses as a result of construction and product defects, product recalls and litigation incidental to our homebuilding business. liability estimates are determined based on our judgment considering such factors as historical experience, the likely current cost of corrective action, manufacturers' and subcontractors' participation in sharing the cost of corrective action, consultations with third party experts such as engineers, and discussions with our general counsel and outside counsel retained to handle specific product liability cases. although we consider the warranty and product liability accrual reflected on the december 31, 2023 consolidated balance sheet to be adequate (see note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein), there can be no assurance that this accrual will prove to be adequate over time to cover losses due to increased costs for material and labor, the inability or refusal of manufacturers or subcontractors to financially participate in corrective action, unanticipated adverse legal settlements, or other unanticipated changes to the assumptions used to estimate the warranty and product liability accrual.
equity-based compensation we recognize equity-based compensation expense within our income statement for all share-based payment arrangements, which include options and rsus. compensation expense is based on the grant-date fair value of the options and rsus granted, and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award (from the date of grant through the period of the last separately vesting portion of the grant). options and rsus which are subject to a performance condition are treated as a separate award from the "service-only" options and rsus, and compensation expense is recognized when it becomes probable that the stated performance target will be achieved. we calculate the fair value of our options, which are not publicly traded, using the black-scholes option-pricing model. the grant date fair value of the rsus is the closing price of our common stock on the day immediately preceding the date of grant. the reversal of compensation expense previously recognized for grants forfeited is recorded in the period in which the forfeiture occurs.
as noted above, we calculate the fair value of our options using the black-scholes option-pricing model. while the black-scholes model is a widely accepted method to calculate the fair value of options, its results are dependent on input variables, two of which, expected term and expected volatility, are significantly dependent on management's judgment. we have concluded that our historical exercise experience is the best estimate of future exercise patterns to determine an option's expected term. to estimate expected volatility, we analyze the historical volatility of our common stock over a period equal to the option's expected term. changes in management's judgment of the expected term and the expected volatility could have a material effect on the grant-date fair value calculated and expensed within the income statement.
in addition, when recognizing equity-based compensation cost related to "performance condition" option and rsu grants, we are required to make a determination as to whether the performance conditions will be met prior to the completion of the actual performance period. the performance metric is based on our return on capital performance during a specified three year period based on the date of option grant. while we currently believe that this performance condition will be satisfied at the target level and are recognizing compensation expense related to such options and rsus accordingly, our future expected activity levels could cause us to make a different determination, resulting in a change to the compensation expense to be recognized related to performance condition option and rsu grants that would otherwise have been recognized to date.
although we believe that the compensation costs recognized in 2023 are representative of the cumulative ratable amortization of the grant-date fair value of unvested options and rsus outstanding, changes to the estimated input values such as expected term and expected volatility and changes to the determination of whether performance condition grants will vest, could produce widely different expense valuations and recognition.
mortgage repurchase reserve we originate several different loan products to our customers to finance the purchase of their home. we sell all of the loans we originate into the secondary mortgage market, typically on a servicing released basis and within 30 days from closing. all of the loans that we originate are underwritten to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor. those underwriting standards are typically equal to or more stringent than the underwriting standards required by fnma, gnma, fhlmc, va and fha. insofar as we underwrite our originated loans to those standards, we bear no increased concentration of credit risk from the issuance of loans, except in certain limited instances where repurchases or early payment defaults occur. we employ a quality control department to ensure that our underwriting controls are effectively operating, and further assess the underwriting function as part of our assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. we maintain a reserve for losses on mortgage loans originated that reflects our judgment of the present loss exposure in the loans that we have originated and sold. the reserve is calculated based on an analysis of historical experience and exposure. although we consider the mortgage repurchase reserve reflected on the december 31, 2023 consolidated balance sheet to be adequate (see note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein), there can be no assurance that this reserve will prove to be adequate over time to cover losses due to unanticipated changes to the assumptions used to estimate the mortgage repurchase reserve.
impact of inflation, changing prices and economic conditions see "risk factors" included in item 1a of this form 10-k for a description of the impact of inflation, changing prices and economic conditions on our business and our financial results. see also the discussion of the current business environment in the overview section above.