item 1a. risk factors our future performance is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. although the risks described below are the risks that we believe are material, there may also be risks of which we are currently unaware, or that we currently regard as immaterial based upon the information available to us that later may prove to be material. interested parties should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in these risk factors, elsewhere in this form 10-k, and in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. actual results, therefore, may materially differ from anticipated results described in our forward-looking statements.
risks specific to our business and industry deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit, and cause our customers and others, with which we do business, to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
although demand for many of our products is primarily non-discretionary in nature and tend to be purchased by consumers out of necessity, our sales are impacted by constraints on the economic health of our customers. the economic health of our customers is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, currency exchange rates, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment levels, a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic, and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. many of these factors are outside of our control. our customers' purchases, including purchases of our products, could decline during periods when income is lower, when prices increase in response to rising costs, or in periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions or political uncertainty. if any of these events occur, or if unfavorable economic conditions challenge the consumer environment, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected.
overall demand for products sold in the automotive aftermarket is dependent upon many factors, including the total number of vehicle miles driven in the u.s., the total number of registered vehicles in the u.s., the age and quality of these registered vehicles, and the level of unemployment in the u.s. changes in vehicle technology used by the original equipment manufacturers ("oem") on future vehicles, including but not limited to electric, hybrid, and internal combustion engines, may result in less frequent repairs, parts lasting longer, or elimination of certain repairs. in addition, restrictions on access to telematics, diagnostic tools, and repair information imposed by the oems or by governmental regulations may force vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. adverse changes in these factors could lead to a decreased level of demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
in addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations, and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics, and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities. furthermore, the ability of these third parties to overcome these difficulties may worsen. if third parties, on whom we rely for merchandise, are unable to overcome difficulties resulting from the deterioration in economic conditions, the cause of which could include a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic, and provide us with the merchandise we need, or if counterparties to our credit facilities do not perform their obligations, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected.
the automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
both the diy and professional service provider portions of our business are highly competitive, particularly in the more densely populated areas that we serve. some of our competitors are larger than we are and have greater financial resources. in addition, some of our competitors are smaller than we are, but have a greater presence than we do in a particular market. online and mobile platforms may allow customers to quickly compare prices and product assortment and availability between us and a range of competitors, which could result in pricing pressure. some online competitors may have a lower cost structure than we do, as a result of our strategy of
providing an exceptional in-store experience and superior parts availability supported by our extensive store network and robust, regional distribution footprint, which could also create pricing pressure. we may have to expend more resources and risk additional capital to remain competitive and our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected. for a list of our principal competitors, see the "competition" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we are sensitive to regional economic and weather conditions that could impact our costs and sales.
our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions and natural disasters. unusually inclement weather, such as significant rain, snow, sleet, freezing rain, flooding, seismic activity, and hurricanes, has historically discouraged our customers from visiting our stores during the affected period and reduced our sales, particularly to diy customers. extreme weather conditions, such as extreme heat and extreme cold temperatures, may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers' automotive parts, while temperate weather conditions may have a lesser impact on failure rates of automotive parts. in addition, our stores and dcs located in coastal regions may be subject to increased unrecoverable losses resulting from regional weather conditions and our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected.
a change in the relationship with any of our key suppliers, the limited supply or unavailability of key products, supply chain disruptions, or changes in trade policies could affect our financial health.
our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. for example, financial or operational difficulties that our suppliers may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source products from them. in addition, the trend toward consolidation among automotive parts suppliers, as well as the off-shoring of manufacturing capacity to foreign countries, may disrupt or end our relationship with some suppliers and could lead to less competition and result in higher prices. we could also be negatively impacted when our suppliers or our supply chain experiences work stoppages; labor strikes; a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic; shipping and transportation disruptions or increased costs; currency fluctuations or inflation; or other interruptions to, or difficulties in, the manufacture or supply of the products we purchase. if we are unable to effectively respond to such disruptions to our supply chain, or manage them more effectively than our competitors, our business and competitive position may be negatively impacted. in addition, changes in u.s. trade policies, sanctions, practices, tariffs or taxes, import limitations, and other factors relating to foreign trade and port agreements could affect our ability to source products and our suppliers' ability to source materials or provide products at current volumes and/or prices. these and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our store hours, stability of systems we rely on, and/or availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business.
business interruptions, including from a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic, weather-related events, terrorist activities, war, political or civil unrest, or other disasters, or the threat of them, may result in a disruption of operations or the closure of one or more of our dcs or other facilities, or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory to our stores on a nightly basis. this may affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty, among other things. some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the united states, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices. such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
in addition, we rely extensively on various systems, some of which are provided by third-party service providers, to manage inventory, process transactions, and timely provide products to our stores and customers. these systems are subject to failure, damage, or interruption, including power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, security breaches, or other catastrophic events. if these systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories, deliver product, or process customer transactions. such a disruption of these systems, and the response to remedy, could result in a negative impact on our business operations and increased costs, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
failure to protect our brand and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name, business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
we believe our company has built an excellent reputation as a leading retailer in the automotive aftermarket industry. we believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our brand. our reputation is based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities; negative publicity involving the company, our merchandise or our industry in general that erode customer trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and business. failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, health and safety, accounting or environmental standards, or existing or future laws or regulations, as well as failure or perceived failure to achieve or make progress with environmental, social, and governance goals, could also jeopardize our reputation and
potentially lead to various adverse actions from consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies, which could require us to incur substantial legal fees and costs. in addition, negative claims or publicity, including the availability of information and opinions on social media, as its impact is immediate, could adversely affect our reputation. the opportunity for the rapid dissemination of information, including inaccurate and inflammatory information and opinions, is virtually limitless and easily accessible. damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.
risks associated with international operations could result in additional costs and inefficiencies.
in addition to many of the risks we face in our u.s. operations, international operations present a unique set of risks and challenges, including local laws and customs, various and potentially complex international tax regulations and compliance requirements, u.s. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and socio-economic conditions. our ability to operate effectively and grow in international markets could be impacted by these risks resulting in legal liabilities, additional costs, and the distraction of management's attention. compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and protection of intellectual property rights surrounding items such as tradenames and trademarks in foreign jurisdictions can pose significant challenges.
in addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. given that our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. as a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation.
the stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions and potentially being targeted through the selling and buying of our common stock by a group of individuals, whose interests and reasoning behind such actions may not align with an average market participant. the market price of our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts' expectations and failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
in addition, stock market volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline. in the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such companies. if similar litigation were initiated against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
we have an unsecured revolving credit facility, unsecured commercial paper program, and unsecured senior notes, which could have important consequences for our financial health. for example, our level of indebtedness could, among other things,
●   make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including those relating to the senior unsecured notes, commercial paper program, and our credit facility;
●   increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;
●   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes and opportunities in our industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage;
●   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to service the principal and interest on our debt, reducing the funds available for other business purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures, or other cash requirements;
●   limit our ability to incur additional debt with acceptable terms, if at all; and
in addition, the terms of our financing obligations include restrictions, such as affirmative, negative and financial covenants, conditions on borrowing, and subsidiary guarantees. a failure to comply with these restrictions could result in a default under our financing obligations or could require us to obtain waivers from our lenders for failure to comply with these restrictions. the occurrence of a default that remains uncured or the inability to secure a necessary consent or waiver could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
a downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital and could impact the market value of our unsecured senior notes, as well as limit our access to attractive supplier financing programs.
credit ratings are an important component of our cost of capital. these ratings are based upon, among other factors, our financial strength. our current credit ratings provide us with the ability to borrow funds at favorable rates. a downgrade in our current credit rating from either rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program and a higher facility fee on commitments under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. a downgrade in our current credit rating could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our unsecured senior notes, preventing a holder from selling the unsecured senior notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affect our ability to issue new notes in the future. in addition, a downgrade in our current credit rating could limit the financial institutions willing to commit funds to the supplier financing programs our suppliers participate in at attractive rates. decreased participation in our supplier financing programs would lead to an increase in working capital needed to operate the business, adversely affecting our cash flows.
we rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit, and protect business operations, processes, transactions, and data. delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems, applications, or processes could adversely impact their effectiveness or could expose us to risks. our systems, and the third-party systems with which we interact, are subject to damage, failure, or interruption due to various reasons, including, but not limited to, power or other critical infrastructure outages; facility damage; physical theft; telecommunications failures; malware; security incidents; cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, spyware, denial of service attacks, and ransomware; natural disasters and catastrophic events; inadequate or ineffective redundancy measures; and design or usage errors by team members, contractors, or third-party service providers. although we seek to effectively maintain and safeguard our systems, and we seek to ensure our third-party service providers effectively maintain and safeguard their systems, such measures are not guaranteed to be successful. as a result, we or our service providers could experience one or more errors, interruptions, delays, or cessations of service impacting the integrity or availability of our information technology infrastructure. a material incident could significantly disrupt our operations and business processes; result in the impairment or loss of critical data; be costly and resource-intensive to remedy; and/or harm our reputation and relationship with customers, team members, suppliers, and other stakeholders, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
in addition, our information technology systems, infrastructure, and personnel require substantial investments, such as replacing systems, maintaining or enhancing systems, or designing or acquiring new systems. these efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, incurring more costs than expected, or implementation delays or errors, and may result in operational challenges, security control failures, reputational harm, and increased costs, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
a breach of customer, supplier, team member, or company information could damage our reputation or result in substantial additional costs or litigation.
our business involves the receiving, storage, and transmitting of certain personally identifiable or confidential information about our customers, suppliers, team members, and the company, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and suppliers. we and our third-party service providers and suppliers have taken significant and appropriate steps to protect this information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry and national clearing house standards and a security program that includes updating technology and security policies, employee training, and monitoring and routine testing of our systems. however, these security measures are costly and require constant, ongoing attention and may not prevent a security breach due to cyber-attacks, computer malware viruses, exploitation of hardware or software vulnerabilities, team member error, malfeasance, system compromises, fraud, hacking, trickery, or other intentional or unintentional acts, which could result in unauthorized parties gaining access to such information. the methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of
time. there is no guarantee that the security measures that we and our third-party service providers and suppliers have implemented, or will introduce in the future, to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, or provide us with sufficient visibility to determine if data security breaches have occurred. a compromise of our security measures or those of a third-party we entrust could result in information related to our customers, suppliers, team members, or the company being obtained or misused by unauthorized persons; damage to our reputation; adverse operational effects or interruptions; costs to the company to address the breach, which could require extensive time and financial resources to resolve; or claims, litigation, or possible regulatory action against us, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
in addition, the regulatory environment related to information security and data collection, processing, use, and privacy is complex and constantly evolving. the effects of complying with stricter and more complex data collection, processing, use, and privacy and information security laws, regulations, and standards can be far-reaching and may increase our responsibility and liability, which may increase our costs by needing to invest significant, additional time and resources and make changes to our existing practice and processes. failure to comply with data collection, processing, use, and privacy and information security laws, regulations, and standards by us or our third-party service providers or suppliers could subject us to fines, sanctions, governmental investigations, lawsuits, or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
we believe that our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning, and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel, and general business and economic conditions. we cannot be sure that our growth plans for 2024 and beyond will be achieved. failure to achieve our growth objectives may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. for a discussion of our growth strategies, see the "growth strategy" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our success has been largely dependent on the efforts of certain key personnel. in order to be successful, we will need to attract, retain, and motivate executives and other key employees. experienced management and technical personnel are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. in addition, we compete with other retail businesses to fill many of our hourly positions, which historically have had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. we must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. our business, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our key employees. we cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel, which could cause us to be less efficient, in particular in a significant inflationary wage pressured environment, and, as a result, may adversely impact our sales and profitability. for a discussion of our management, see the "business" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
risks associated with future acquisitions may not lead to expected growth and could result in increased costs and inefficiencies.
we expect to continue to make acquisitions as an element of our growth strategy. acquisitions involve certain risks that could cause our actual growth and profitability to differ from our expectations. examples of such risks include the following:
●   we may not be able to continue to identify suitable acquisition targets or to acquire additional companies at favorable prices or on other favorable terms.
●   we may assume unanticipated legal liabilities and other problems.
●   we may not be able to successfully integrate the operations (accounting and billing functions, for example) of businesses we acquire to realize economic, operational, and other benefits.
we may fail, or be unable, to discover liabilities of businesses that we acquire for which we or the subsequent owner or operator may be liable.
litigation, governmental proceedings, environmental, employment, and tax legislation and regulations may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
we are, and in the future may become, involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings, arising out of the ordinary course of our business. the damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
environmental legislation and regulations, like the initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions and bills related to climate change, could adversely impact all industries. while it is uncertain whether these initiatives will become law, new or more stringent climate change-related mandates, laws, or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing mandates, laws, or regulations could potentially be forthcoming. these matters, if enacted, could adversely impact our costs, by, among other things, increasing fuel prices or requiring additional expenditures by us or our suppliers to comply, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
our business is subject to employment legislation and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage. our success depends, in part, on our ability to manage operating costs and identify opportunities to reduce costs. our ability to meet labor needs, while controlling costs is subject to external factors, such as minimum wage legislation. a violation of, or change in, employment legislation and/or regulations could hinder our ability to control costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
new tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could harm our business operations, results of operations, and financial condition, and existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified, or applied adversely to us, which could adversely impact our costs directly or indirectly through our suppliers and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including
●   our liquidity and capital resources;
●   our critical accounting estimates; and
the review of management's discussion and analysis should be made in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, related notes and other financial information, forward-looking statements, and other risk factors included elsewhere in this annual report.
overview we are a specialty retailer of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment, and accessories in the united states, puerto rico, and mexico. we are one of the largest u.s. automotive aftermarket specialty retailers, selling our products to both diy customers and professional service providers - our "dual market strategy." our goal is to achieve growth in sales and profitability by capitalizing on our competitive advantages, such as our dual market strategy, superior customer service provided by well-trained and technically proficient team members, and strategic distribution and hub store network that provides same day and over-night inventory access for our stores to offer a broad selection of product offerings. the successful execution of our growth strategy includes aggressively opening new stores, growing sales in existing stores, continually enhancing merchandising and store layouts, and implementing our omnichannel initiatives. as of december 31, 2023, we operated 6,095 stores in 48 u.s. states and puerto rico and 62 stores in mexico.
the extensive product line offered in our stores consists of new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, a complete line of auto body paint and related materials, automotive tools, and professional service provider service equipment. our extensive product line includes an assortment of products that are differentiated by quality and price for most of the product lines we offer. for many of our product offerings, this quality differentiation reflects "good," "better," and "best" alternatives. our sales and total gross profit dollars are, generally, highest for the "best" quality category of products. consumers' willingness to select products at a higher point on the value spectrum is a driver of enhanced sales and profitability in our industry. we have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum.
our business is influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors that impact both our industry and consumers, including, but not limited to, inflation, including rising consumer staples; fuel and energy costs; unemployment trends; interest rates; and other economic factors. future changes, such as continued broad-based inflation and rapid fuel cost increases that exceed wage growth, may negatively impact our consumers' level of disposable income, and we cannot predict the degree these changes, or other future changes, may have on our business or industry.
we believe the key drivers of demand over the long-term for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of u.s. miles driven, number of u.s. registered vehicles, annual rate of light vehicle sales, and average vehicle age.
number of miles driven the number of total miles driven in the u.s. influences the demand for repair and maintenance products sold within the automotive aftermarket. in total, vehicles in the u.s. are driven approximately three trillion miles per year, resulting in ongoing wear and tear and a corresponding continued demand for the repair and maintenance products necessary to keep these vehicles in operation. according to the u.s. department of transportation, the number of total miles driven in the u.s. decreased 13.2% in 2020, as a result of responses to the coronavirus pandemic, including work from home arrangements and reduced travel. miles driven improved and increased 11.2% in 2021, and continued to improve and increased 0.9% in 2022, and in 2023, returned to more typical levels with an increase of 2.1%. total miles driven can be impacted by macroeconomic factors, including rapid increases in fuel cost, but we are unable to predict the degree of impact these factors may have on miles driven in the future.
size and age of the vehicle fleet the total number of vehicles on the road and the average age of the vehicle population heavily influence the demand for products sold within the automotive aftermarket industry. as reported by the auto care association, the total number of registered vehicles increased 13.9% from 2012 to 2022, bringing the number of light vehicles on the road to 283 million by the end of 2022. for the year ended december 31, 2023, the seasonally adjusted annual rate of light vehicle sales in the u.s. ("saar") was approximately 15.8 million vehicles, contributing to the continued growth in the total number of registered vehicles on the road. from 2012 to 2022, vehicle scrappage rates have remained relatively stable, ranging from 4.1% to 5.7% annually. as a result, over the past decade, the average age of the u.s. vehicle population has increased, growing 9.9%, from 11.1 years in 2012 to 12.2 years in 2022. while the annual changes to the vehicle population resulting from new vehicle sales and the fluctuation in vehicle scrappage rates in any given year represent a small percentage of the total light vehicle population and have a muted impact on the total number and average age of vehicles on the road over the short term, we believe our business benefits from the current environment of elevated new and used vehicle prices, as consumers are more willing to continue to invest in their current vehicle.
we believe the increase in average vehicle age over the long term can be attributed to better engineered and manufactured vehicles, which can be reliably driven at higher mileages due to better quality power trains, interiors and exteriors, coupled with consumers' willingness to invest in maintaining these higher-mileage, better built vehicles. as the average age of vehicles on the road increases, a larger percentage of miles are being driven by vehicles that are outside of a manufacturer warranty. these out-of-warranty, older vehicles generate strong demand for automotive aftermarket products as they go through more routine maintenance cycles, have more frequent mechanical failures, and generally require more maintenance than newer vehicles. we believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles, and these investments, along with an increasing total light vehicle fleet, will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products.
inflationary cost pressures impact our business; however, historically we have been successful, in many cases, in reducing the effects of merchandise cost increases, principally by taking advantage of supplier incentive programs, economies of scale resulting from increased volume of purchases, and selective forward buying. to the extent our acquisition costs increase due to base commodity price increases or other input cost increases affecting the entire industry, we have typically been able to pass along these cost increases through higher selling prices for the affected products. as a result, we do not believe inflation has had a material adverse effect on our operations.
we remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core o'reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service.
gross profit                                                                     8,104,803       7,381,706       7,019,949       6,085,692       5,394,691      5,039,966      4,720,683      4,509,011     4,162,643     3,708,901
shareholders' (deficit) equity ($) (c)                                         (1,739,278)     (1,060,752)        (66,423)         140,258         397,340        353,667        653,046      1,627,136     1,961,314     2,018,418
cash provided by operating activities ($) (h)                                    3,034,084       3,148,250       3,207,310       2,836,603       1,708,479      1,727,555      1,403,687      1,510,713     1,345,488     1,190,430
capital expenditures ($)                                                         1,006,264         563,342         442,853         465,579         628,057        504,268        465,940        476,344       414,020       429,987
(c)   during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company adopted a new accounting standard that requires excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation payments to be recorded through the income statement. in compliance with the standard, the company did not restate prior period amounts to conform to current period presentation. the company recorded a cumulative effect adjustment to opening retained earnings, due to the adoption of the new accounting standard. see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements of the annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017, for more information.
(d)   following the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act in december of 2017, the company revalued its deferred income tax liabilities, which resulted in a one-time benefit to the company's consolidated statement of income for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017. see note 13 "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements of the annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, for more information.
(i)   free cash flow is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures, excess tax benefit from share-based compensation payments, and investment in tax credit equity investments for the period.
(j)   in 2016 and 2018, the company acquired materially all assets of bond auto parts ("bond") and bennett auto supply, inc. ("bennett"), respectively. after the close of business on december 31, 2018, the company acquired substantially all of the non-real estate assets of bennett, including 33 stores that were not included in the 2018 store count and were not operated by the company in 2018, but beginning january 1, 2019, the operations of the acquired bennett locations were included in the company's store count, and during the year ended december 31, 2019, the company merged 13 of these acquired bennett stores into existing o'reilly locations and rebranded the remaining 20 bennett stores as o'reilly stores. financial results for these acquired companies have been included in the company's consolidated financial statements from the dates of the acquisitions forward.
(k)   in 2019, the company acquired mayoreo de autopartes y aceites, s.a. de c.v. ("mayasa"), which added 21 stores to the o'reilly store count. financial results for this acquired company have been included in the company's consolidated financial statements beginning from the date of the acquisition.
(m)   sales per weighted-average store are weighted to consider the approximate dates of store openings, acquisitions, or closures.
(n)   sales per weighted-average square foot are weighted to consider the approximate dates of domestic store openings, acquisitions, expansions, or closures.
gross profit                                                              51.3                51.2
the increase in sales for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily the result of the 7.9% increase in domestic comparable store sales and a $293 million increase in sales from new stores opened in 2022 and 2023 that are not considered comparable stores. our comparable store sales increase for the year ended december 31, 2023, was driven by an increase in average ticket value for both professional service provider and diy customers and positive transaction counts from professional service provider customers, partially offset by negative transaction counts from diy customers. average ticket values benefited from inflationary increases in average selling prices, as compared to the same period in 2022. average ticket values also continue to be positively impacted by the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better-engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. these better-engineered, more technically advanced vehicles require less frequent repairs, as the component parts are more durable and last for longer periods of time. the resulting decrease in repair frequency creates pressure on customer transaction counts; however, when repairs are needed, the cost of replacement parts is, on average, greater, which is a benefit to average ticket values. the increase in professional service provider customer transaction counts was driven by consistently exceptional execution of
our strategies surrounding superior service, inventory availability, and competitive pricing. the decrease in diy customer transaction counts was driven by the broader industry dynamics of better engineered parts, which last longer but result in reduced repair frequency.
gross profit:
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased 10% to $8.10 billion (or 51.3% of sales) from $7.38 billion (or 51.2% of sales) for the same period in 2022. the increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily the result of new store sales and the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores. the increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2023, was due to improved acquisition costs, partially offset by the impact from the rollout of our professional pricing initiative in the first quarter of 2022, which was a strategic investment aimed at ensuring we are more competitively priced on the professional side of our business; a greater percentage of our total sales mix generated from professional service provider customers, which carry a lower gross margin than diy sales; and a greater benefit in the prior year from selling through inventory purchased prior to recent acquisition cost increases and corresponding selling price increases.
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased 11% to $4.92 billion (or 31.1% of sales) from $4.43 billion (or 30.7% of sales) for the same period in 2022. the increase in total sg&a dollars for the year ended december 31, 2023, was the result of additional team members, facilities and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count. the increase in sg&a as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily the result of increased store staffing, wage rates, and enhanced benefits to support superior service levels, depreciation costs on accelerated refreshment of store delivery vehicle fleet, investment initiatives aimed at refreshing the image and appearance of our stores, increased expense for the market value performance of the company's deferred compensation plan, increased cost for self-insured auto liability exposure, which was driven by inflation in claim costs, and the costs associated with the resumption of our annual in-person leadership conference. see note 13 "share-based compensation and benefit plans" to the consolidated financial statements for further information concerning the company's deferred compensation plan.
total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased 17% to $182 million (or 1.1% of sales), from $156 million (or 1.1% of sales) for the same period in 2022. the increase in total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2023, was the result of increased interest expense on higher average outstanding borrowings, partially offset by an increase in the value of our trading securities, as compared to a decrease in the same period in 2022. see note 8 "financing" to the consolidated financial statements for further information concerning the company's borrowings. see note 2 "fair value measurements" to the consolidated financial statements for further information concerning the company's trading securities.
our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased 5% to $658 million (21.9% effective tax rate) from $626 million (22.4% effective tax rate) for the same period in 2022. the increase in our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2023, was the result of higher taxable income, partially offset by higher excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. the decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2023, primarily was the result of higher excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. see note 16 "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for further information concerning the company's income taxes.
a discussion of the changes in our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, has been omitted from this form 10-k but may be found in item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of the annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec") on february 28, 2023, which is available free of charge on the sec's website at www.sec.gov by searching with our ticker symbol "orly" or at our internet address, www.oreillyauto.com, by clicking "investor relations" located at the bottom of the page.
liquidity and capital resources our long-term business strategy requires capital to maintain and enhance our existing stores, invest to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, develop enhanced information technology systems and tools, and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. our material cash requirements necessary to maintain the current operations of our long-term business strategy include, but are not limited to, inventory purchases; human capital obligations, including payroll and benefits; contractual obligations, including debt and interest obligations; capital expenditures; payment of income taxes; and other operational priorities. we expect to fund our short- and long-term cash and capital requirements with our primary sources of liquidity, which include funds generated from the normal course of our business operations, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program, and senior note offerings. however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows or maintain liquidity at or above recent levels, as we are unable to predict decreased demand for our products or changes in customer buying patterns. additionally, these factors could also impact our ability to meet the debt covenants of our credit agreement and, therefore, negatively impact the funds available under our unsecured revolving credit facility.
our material contractual cash obligations as of december 31, 2023, included commitments for short and long-term debt arrangements and interest payments related to long-term debt, future minimum payments under non-cancelable lease arrangements, self-insurance reserves, projected obligations related to future payments under the company's nonqualified deferred compensation plan, purchase obligations for construction contract commitments, uncertain tax positions and associated estimated interest and penalties, payments for certain deferred income taxes, the obligation to purchase renewable energy tax credits, and commitments for the purchase of inventory. we expect to fund these various commitments and obligations primarily with operating cash flows expected to be generated in the normal course of business or through borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. see note 5 "leases," note 13 "share-based compensation and benefit plans," note 14 "commitments," and note 16 "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our leasing arrangements, share-based compensation payments, construction commitments, and uncertain tax positions, respectively, which are not reflected in the table below.
(2)   see note 14 "commitments" and note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our self-insurance reserves.
due to the absence of scheduled maturities, the nature of the account or the commitment's cancellation terms, the timing of payments for certain deferred income taxes, uncertain tax positions, and commitments related to future payments under the company's nonqualified compensation plan cannot be determined and are therefore excluded from the above table, except for amounts estimated to be payable in 2024, which are included in "current liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheets.
off-balance sheet arrangements are transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements with an unconsolidated entity, for which we have an obligation to the entity that is not recorded in our consolidated financial statements. see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" for more information on our variable interest entities. we issue stand-by letters of credit, for more information see note 8 "financing" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our stand-by letters of credit.
we do not have any off-balance sheet financing that has, or is reasonably likely to have, a material, current, or future effect on our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources.
the following table identifies cash provided by/(used in) our operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 (in thousands):
for the year ended december 31, liquidity:                                             2023                      2022                       2021
operating activities                                       $3,034,084                 $3,148,250                 $3,207,310
investing activities                                                 (995,936)                  (739,985)                  (615,620)
financing activities                                               (1,868,738)                (2,662,536)                (2,694,858)
capital expenditures                                       $1,006,264                 $563,342                   $442,853
(1)   calculated as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, excess tax benefit from share-based compensation payments, and investment in tax credit equity investments for the period. see page 37 for the reconciliation of the calculation of free cash flow.
cash and cash equivalents balances held outside of the u.s. were $3.3 million and $11.1 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which was generally utilized to support the liquidity needs of foreign operations in mexico.
operating activities:
the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to an increase in net inventory investment, compared to a decrease in 2022, partially offset by an increase in operating income and the timing of payment for transferrable federal renewable energy tax credits.
investing activities:
the increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily the result of an increase in capital expenditures, partially offset by a decrease in equity tax credit investments. the increase in capital expenditures was primarily due to an increase in store and distribution enhancement and expansion projects, as well as an increase in vehicle fleet upgrade investments, in 2023 versus 2022.
we opened 186 and 187 net, new stores in 2023 and 2022, respectively. we plan to open 190 to 200 net, new stores in 2024. the costs associated with the expected openings of owned store locations in 2024, including the cost of land acquisition, building construction, fixtures, vehicles, net inventory investment, and computer equipment, are estimated to average approximately $3.0 million to $3.3 million per store; however, such costs may be significantly lower where we lease, rather than purchase, the store site and higher where we build a hub, as they require a larger inventory investment and are generally larger in size.
financing activities:
the decrease in net cash used in financing activities in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily attributable to larger net borrowings in 2023 and a lower level of repurchases of our common stock in 2023.
a discussion of the changes in our operating activities, liquidity activities, and financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, has been omitted from this form 10-k but may be found in item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of the annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec") on february 28, 2023, which is available free of charge on the sec's website at www.sec.gov by searching with our ticker symbol "orly" or at our internet address, www.oreillyauto.com, by clicking "investor relations" located at the bottom of the page.
see note 8 "financing" to the consolidated financial statements for information concerning the company's credit agreement, unsecured revolving credit facility, outstanding letters of credit, commercial paper program, and unsecured senior notes.
the indentures governing our senior notes contain covenants that limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, create certain liens on assets to secure certain debt and enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions, and limit our ability to merge or consolidate with another company or transfer all or substantially all of our property, in each case as set forth in the indentures. these covenants are, however, subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the covenants applicable to our senior notes.
the credit agreement contains certain covenants, including limitations on indebtedness, a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.50:1.00 and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.50:1.00. the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio includes a calculation of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent, and non-cash share-based compensation expense to fixed charges. fixed charges include interest expense, capitalized interest, and rent expense. the consolidated leverage ratio includes a calculation of adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent, and non-cash share-based compensation expense. adjusted debt includes outstanding debt, outstanding stand-by letters of credit and similar instruments, and five-times rent expense and excludes any premium or discount recorded in conjunction with the issuance of long-term debt. in the event that we should default on any covenant contained within the credit agreement, certain actions may be taken, including, but not limited to, possible termination of commitments, immediate payment of outstanding principal amounts plus accrued interest and other amounts payable under the credit agreement, and litigation from our lenders.
we had a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 6.42 times and 6.71 times as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and a consolidated leverage ratio of 1.93 times and 1.73 times as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, remaining in compliance with all covenants related to the borrowing arrangements.
the table below outlines the calculations of the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio covenants, as defined in the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility, for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands):
non-gaap ebitdar                                                                 $4,067,805                $3,733,798
capitalized interest                                           7,155                     5,488
add:                   stand-by letters of credit                                   112,163                   101,741
the table below outlines the calculation of free cash flow and reconciles free cash flow to net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 (in thousands):
cash provided by operating activities                                                $3,034,084               $3,148,250             $3,207,310
less:                capital expenditures                                                    1,006,264                563,342                442,853
excess tax benefit from share-based compensation payments                  35,950                 25,503                 35,202
investment in tax credit equity investments                                 4,150                188,282                180,333
free cash flow, the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, and the consolidated leverage ratio discussed and presented in the tables above are not derived in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). we do not, nor do we suggest investors should, consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, gaap financial information. we believe that the presentation of our free cash flow, consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, and consolidated leverage ratio provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors and reflects the required covenants under the credit agreement. we include these items in judging our performance and believe this non-gaap information is useful to investors as
well. material limitations of these non-gaap measures are that such measures do not reflect actual gaap amounts. we compensate for such limitations by presenting, in the tables above, a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with gaap requires the application of certain estimates and judgments by management. management bases its assumptions, estimates, and adjustments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors believed to be relevant at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. management believes that the following policies are critical due to the inherent uncertainty of these matters and the complex and subjective judgments required in establishing these estimates. management continues to review these critical accounting estimates and assumptions to ensure that the consolidated financial statements are presented fairly in accordance with gaap. however, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates and such differences could be material.
we use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms to provide for potential liabilities from workers' compensation, general liability, vehicle liability, property loss, and team member health care benefits. with the exception of certain team member health care benefit liabilities, employment related claims and litigation, certain commercial litigation, and certain regulatory matters, we obtain third-party insurance coverage to limit our exposure for any individual workers' compensation, general liability, vehicle liability, or property loss claim.
when estimating our self-insurance liabilities, we consider a number of factors, including historical claims experience and trend-lines, projected medical and legal inflation, growth patterns, and exposure forecasts. the assumptions made by management as they relate to each of these factors represent our judgment as to the most probable cumulative impact of each factor to our future obligations. certain of the self-insurance liabilities are determined at an estimate of their net present value, using the u.s. treasury risk-free rate. our calculation of self-insurance liabilities requires management to apply a significant amount of subjective judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to resolve reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported as of the balance sheet date. the application of alternative assumptions could result in a different estimate of these liabilities. management believes the assumptions developed and used to determine the estimate for our self-insurance reserve are reasonable. actual claim activity or development may vary from our assumptions and estimates, which may result in material losses or gains.
as we obtain additional information that affects the assumptions and estimates we used to recognize liabilities for claims incurred in prior accounting periods, we adjust our self-insurance liabilities to reflect the revised estimates based on this additional information. these liabilities are recorded at our estimate of their net present value. these liabilities do not have scheduled maturities, but we can estimate the timing of future payments based upon historical patterns. we could apply alternative assumptions regarding the timing of payments that could result in materially different estimates of the net present value of the liabilities.
our self-insurance reserve estimate included on our consolidated balance sheets decreased $19 million from 2022 to 2023, which is primarily due to having resolved and paid out older, higher-than-expected self-insured auto liability claims, partially offset by our growing operations, inflation, increases in healthcare costs, the number of vehicles, and the number of hours worked, as well as our historical claims experience. if the underlying assumptions in management's estimate changed self-insurance reserves by 10% from our estimated reserves at december 31, 2023, the financial impact would have been approximately $21 million or 0.7% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2023. see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our self-insurance reserves.
we evaluate the carrying value of finite and indefinite long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values. as a component of the finite long-lived assets evaluation, we review performance at the store level to identify any stores with indicators of impairment that should be considered for impairment. a potential impairment has occurred if the projected future undiscounted cash flows realized from the best possible use of the asset group are less than the carrying value of the asset group. the estimate of cash flows includes management's assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of that asset group in operations. if the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the fair value of the asset groups.
as a component of the indefinite long-lived assets evaluation, we perform a qualitative assessment to determine if events or circumstances that could affect the inputs used to determine the fair value of the intangible asset have occurred, as well as if they continue to support an indefinite useful life. areas evaluated include changes in cost factors such as raw materials or labor, financial performance including declining revenues or cash flows, the legal, regulatory, and political environment, and other industry and market considerations, including the competitive environment and changes in product demand. if events or market conditions exist that would more likely than not indicate that impairment may be necessary, a detailed quantitative assessment would be performed.
based on our qualitative assessment, we do not believe there has been a change of events or circumstances that would indicate that a calculation of fair value of indefinite long-lived assets is required as of december 31, 2023. our impairment analyses contain estimates due to the inherently judgmental nature of forecasting long-term estimated cash flows and determining the ultimate useful lives and fair values of the assets. actual results could differ from these estimates, which could materially impact our impairment assessment. see note 6 "goodwill and other intangibles" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our finite and indefinite long-lived assets.