item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the following sections, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. the list of risk factors provided in the following sections is not exhaustive; there may be other factors that adversely impact our results of operations, harm our reputation or inhibit our ability to generate new business prospects. the following sections should be read in conjunction with "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data" of this annual report on form 10-k. in particular, see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" for additional information on liquidity and how we manage our liquidity risk and "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management" for additional information on our exposure and how we monitor and manage our market, credit, operational, compliance and certain other risks.
risks related to our business and industry damage to our reputation could damage our businesses.
maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and maintaining clients, investors, and associates. if we fail to address, or appear to fail to address, issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. these issues may include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this item 1a, including appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money laundering, cybersecurity and privacy, record-keeping, sales and trading practices, and associate misconduct. in addition, the failure to either sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels or to properly identify and communicate the risks inherent in the products and services we offer could also give rise to reputational risk. failure to maintain appropriate service and quality standards, including the perception of a decline in service and quality standards as a result of remote work, or a failure or perceived failure to treat clients fairly can result in client dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and reputational harm. negative publicity about us, including information posted on social media or other internet forums or published by news organizations, whether or not true, may also harm our reputation. the speed and pervasiveness with which information can be disseminated through these channels, in particular social media, may magnify risk relating to negative publicity. further, failures at other large financial institutions or other market participants, regardless of whether they relate to our activities, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the financial system in general.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index any cyber-attack or other security breach of our technology systems, or those of our clients or other third-party vendors we rely on, could subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation.
our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of sensitive and confidential financial, personal and other information in our computer systems and networks. there have been several highly publicized cases involving financial services companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or other confidential information in recent years, as well as cyber-attacks involving the theft, dissemination and destruction of corporate information or other assets, in some cases as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties. there have also been several highly publicized cases where hackers have requested "ransom" payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information or for restoring access to information or systems. like other financial services firms, we experience malicious cyber activity directed at our computer systems, software, networks and its users on a daily basis. this malicious activity includes attempts at unauthorized access, implantation of computer viruses or malware, and denial-of-service attacks. we also experience large volumes of phishing and other forms of social engineering attempted for the purpose of perpetrating fraud against the firm, our associates, or our clients. additionally, like many large enterprises, we have shifted to a more hybrid work environment which includes a combination of in-office and remote work for our associates. the increase in remote work over the past few years has introduced potential new vulnerabilities to cyber threats. we may also face increased cybersecurity risk for a period of time after acquisitions as we transition the acquired entity's historical systems and networks to our standards. we also face increased cybersecurity risk as we deploy additional mobile and cloud technologies. we seek to continuously monitor for and nimbly react to any and all such malicious cyber activity, and we develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misuse, misappropriation or corruption. senior management of our information technology department gives a quarterly update on cybersecurity to the risk committee of our board of directors and an annual update to our full board of directors.
cyber-attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including threat actors affiliated with foreign governments, organized crime or terrorist organizations. threat actors may also attempt to place individuals within our firm, or induce employees, clients or other users of our systems, to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. although cybersecurity incidents among financial services firms are on the rise, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. however, the techniques used in these attacks are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. although we seek to maintain a robust suite of authentication and layered information security controls, including our cyber threat analytics, data encryption and tokenization technologies, anti-malware defenses and vulnerability management programs, any one or combination of these controls could fail to detect, mitigate or remediate these risks in a timely manner. despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, equipment failure, natural disasters, power loss, unauthorized access, supply chain attacks, distributed denial of service attacks, computer viruses and other malicious code, and other events that could result in significant liability and damage to our reputation, and have an ongoing impact on the security and stability of our operations. in addition, although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber and information security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses, such as litigation costs or financial losses that exceed our policy limits or are not covered under any of our current insurance policies.
we also rely on numerous third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations, and we face similar risks relating to them. while we regularly conduct security assessments on these third-party vendors, we cannot be certain that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach. we also cannot be certain that we will receive timely notification of such cyber-attacks or other security breaches. in addition, in order to access our products and services, our clients may use computers and other devices that are beyond our security control systems.
notwithstanding the precautions we take, if a cyber-attack or other information security breach were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially maintain, or otherwise cause interruptions in our operations or those of our clients and counterparties, exposing us to liability. as attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, we may be required to expend substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our protective measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures or to communicate about cyber-attacks to our clients. a technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators. further, successful cyber-attacks at other large financial institutions or other market participants, whether or not we are affected, could lead to a general loss of confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general, which could result in reduced use of our financial products and services.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index further, in light of the high volume of transactions we process, use of remote work, the large number of our clients, partners and counterparties, and the increasing sophistication of malicious actors, a cyber-attack could occur. moreover, any such cyber-attack may persist for an extended period of time without detection. we endeavor to design and implement policies and procedures to identify such cyber-attacks as quickly as possible; however, we expect that any investigation of a cyber-attack would take substantial amounts of time, and that there may be extensive delays before we obtain full and reliable information. during such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all of which would further increase the costs and consequences of such an attack.
the sec recently enacted rules requiring public companies to disclose material cybersecurity incidents that they experience on form 8-k within four business days of determining that a material cybersecurity incident has occurred and to disclose on annual basis material information regarding their cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance. these new reporting requirements are effective for us as of december 18, 2023. if we fail to comply with these new requirements we could incur regulatory fines in addition to other adverse consequences to our reputation, business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
we may also be subject to liability under various data protection laws. in providing services to clients, we manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. as a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as u.s. federal, state and international laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. if any person, including any of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates such data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. in addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through system failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue. potential liability in the event of a security breach of client data could be significant. depending on the circumstances giving rise to the breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages.
lack of funding, liquidity, or access to capital could impair our business and financial condition.
an inability to maintain adequate funding and liquidity to operate our business could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition. we have a contingency funding plan which would guide our actions if one or more of our businesses were to experience disruptions from normal funding and liquidity sources. if the available funding from one or more of our contingent funding sources is not sufficient to sustain normal operating levels, we may be required to scale back or curtail our operations, such as by limiting lending, selling assets at unfavorable prices, cutting or eliminating dividend payments, or limiting our recruiting of financial advisors. our liquidity could be negatively affected by: any inability of our subsidiaries to generate cash to distribute to the parent company, liquidity or capital requirements that may prevent our subsidiaries from distributing cash, limitations on our subsidiaries' access to credit markets for secured and unsecured borrowings, diminished access to the capital markets for rjf, and other commitments or restrictions on capital as a result of adverse legal settlements, judgments, regulatory sanctions or an adverse change in our credit rating by one or more of the national rating agencies that rate us. furthermore, as a bank holding company, we may become subject to prohibitions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and/or repurchase our stock. certain of our regulators have the authority, and under certain circumstances, the duty, to prohibit or to limit dividend payments by regulated subsidiaries to their parent company.
the availability of financing, including access to the credit and capital markets, depends on various factors, such as conditions in the debt and equity markets, the general availability of credit, the volume of securities trading activity, the overall availability of credit to the financial services sector, and our credit ratings. our cost of capital and the availability of funding may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets, wider credit spreads or our inability to pay a prevailing rate of interest that is competitive with other market offerings. additionally, lenders may from time to time curtail, or even cease to provide, funding to borrowers as a result of future concerns over the strength of specific counterparties, as well as the stability of markets generally.
significant volatility in our domestic clients' cash sweep and bank deposit balances could negatively affect our net revenues and/or our ability to fund our bank segment's growth and may impact our regulatory capital ratios.
the majority of our bank segment's bank deposits are driven by the rjbdp and, to a lesser extent, the esp. the rjbdp is a source of relatively low-cost, stable deposits, and we rely heavily on the rjbdp to fund our bank segment asset growth, particularly at raymond james bank. a significant reduction in pcg clients' cash balances, a change in the allocation of that cash between our bank segment and third-party banks within the rjbdp, a movement of cash away from the firm, or an raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index inability to implement new or modified deposit offerings in order to retain or grow our client base, could significantly impair our ability to continue growing interest-earning assets and/or require our bank segment to increase reliance on higher-cost deposit sources, such as the esp, or other sources of liquidity to grow interest-earning assets. rapidly rising rates, for example, have made and may continue to make investments in securities, such as fixed-income securities and money market funds, more attractive for investors, thereby incentivizing them to reduce the cash they hold.
we also earn fees from third-party banks related to the deposits they receive through their participation in the rjbdp. if pcg clients' cash balances continue to decrease or third-party bank demand or capacity for rjbdp deposits decline from current levels, our rjbdp fees from third-party banks could be adversely affected. in addition, an inability to deploy client cash to third-party banks through rjbdp would require us to retain more cash in our bank segment or in our client interest program ("cip"), both of which may cause a significant increase in our assets which may negatively affect certain of our regulatory capital ratios. additionally, changes to the regulatory landscape governing the fees the firm earns on client assets, including cash sweep balances, could negatively impact our earnings.
as part of the launch of our esp, we have increased our use of reciprocal deposit programs, which allow us to place deposits at third-party banks through a deposit placement network in return for an equivalent amount of deposits to be received by our bank subsidiaries, thereby allowing us to offer higher levels of fdic insurance to our clients. if third-party bank capacity for reciprocal deposits declined, or we were otherwise restricted from participating in reciprocal deposit programs, we may have to reduce the amount of fdic insurance coverage we offer on such deposits, which may cause clients to withdraw bank deposits that exceed fdic insurance limits from our bank subsidiaries. if we are unable to maintain these deposits, we may have to pay a higher interest rate to replace them with other sources of funding, which could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. reciprocal deposit balances in excess of $5 billion meet the fdic definition of brokered deposits. such brokered deposits are subject to additional scrutiny from regulators and incur higher fdic insurance costs.
we are exposed to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and prospects.
the financial services industry faces significant litigation and regulatory risks. additionally, our litigation and regulatory risks continue to increase as our business grows internationally. many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of liability. we have been named as a defendant or co-defendant in lawsuits and arbitrations primarily involving claims for damages. the risks associated with potential litigation often may be difficult to assess or quantify and the existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. unauthorized or illegal acts of our associates could also result in substantial liability. in addition, our business activities include providing custody, clearing, and back office support for certain non-affiliated, independent rias and broker-dealers. even though these independent firms are exclusively responsible for their operations, supervision, compliance, and the suitability of their client's investment decisions, we have been, and may in the future be, named as defendants in litigation involving their clients. we are also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.
in challenging market conditions, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions have historically increased. litigation risks include potential liability under securities laws or other laws for: alleged materially false or misleading statements made in connection with securities offerings and other transactions; issues related to our investment recommendations, including the suitability of such recommendations or potential concentration of investments; the inability to sell or redeem securities in a timely manner during adverse market conditions; contractual issues; employment claims; and potential liability for other advice we provide to participants in strategic transactions. substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial impact or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business and future business prospects. in addition to the foregoing financial costs and risks associated with potential liability, the costs of defending individual litigation and claims and/or regulatory matters continue to increase over time. the amount of attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the defense of litigation and claims and/or regulatory matters could be substantial and might materially and adversely affect our results of operations. see "item 3 - legal proceedings" and note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about legal matters.
our business is sensitive to domestic and international macroeconomic conditions caused by political and geopolitical developments, fiscal, monetary, and tax policies, regulations, and other domestic or international events.
we are engaged in various financial services businesses. as such, we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic and political conditions, as well as economic output levels, interest and inflation rates, employment levels, prices of commodities, consumer confidence levels, changes in consumer spending, international trade policy, and fiscal and monetary policy. for example, fed policies determine, in large part, interest rates and the cost of funds which directly affect raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index the returns and fair value on our lending and investing activities. the market impact from such policies can also decrease materially the value of certain of our financial assets, most notably debt securities, as well as our cash flows. changes in tax law and regulation, or any market uncertainty caused by a change in the political environment, may affect our clients and, directly or indirectly, our business. macroeconomic conditions may also be negatively affected by domestic or international events, including natural disasters, political unrest, the indirect impact of wars, such as the wars in ukraine and israel, or public health epidemics and pandemics, as well as by a number of factors in the global financial markets that may be detrimental to our operating results.
if we were to experience a period of sustained downturn in the securities markets, credit market dislocations, reductions in the value of real estate, increases in mortgage and other loan delinquencies, or other negative market factors, our revenues and the value of the assets we own could be adversely impacted. market uncertainty could also cause clients to move their investments to lower margin products, or withdraw them, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. we could also experience a material reduction in trading volume and lower asset prices in times of market uncertainty, which would result in lower brokerage revenues, including losses on firm inventory, as well as losses on certain of our investments. conversely, periods of severe market volatility may result in a significantly higher level of transactions and other activity which may cause operational challenges that may result in losses. these can include, but are not limited to, trade errors, failed transaction settlements, late collateral calls to borrowers and counterparties, credit losses, or interruptions to our system processing.  periods of reduced revenue and other losses could lead to reduced profitability because certain of our expenses, including our interest expense on debt, lease expenses, and salary expenses, are fixed, and our ability to reduce them over short time periods is limited.
our businesses and revenues derived from non-u.s. operations may also be subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations, social or political instability, less established regulatory regimes, changes in governmental or central bank policies, downgrades in the credit ratings of sovereign countries, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets and unfavorable legislative, economic and political developments.
we are exposed to credit risk.
we are generally exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will fail to meet their obligations to us due to numerous causes, including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure, among others. credit risk may also be affected by the deterioration of strength in the u.s. economy or adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our clients and counterparties. we actively buy and sell securities from and to clients and counterparties in the normal course of our broker-dealers' trading and underwriting activities, which exposes us to credit risk. although generally collateralized by the underlying security to the transaction, we still face risk associated with changes in the market value of collateral through settlement date. we also hold certain securities, loans and derivatives as part of our trading operations. deterioration in the actual or perceived credit quality of the underlying issuers of securities or loans or the non-performance of counterparties to certain derivatives could result in losses.
we borrow securities from, and lend securities to, other financial institutions and may also enter into agreements to repurchase and/or resell securities as part of our financing activities. a sharp change in the market values of the securities utilized in these transactions may result in losses if counterparties to these transactions fail to honor their commitments. we manage the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits, as well as by evaluating collateral and transaction levels on a recurring basis. significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of our counterparties could lead to widespread concerns about the credit quality of other counterparties in the same industry, thereby exacerbating our credit risk. in addition, we permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. during periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the loan. if clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. this may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults.
we incur credit risk by lending to businesses and individuals, including through offering sbl, c&i loans, cre loans, reit loans, residential mortgage loans, and tax-exempt loans. we also incur credit risk through certain of our investments. our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, or geographies, or to borrowers or issuers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. declines in the real estate market or sustained economic downturns may cause us to experience credit losses or charge-offs related to our loans, sell loans at unattractive prices or foreclose on certain real estate properties. furthermore, the deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to natural disasters, health emergencies or pandemics, acts of terrorism, severe weather events or other adverse economic events, could lead to additional credit loss provisions and/or charges-offs, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital. in addition, tristate capital bank utilizes information provided by third-party organizations to monitor raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index changes in the value of marketable securities that serve as collateral for a portion of its sbl. these third parties also provide control over cash and marketable securities for purposes of perfecting tristate capital bank's security interests and retaining the collateral in the applicable accounts. in the event that tristate capital bank would need to take control of collateral, it is dependent upon such third parties to follow contractual control agreements in order to mitigate any potential losses on its sbl.
we are exposed to market risk, including interest rate risk.
market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions, which directly and indirectly affect us. market conditions that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception, actual credit quality of an issuer, or other factors such as any potential shutdown of the u.s. government or downgrade of the u.s. government's credit rating.
market risk is inherent in financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, trading assets and liabilities, derivatives and investments. for example, interest rate increases could continue to adversely affect the value of our available-for-sale securities portfolio. interest rate changes could also adversely affect the value of our fixed income trading inventories, as well as our net interest spread, which is the difference between the yield we earn on our interest-earning assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and other sources of funding, in turn impacting our net interest income and earnings. interest rate changes could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities. market risk may also affect the value of our private equity portfolio, which is carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. the value of such investments can fluctuate and the related earnings can be volatile and difficult to predict.
a rising interest rate environment generally results in our earning more interest income and an increase in servicing fees received on cash swept to third-party program banks as part of the rjbdp but also increases our costs of funds. conversely, in those operations, a falling interest rate environment generally results in our earning less interest income and lower rjbdp fees from third-party program banks, and also reduces our cost of funds. in a falling interest rate environment, we may not be able to reduce our cost of funds as quickly as we experience a decrease in interest income. the magnitude of the impact of interest rate changes to our net interest spread depends on the yields on interest-earning assets relative to the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, including deposit rates paid to clients on their cash balances. if we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
in addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of security positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. the inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on our balance sheet, thereby increasing our capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business results, financial condition, and liquidity.
our ability to attract and retain senior professionals, qualified financial advisors and other associates is critical to the continued success of our business.
our ability to recruit, serve and retain our clients depends on the reputation, judgment, leadership, business generation capabilities and client service skills of our client-serving professionals, members of our executive team, as well as employees who support revenue-generating professionals and their clients. to compete effectively we must attract, develop, and retain qualified professionals, including successful financial advisors, investment bankers, trading professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue-producing or specialized support personnel. further, effective management succession planning is important for the continued success of the firm. competitive pressures we experience, or inadequate management succession planning, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the labor market remains competitive, and we face competition for talent across all aspects of our business, as well as competition with non-traditional firms, such as technology companies. employers are developing a wide variety of offerings to attract talent, including but not limited to, increasing compensation, enhancing health and wellness solutions, and providing in-office, hybrid, and remote work options. these can be important factors in a current associate's decision to leave us as well as in a prospective associate's decision to join us. as competition for skilled professionals remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attract and retain qualified personnel, which could negatively affect earnings.
specifically within the financial industry, employers are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments, and increased compensation. our financial results may be adversely affected by the costs we incur in connection with any loans or other incentives we may offer to newly recruited financial advisors and other key personnel. if we were to lose the services of raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index any of our financial advisors, investment bankers, senior equity research, sales and trading professionals, asset managers, or executive officers to a competitor or otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. if we are unable to retain our senior professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. to the extent we have compensation targets, we may not be able to retain our associates, which could result in increased recruiting expense or result in our recruiting additional associates at compensation levels that are not within our target range. further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses generally require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues.
moreover, companies in our industry whose employees or independent contractors accept positions with competitors frequently claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. we have been subject to several such claims and may be subject to additional claims in the future as we seek to hire or otherwise affiliate with qualified personnel, some of whom may work for our competitors. some of these claims may result in material litigation. we could incur substantial costs in defending against these claims, regardless of their merits. such claims could also discourage potential associates who work for our competitors from joining us. we participate, with limited exceptions, in the protocol for broker recruiting ("protocol"), a voluntary agreement among many firms in the industry that governs, among other things, the client information that financial advisors may take with them when they affiliate with a new firm and the financial advisor's ability to solicit clients of their prior firm. the ability to bring such client data to a new broker-dealer, as well as the ability to solicit clients generally, means that the clients of the financial advisor are more likely to choose to open accounts at the advisor's new firm.  participation is voluntary, and it is possible that certain of our competitors will withdraw from the protocol. if the broker-dealers and registered investment advisers from whom we recruit new financial advisors prevent, or significantly limit, the transfer of client data and the solicitation of clients, our recruiting efforts may be adversely affected. additionally, we could experience a larger number of claims against us relating to our recruiting efforts.
our business depends on fees generated from the distribution of financial products, fees earned from the management of client accounts, and other asset management fees.
a large portion of our revenues are derived from fees generated from the distribution of financial products, such as mutual funds and variable annuities, and the various services we perform related to such products. changes in the structure or amount of the fees paid by the sponsors of these products could directly affect our revenues, business and financial condition. in addition, if these products experience losses or increased investor redemptions, we may receive lower fees from the distribution and other services we provide on behalf of the mutual fund and annuity companies.
the asset management fees we are paid are dependent upon the value of client assets in fee-based accounts in our pcg segment, as well as aum in our asset management segment. the value of our fee-based assets and aum is impacted by market fluctuations and inflows or outflows of assets. as our pcg clients increasingly show a preference for fee-based accounts over transaction-based accounts, a larger portion of our client assets are more directly impacted by market movements. therefore, in periods of declining market values, the values of fee-based accounts and aum may resultantly decline, which would negatively impact our revenues. in addition, below-market investment performance by our funds, portfolio managers or financial advisors could result in reputational damage that might cause outflows or make it more difficult to attract new investors into our asset management products and thus, further impact our business and financial condition.
our asset management fees may also decline over time due to factors such as increased competition and the renegotiation of contracts. additionally, most of our clients may withdraw funds from under our management at their discretion at any time for any reason, including as a result of competition or poor performance of our products. in addition, the market environment in recent years has resulted in a shift to passive investment products, which generate lower fees than actively managed products. a continued trend toward passive investments or changes in market values or in the fee structure of asset management accounts would negatively affect our revenues, business and financial condition.
our underwriting, market-making, trading, lending, and other business activities place our capital at risk.
we may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels. as an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings in which we are involved. from time to time as part of our underwriting processes, we may carry significant positions in securities of a single issuer or issuers engaged in a specific industry. sudden changes in the value of these positions, despite our risk mitigation policies, could impact our financial results.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index as a market maker, we take ownership of positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. despite risk mitigation policies, we may incur losses as a result of positions we hold in connection with these activities.
a continued interruption to our telecommunications or data processing systems, or the failure to effectively update the technology we utilize, could be materially adverse to our business.
our businesses rely extensively on data processing and communications systems. in addition to better serving clients, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, and competitive demands is critical for our business. introduction of new technology presents challenges on a regular basis. there are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced applications, including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies or adapt our applications to emerging industry standards.
our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to: (i) successfully maintain and upgrade the capability of our technology systems on a regular basis; (ii) maintain the quality of the information contained in our data processing and communications systems; (iii) address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy their demands; and (iv) retain skilled information technology employees. failure of our technology systems to operate appropriately, which could result from events beyond our control, including a systems malfunction or cyber-attack, failure by a third-party service provider, or an inability to effectively upgrade those systems or implement new technology-driven products or services, could result in financial losses, liability to clients for non-compliant data processing, and other violations of privacy and other laws and regulations, as well as regulatory sanctions.
the soundness of other financial institutions and intermediaries affects us.
we face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries that we use to facilitate our securities and derivative transactions. as a result of regulatory changes and the consolidation over the years among clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses, our exposure to certain financial intermediaries has increased and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives should the need arise. any failure, termination or constraint of these intermediaries could adversely affect our ability to execute transactions, service our clients and manage our exposure to risk.
our ability to engage in routine trading and funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. financial services institutions are interdependent as a result of trading, clearing, funding, counterparty or other relationships. we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. defaults by, or even rumors or questions about the financial condition of, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have historically led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. in addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. losses arising in connection with counterparty defaults may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we deposit our cash in depository institutions as a means of maintaining the liquidity necessary to meet our operating needs, and we also facilitate the deposit of cash awaiting investment in depository institutions on behalf of our clients. many of these deposits exceed fdic-insured limits. recent events in the financial services industry, including the failure of certain banks, have increased counterparty credit risk. while we perform extensive diligence on the banks we select to hold these deposits, a failure of one or more of these depository institutions to return these deposits could affect our operating liquidity, result in reputational damage, and impair our financial performance.
our risk management and conflicts of interest policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk.
we seek to manage, monitor and control our market, credit, operational, liquidity and legal and regulatory compliance risk through operational and compliance reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms; however, there can be no assurance that our procedures will be effective. while we use limits and other risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot always anticipate unforeseen economic and financial outcomes or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. our risk management methods may not predict future raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index risk exposures effectively. in addition, some of our risk management methods are based on an evaluation of information regarding markets, clients and other matters that are based on assumptions that may no longer be accurate or may have limited predictive value. a failure to manage our growth adequately, including growth in the products or services we offer, or to manage our risk effectively, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
financial services firms are subject to numerous actual or perceived conflicts of interest, which are routinely examined by regulators and sros, such as finra, and are often used as the basis for claims for legal liability by plaintiffs in actions against us. our risk management processes include addressing potential conflicts of interest that arise in our business. management of potential conflicts of interest has become increasingly complex as we expand our business activities. a perceived or actual failure to address conflicts of interest adequately could affect our reputation, the willingness of clients to transact business with us or give rise to litigation or regulatory actions. therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could result in material harm to our business and financial condition.
we face intense competition and pricing pressures and may not be able to keep pace with technological change.
we are engaged in intensely competitive businesses. we compete on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of our associates, our products and services, pricing (such as execution pricing and fee levels), technology solutions, and location and reputation in relevant markets. over time, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry, which has significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of our competitors. see "item 1 - business - competition" of this form 10-k for additional information about our competitors.
we compete directly with other national full service broker-dealers, investment banking firms, commercial banks, and investment advisors, investment managers, and to a lesser extent, with discount brokers and dealers. we face competition from more recent entrants into the market, including fintechs, and increased use of alternative sales channels by other firms. technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for fintechs to compete with larger financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone-based financial solutions. this competition has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to intensify. in addition, commercial firms and other non-traditional competitors have applied for banking licenses or have entered into partnerships with banks to provide banking services. we also compete indirectly for investment assets with insurance companies, real estate firms and hedge funds, among others. competition from other financial services firms to attract clients or trading volume, through direct-to-investor online financial services, or higher deposit rates to attract client cash balances, could result in pricing pressure or otherwise adversely impact our business and cause our business to suffer.
our future success also depends in part on our ability to develop, maintain, and enhance our products and services, including factors such as customer experience, and the pricing and range of our offerings. the financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. if we are not able to develop new products and services, enhance existing offerings, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, or successfully market these products and services to our customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors face the risk that payments processing and other services could be significantly disrupted by technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, that require no intermediation. new technologies have required, and could require us in the future, to spend more to modify or adapt our products to attract and retain clients or to match products and services offered by our competitors, including technology companies.
we must monitor the pricing of our services and financial products in relation to competitors and periodically may need to adjust our fees, commissions, margins, or interest rates on deposits to remain competitive. in fixed income markets, regulatory requirements have resulted in greater price transparency, leading to price competition and decreased trading margins. our trading margins have been further compressed by the shift from high- to low-touch services over time, which has created additional competitive pressure. we believe that price competition and pricing pressures in these and other areas will continue as institutional investors continue to reduce the amounts they are willing to pay, including by reducing the number of brokerage firms they use, and some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing fees, commissions, or margins.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our operations, earnings and financial condition.
if our credit ratings were downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected, perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, and as a result, adversely affect our client relationships. such a change in our credit ratings could also adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital and credit markets, trigger obligations under raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index certain financial agreements, cause clients to withdraw bank deposits that exceed fdic insurance limits from our bank subsidiaries, or decrease the number of investors, clients and counterparties willing or permitted to do business with or lend to us, thereby curtailing our business operations and reducing profitability.
we may not be able to obtain additional outside financing to fund our operations on favorable terms, or at all. the impact of a credit rating downgrade to a level below investment grade would result in our breaching provisions in certain of our derivative instruments, and may result in a request for immediate payment and/or ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. a credit rating downgrade would also result in the firm incurring a higher facility fee on its $750 million unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the "credit facility"), in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on the line as of and subsequent to such downgrade. see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of this form 10-k and note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information on the credit facility.
business growth, including through acquisitions, could increase costs and regulatory and integration risks.
we continue to grow, including through acquisitions and through our recruiting efforts. integrating acquired businesses, providing a platform for new businesses and partnering with other firms involve risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. while cultural fit is a requirement for both our recruiting and acquisition efforts, there can be no assurance that recruited talent and/or acquisition targets will ultimately assimilate into our firm in a manner which results in the expected financial benefits.  we may incur significant expense, including in the areas of technology and cybersecurity, in connection with expanding our existing businesses, recruiting financial advisors or when acquiring and integrating businesses. our overall profitability would be negatively affected if investments and expenses associated with such growth are not matched or exceeded by the earnings derived from such investments or growth. assumptions which underlie the basis of our acquisition decisions, such as the retention of key personnel, future revenue growth of an acquired business, cost efficiencies to be realized, or the value created through the application of specialized expertise we plan to bring to the acquired business, may not be fully realized post-acquisition, resulting in an adverse impact on the value of our investment and potential dilution of the value of our shares.
we may be unable to integrate an acquired business into our existing business successfully, or such integration may be materially delayed or become more costly or difficult than expected. further, either company's clients, suppliers, employees or other business partners may react negatively to the transaction. such developments could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
domestic and international business growth, including through acquisitions, may expose us to additional regulatory oversight, create a need for additional compliance, risk management and internal control procedures, and require us to hire additional personnel to address these procedures. to the extent such procedures are not adequate or not adhered to with respect to our expanded business or any new business, we could be exposed to a material loss or regulatory sanction.
moreover, to the extent we pursue acquisitions, or enter into acquisition commitments, a number of factors may prevent us from completing such acquisitions on acceptable terms. for example, regulators such as the fed could fail to approve a proposed transaction or such approvals could result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the transaction. the shareholders of a publicly-traded target company could fail to approve the transaction. closing conditions in the transaction agreement could fail to be satisfied, or there could be an unexpected delay in closing. other developments that may affect future results of an acquired company may occur, including changes in asset quality and credit risk, changes in interest rates and capital markets, inflation, and/or changes in customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices. finally, an event, change, or other circumstance could occur that gives rise to the termination of the transaction agreement.
in addition, we may need to raise capital or borrow funds in order to finance an acquisition, which could result in dilution or increased leverage. we may not be able to obtain such financing on favorable terms or perhaps at all. further, we may issue our shares as a component of some or all of the purchase consideration for an acquisition, which may result in dilution.
securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into merger agreements. even if such lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims could result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. an adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and financial condition.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index associate misconduct, which is difficult to detect and deter, could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm.
there is a risk that our associates could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. for example, our investment banking business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. our associates interact with clients, customers and counterparties on an ongoing basis. all associates are expected to exhibit the behaviors and ethics that are reflected in our framework of principles, policies and technology to protect both our own information as well as that of our clients. if our associates improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to future regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients. we are also subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over our assets under management. in addition, our financial advisors are required to act in the best interests of our clients and may act in a fiduciary capacity, providing financial planning, investment advice and discretionary asset management. the violation of these obligations and standards by any of our associates would adversely affect our clients and us. associate conduct on non-business matters, such as social issues, including the posting of information on social media or other internet forums, could be inconsistent with our policies and ethics and result in reputational harm to our business due to their employment by us or affiliation with us. it is not always possible to deter or prevent every instance of associate misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. if our associates engage in misconduct, our business would be adversely affected.
we are subject to risks relating to environmental, social, and governance ("esg") matters that could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations, as well as the price of our common and preferred stock.
we are subject to a variety of risks, including reputational risk, associated with esg matters. the public holds diverse and often conflicting views on esg topics. as a large financial institution, we have multiple stakeholders, including our shareholders, clients, associates, federal and state regulatory authorities, and the communities in which we operate, and these stakeholders will often have differing priorities and expectations regarding esg issues. for example, individual u.s. states are increasingly developing differing, and sometimes conflicting, rules related to esg matters, such as the recently enacted climate corporate data accountability act in california. if we take action in conflict with one or another of those stakeholders' expectations, we could experience an increase in client complaints, a loss of business, or reputational harm. we could also face negative publicity or reputational harm based on the identity of those with whom we choose to do business. any adverse publicity in connection with esg issues could damage our reputation, ability to attract and retain clients and associates, compete effectively, and grow our business.
in addition, proxy advisory firms and certain institutional investors who manage investments in public companies are increasingly integrating esg factors into their investment analysis. the consideration of environmental and social matters in making investment and voting decisions is relatively new. accordingly, the frameworks and methods for assessing esg policies are not fully developed, vary considerably among the investment community, and will likely continue to evolve over time. moreover, the subjective nature of methods used by various stakeholders to assess a company with respect to esg criteria could result in erroneous perceptions or a misrepresentation of our actual esg policies and practices. organizations that provide ratings information to investors on esg matters may also assign unfavorable ratings to rjf. public companies are facing increased pressure from stakeholders to consider esg issues in corporate actions, such as the election of directors and approval of executive compensation. certain of our clients might also require that we implement additional esg procedures or standards in order to continue to do business with them. if we fail to comply with specific esg-related investor or client expectations and standards, or to provide the disclosure relating to esg issues that any third parties may believe is necessary or appropriate (regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so), our reputation, business, financial condition, and/or results of operations, as well as the price of our common and preferred stock could be negatively impacted.
moreover, there has been increased regulatory focus on esg-related practices of investment managers, as esg investment strategies continue to be the subject of state, federal, and international legislative and regulatory debate. a growing interest on the part of investors and regulators in esg factors, and increased demand for, and scrutiny of, esg-related disclosures by asset managers, has likewise increased the risk that we could be perceived as, or accused of, making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding the investment strategies of our funds and etfs, or our and our funds' and etfs' esg efforts or initiatives, commonly referred to as "greenwashing." such perceptions or accusations could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory enforcement actions, and adversely affect our business.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results.
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting period. such estimates and assumptions may require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. one of our most critical estimates is our allowance for credit losses. at any given point in time, conditions in real estate and credit markets may increase the complexity and uncertainty involved in estimating the losses inherent in our loan portfolio. the recorded amount of liabilities related to legal and regulatory matters is also subject to significant management judgement. for either of these estimates, if management's underlying assumptions and judgments prove to be inaccurate, our loss provisions could be insufficient to cover actual losses, and our financial condition, including our liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted.
for further discussion of our significant accounting estimates, policies and standards, see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting estimates" of this form 10-k and note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
our operations could be adversely affected by serious weather conditions.
certain of our principal operations are located in st. petersburg, florida. while we have a business continuity plan that provides for significant operations to be conducted out of remote locations, as well as our southfield, michigan and memphis, tennessee corporate offices, and our u.s. information systems processing to be conducted out of our information technology data center in the denver, colorado area, our operations could be adversely affected by hurricanes or other serious weather conditions, the magnitude and frequency of which may be affected by climate change. such weather conditions could affect the processing of transactions, communications, and the ability of our associates to get to our offices, or work remotely. in addition, our operations are dependent on our associates' ability to relocate to a secondary location in the event of a power outage or other disruption in their primary remote work location. additionally, such weather events may also have a negative impact on the financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients.
our operations and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our use of a combination of insurance, self-insured retention and self-insurance for a number of risks. to a large extent, we have elected to self-insure our errors and omissions liability and our employee-related health care benefit plans. we have self-insured retention risk related to several exposures, including our property and casualty, workers compensation and professional liability policies.
while we endeavor to purchase insurance coverage appropriate to our risk assessment, we are unable to predict with certainty the frequency, nature or magnitude of claims for direct or consequential damages. our business may be negatively affected if our insurance proves to be inadequate or unavailable. in addition, claims associated with risks we have retained either through our self-insurance retention or by self-insuring may exceed our recorded liabilities which could negatively impact future earnings. insurance claims may divert management resources away from operating our business.
risks related to our regulatory environment financial services firms are highly regulated and are currently subject to a number of new and proposed regulations, all of which may increase our risk of financial liability and reputational harm resulting from adverse regulatory actions.
financial services firms operate in an evolving regulatory environment and are subject to extensive supervision and regulation. the laws and regulations governing financial services firms are intended primarily for the protection of our depositors, our clients, the financial system, and the fdic insurance fund, not our shareholders or creditors. the financial services industry has experienced an extended period of significant change in laws and regulations, as well as a high degree of scrutiny from various regulators, including the sec, the fed, the fdic, the occ and the cfpb, in addition to stock exchanges, finra, and governmental authorities, such as state attorneys general. the sec has recently been very active in proposing and adopting major new rules and regulations that affect public companies and, in particular, the financial services industry. several of these new rules have been adopted after significantly abbreviated periods for public comments, and these new or proposed rules involve sweeping changes that could require significant shifts in industry operations and practices, thereby increasing uncertainty for markets and investors. penalties and fines imposed by regulatory and other governmental authorities have also raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index been substantial and growing in recent years. additionally, an increasing number of u.s. states have proposed, or are considering, their own laws and regulations, and as a result our activities could be subject to overlapping and divergent regulation. we may be adversely affected by the adoption of new rules and by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws, rules and regulations. existing and new laws and regulations could negatively affect our revenue, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, impact the value of our assets, require us to alter our business practices, impose additional compliance costs, and otherwise adversely affect our businesses.
additionally, our international business operations are subject to laws, regulations, and standards in the countries in which we operate. in many cases, our activities have been and may continue to be subject to overlapping and divergent regulation in different jurisdictions. as our international operations continue to grow, we may need to comply with additional laws, rules, and regulations which could require us to alter our business practices and/or result in additional compliance costs. any violations of these laws, regulations or standards could subject us to a range of potential regulatory events or outcomes that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects including potential adverse impacts on continued operations in the relevant international jurisdiction.
we are also required to comply with the volcker rule's provisions. although we have not historically engaged in significant levels of proprietary trading, or private fund investment or sponsorship, we continue to incur costs to ensure compliance with the volcker rule. any changes to regulations or changes to the supervisory approach may also result in increased compliance costs to the extent we are required to modify our existing compliance policies, procedures and practices.
broker-dealers and investment advisors are subject to regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including, but not limited to: sales and trading methods; trade practices among broker-dealers; use and safekeeping of clients' funds and securities; capital structure of securities firms; anti-money laundering efforts; recordkeeping; and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. any violation of these laws or regulations could subject us to the following events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, reputation, and prospects: civil and criminal liability for us or our employees or affiliated financial advisors; sanctions, which could include the revocation of our subsidiaries' registrations as investment advisors or broker-dealers; the revocation of the licenses of our financial advisors; censures; fines; conditions or limitations on our business activities, including higher capital requirements; or a temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business. as a recent example of this risk, the firm continues to cooperate with the sec in connection with an investigation of the firm's investment advisory business' compliance with records preservation requirements relating to business communications sent over electronic messaging channels that have not been approved by the firm. the sec has announced their imposition of significant fines on a number of financial services companies in connection with similar investigations, and has reportedly conducted similar investigations of record preservation practices at other financial institutions. see note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
the majority of our affiliated financial advisors are independent contractors. legislative or regulatory action that redefines the criteria for determining whether a person is an employee or an independent contractor could materially impact our relationships with our advisors and our business, resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations.
raymond james bank and tristate capital bank are subject to the cra, the equal credit opportunity act, the fair housing act and other u.s. federal fair lending laws and regulations that impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. the u.s. department of justice and other federal agencies, including the cfpb, are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. an unfavorable cra rating or a successful challenge to an institution's performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil monetary penalties, injunctive relief, and the imposition of restrictions on mergers, acquisitions and expansion activity. private parties may also have the ability to challenge a financial institution's performance under fair lending laws by bringing private class action litigation.
as discussed in "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k, on october 24, 2023, federal banking regulators issued a joint final rule that makes extensive amendments to the regulations that implement the cra. we are evaluating the impact of the new rule which generally becomes effective on january 1, 2026, with its additional data collection and reporting requirements effective january 1, 2027. these amendments may potentially lead to increased costs related to compliance.
the federal reserve requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. the federal reserve could require rjf to commit resources to raymond james bank and tristate capital bank when doing so is not otherwise in the best interests of rjf or its shareholders or creditors.
regulatory actions brought against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, reputation, or results of operations. in particular, the raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index banking agencies have broad enforcement power over bank holding companies and banks, including with respect to unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law. there is no assurance that regulators will be satisfied with the policies and procedures implemented by rjf and its subsidiaries. in addition, from time to time, rjf and its subsidiaries may become subject to additional findings with respect to supervisory, compliance or other regulatory deficiencies, which could subject us to additional liability, including penalties and restrictions on our business activities. among other things, these restrictions could limit our ability to make investments, complete acquisitions, expand into new business lines, pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and/or engage in share repurchases. in august 2023, raymond james investment services limited, one of our u.k. subsidiaries, agreed to a voluntary application for imposition of requirements ("vreq") with the fca that prohibits the onboarding of new branches or financial advisors without the prior consent of the fca. we do not expect this vreq to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations. see "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k for additional information regarding our regulatory environment.
continued asset growth may result in changes to our status with respect to existing regulations as well as increased oversight, which will result in additional capital and other financial requirements and may increase our compliance costs.
we will incur increased regulatory scrutiny and heightened supervision (together with related compliance costs) as we continue to grow and approach certain consolidated asset thresholds, which have the effect of imposing enhanced standards and requirements on larger financial institutions. these include the potential application of enhanced prudential standards to us if our average total consolidated assets for four consecutive calendar quarters exceed $100 billion and we are therefore classified as a category iv bank holding company. under such enhanced prudential standards, category iv bank holding companies are subject to greater regulation and supervision, including, but not limited to: certain capital planning and stress capital buffer requirements; supervisory capital stress testing conducted by the fed biennially; and certain liquidity risk management and liquidity stress testing and buffer requirements. our preparations for, and the application of, these enhanced prudential standards to rjf could adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance through additional capital and liquidity requirements and increased compliance costs. on july 27, 2023, u.s. banking regulators issued proposed rules that, if enacted, would result in changes to regulations applicable to bank holding companies. these proposals, most of which would apply to us once we are classified as a category iv bank holding company, create uncertainty in planning our compliance and any revisions to the proposals may negatively impact our business, including through increased costs related to compliance at the time such regulations become applicable to us.
changes in requirements relating to the standard of care for broker-dealers have increased, and may continue to increase, our costs.
the sec's regulation best interest requires, among other things, a broker-dealer to act in the best interest of a retail client when making a recommendation to that client of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. the regulation imposes heightened standards on broker-dealers, and we have incurred substantial costs in order to review and modify our policies and procedures, including associated supervisory and compliance controls. we anticipate that we will continue to incur incremental costs in the future to comply with the standard.
in addition to the sec, various states have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations seeking to impose new standards of conduct on broker-dealers that, as written, differ from the sec's regulations and may lead to additional implementation costs. implementation of the sec regulations, as well as any new state rules that are adopted addressing similar matters, has resulted in (and may continue to result in) increased costs related to compliance, legal, operations and information technology. furthermore, certain non-u.s. jurisdictions have imposed heightened standards of conduct, which may have similar impacts on our business in those jurisdictions.
the dol has indicated that it plans to amend the definition of "fiduciary" in connection with investment advice regarding employee benefit plans and iras. imposing a new fiduciary standard could result in increased costs and other impacts to our business.
numerous regulatory changes and enhanced regulatory and enforcement activity relating to our investment management activities may increase our compliance and legal costs and otherwise adversely affect our business.
as some of our wholly-owned subsidiaries are registered as investment advisers with the sec, increased regulatory scrutiny and rulemaking initiatives may result in additional operational and compliance costs or the assessment of significant fines or penalties against our asset management business, and may otherwise limit our ability to engage in certain activities. while it is not possible to determine the extent of the long-term impact of any new laws or regulations that have been promulgated, or initiatives that have been or may be proposed, even the short-term impact of preparing for or implementing changes to our raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index infrastructure and processes could negatively affect the ways we conduct business and increase our compliance and legal costs. conformance with any new law or regulations could also make compliance more difficult and expensive and affect our product and service offerings. new regulations regarding the management of hedge funds and the use of certain investment products, including additional recordkeeping and disclosure requirements, may also impact our asset management business and result in increased costs.
failure to comply with regulatory capital requirements primarily applicable to rjf, raymond james bank, tristate capital bank or our broker-dealer subsidiaries would significantly harm our business.
as discussed in "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k, rjf, raymond james bank and tristate capital bank are subject to capital requirements administered by various federal regulators in the u.s. and, accordingly, must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of rjf's, raymond james bank's, and tristate capital bank's assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidelines. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can trigger certain mandatory (and potentially discretionary) actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could harm either rjf's, raymond james bank's, or tristate capital bank's operations and financial condition, including precluding us from accepting or renewing brokered deposits. further, we are subject to the sec's uniform net capital rule (rule 15c3-1) and finra's net capital rule, which may limit our ability to make withdrawals of capital from our broker-dealer subsidiaries. our non-u.s. subsidiaries are subject to similar limitations under applicable regulations in the countries in which they operate. regulatory capital requirements applicable to some of our significant subsidiaries may impede access to funds that rjf may need to make payments on any of its obligations. see note 24 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information on regulatory capital requirements.
the basel iii regulatory capital standards impose capital and other requirements on us that could negatively impact our profitability.
the fed and other federal banking regulators have implemented the global regulatory capital requirements of basel iii and certain requirements implemented by the dodd-frank act. the u.s. basel iii rules establish the quantity and quality of regulatory capital, set forth a capital conservation buffer and define the calculation of risk-weighted assets. the capital requirements stipulated under the u.s. basel iii rules could restrict our ability to grow during favorable market conditions or require us to raise additional capital. revisions to the basel iii rules could, when implemented in the u.s., negatively impact our regulatory capital ratio calculations or subject us to higher and more stringent capital and other regulatory requirements. as a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be adversely affected. see "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k for further information on the basel iii regulatory capital standards.
as a financial holding company, rjf's liquidity depends on payments from its subsidiaries, which may be subject to regulatory restrictions.
rjf as a financial holding company depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations, including its debt service obligations and to fund dividend payments and share repurchases. rjf's subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to prevent or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to rjf. if rjf's subsidiaries are unable to make dividend payments to us and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, rjf may not be able to make dividend payments to its shareholders, repurchase its shares, or make principal and interest payments on its outstanding debt. rjf's broker-dealers and bank subsidiaries are limited in their ability to lend or transact with affiliates, are subject to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements and, in the case of our broker-dealer subsidiaries, limitations on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage accounts to fund their businesses. these requirements and limitations may hinder rjf's ability to access funds from its subsidiaries. federal regulators, including the fed and the sec (through finra), have the authority and under certain circumstances, the obligation, to limit or prohibit dividend payments and stock repurchases by the banking organizations they supervise, including rjf and its bank subsidiaries. in addition, rjf's right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of creditors of that subsidiary, except to the extent that any of rjf's claims as a creditor of such subsidiary may be recognized. as a result, shares of rjf's capital stock are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations of its subsidiaries.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries        index risks related to an investment in our preferred and common stock the rights of holders of our common stock are generally subordinate to the rights of holders of our outstanding, and any future issuances of, debt securities and preferred stock.
our board of directors has the authority to issue debt securities as well as an aggregate of up to 10 million shares of preferred stock on the terms it determines appropriate without shareholder approval. outstanding shares of our 6.375% fixed-to-floating rate series b non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, par value $0.10 per share are senior to our common stock. any debt or shares of preferred stock that we may issue in the future will also be senior to our common stock. because our decision to issue debt or equity securities or incur other borrowings in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital raising efforts is uncertain. thus, holders of our common stock bear the risk that our future issuances of debt or equity securities or our incurrence of other borrowings may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
the depositary shares representing our preferred stock are thinly traded and have limited voting rights.
the depositary shares representing interests in our preferred stock are listed on the nyse, but an active, liquid trading market for such securities may not be sustained, and holders of our depositary shares may not be able to sell their shares at the volume, prices, or times desired. in addition, holders of our preferred stock (and, accordingly, holders of the depositary shares representing such stock), will have no voting rights with respect to matters that generally require the approval of our voting common shareholders. holders of preferred stock have voting rights that are generally limited to: (i) authorizing, creating or issuing any capital stock ranking senior to such preferred stock, and (ii) amending, altering or repealing any provision of our articles of incorporation so as to adversely affect the powers, preferences or special rights of such series of preferred stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index page introduction                                                                            39
executive overview                                                                      39
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap financial measures                41
capital markets                                                                         52
asset management                                                                        54
bank other statement of financial condition analysis liquidity and capital resources                                                         59
regulatory                                                                              66
critical accounting estimates accounting standards update risk management                                                                         67
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index introduction the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of our operations and financial condition. this md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. where "nm" is used in various percentage change computations, the computed percentage change has been determined to be not meaningful.
we operate as a financial holding company and bank holding company. results in the businesses in which we operate are highly correlated to general economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of the u.s. equity and fixed income markets, changes in interest rates, market volatility, corporate and mortgage lending markets and commercial and residential credit trends.  overall market conditions, economic, political and regulatory trends, and industry competition are among the factors which could affect us and which are unpredictable and beyond our control.  these factors affect the financial decisions made by market participants, including investors, borrowers, and competitors, impacting their level of participation in the financial markets. these factors also impact the level of investment banking activity and asset valuations, which ultimately affect our business results.
executive overview year ended september 30, 2023 compared with the year ended september 30, 2022
for the year ended september 30, 2023, we generated net revenues of $11.62 billion and pre-tax income of $2.28 billion, up 6% and 13% compared with the prior year. our net income available to common shareholders of $1.73 billion was 15% higher than the prior year and our earnings per diluted share of $7.97 reflected a 14% increase. our return on common equity ("roce") was 17.7%, compared with 17.0% for the prior year, and our return on tangible common equity ("rotce") was 21.7%(1), compared with 19.8%(1) for the prior year.
the year ended september 30, 2023 included $98 million of net expenses related to acquisitions completed in prior years and the favorable impact of an insurance settlement received during the year related to a previously-settled legal matter. excluding these items, our adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $1.81 billion(1), an increase of 12% compared with the prior year, and our adjusted earnings per diluted share were $8.30(1), an increase of 11%. adjusted roce for the year was 18.4%(1), compared with 18.2%(1) in the prior year, and adjusted rotce was 22.5%(1), compared with 21.1%(1) in the prior year.
the increase in net revenues compared with the prior year was driven by the benefit of significantly higher short-term interest rates in the current year on both net interest income and rjbdp fees from third-party banks, as well as incremental revenues arising from our prior-year acquisitions of charles stanley group plc ("charles stanley"), tristate capital holdings, inc. ("tristate capital"), and sumridge partners. these increases were offset by lower investment banking and brokerage revenues, primarily due to a more challenging market environment during the current year, and a decline in asset management and related administrative fees, primarily attributable to lower pcg client assets in fee-based accounts at the beginning of each of the current-year quarterly billing periods.
compensation, commissions and benefits expense was flat with the prior year, as the impact of the decrease in compensable revenues compared with the prior year was offset by incremental expenses arising from our prior-year acquisitions of charles stanley, tristate capital, and sumridge partners, as well as an increase in compensation costs to support our growth and annual salary increases. our compensation ratio was 62.8%, compared with 66.6% for the prior year. excluding acquisition-related compensation expenses, our adjusted compensation ratio was 62.1%(1), compared with 66.1%(1) for the prior year. the decline in the compensation ratio from the prior year primarily resulted from changes in our revenue mix due to higher net interest income and rjbdp fees from third-party banks, which have little associated direct compensation.
(1)    rotce, adjusted net income available to common shareholders, adjusted earnings per diluted share, adjusted roce, adjusted rotce, and adjusted compensation ratio are non-gaap financial measures. please see the "reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap financial measures" in this md&a for a reconciliation of these non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures, and for other important disclosures.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index non-compensation expenses increased $388 million, or 23%. this increase resulted from multiple items, including elevated provisions for legal and regulatory matters during the current year for a number of matters totaling approximately $175 million, a portion of which related to the sec industry sweep on off-platform communications, as well as incremental expenses arising from our prior-year acquisitions of charles stanley, tristate capital, and sumridge partners, and increases in communications and information processing expenses, business development expenses, and the bank loan provision for credit losses. partially offsetting these increases was the aforementioned favorable insurance settlement received. the bank loan provision for credit losses was $132 million for the current year, compared with a provision of $100 million for the prior year, which included an initial provision for credit losses of $26 million on loans acquired as part of the tristate capital acquisition. the bank loan provision for credit losses for the current year primarily reflected the impacts of a weakened macroeconomic outlook for certain loan portfolios, including a weakened outlook for commercial real estate prices compared with the prior year, charge-offs of certain loans, and loan downgrades during the year. these increases were partially offset by the favorable impact of loan repayments and sales, which had a larger impact on the current fiscal year expense than provisions on new loans.
our effective income tax rate was 23.7% for fiscal 2023, a decrease from 25.4% for the prior year. the decrease in the effective tax rate from the prior year was primarily due to the impact on our provision for income taxes of nontaxable valuation gains associated with our company-owned life insurance policies in the current year compared with nondeductible valuation losses in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in our effective income tax rate arising from nondeductible fines and penalties.
in december 2022, the board of directors increased the quarterly cash dividend on common shares to $0.42 per share and authorized common stock repurchases of up to $1.5 billion. during the twelve months ended september 30, 2023, we repurchased 8.35 million shares of our common stock under the board of directors' common stock repurchase authorization for $788 million at an average price of $94 per share. after the effect of those repurchases, $750 million remained under our board of directors' common stock repurchase authorization. we currently expect to continue to repurchase our common stock in fiscal 2024 to offset the impact of shares issued with the acquisition of tristate capital as well as to offset dilution from share-based compensation; however, we will continue to monitor market conditions and other capital needs as we consider these repurchases.
as of september 30, 2023, our tier 1 leverage ratio of 11.9% and total capital ratio of 22.8% were both more than double the regulatory requirement to be considered well-capitalized. we also continued to have substantial liquidity with $2.08 billion(1) of rjf corporate cash as of september 30, 2023, which includes parent cash loaned to rj&a to invest on its behalf. we believe our capital and funding position provide us the opportunity to manage our balance sheet prudently and to continue to be opportunistic and invest in growth. we also have access to significant sources of funding for our business activities should the need arise, including borrowings against the $750 million balance available on our revolving credit facility, which was renewed and increased from $500 million in april 2023, as well as nearly $9.3 billion of fhlb borrowing capacity in the bank segment.
as we look ahead, in spite of our expectation for economic uncertainty in the near term, we believe we are well-positioned for long-term growth, with our strong capital position and total client assets under administration of $1.26 trillion. our financial advisor recruiting activity increased in the latter half of fiscal 2023, and our recruiting pipeline remains strong across our affiliation options. we expect our fiscal first quarter of 2024 asset management and related administrative fee revenues to be negatively impacted by the 2% decrease in fee-based account balances from june 30, 2023 to september 30, 2023, as well as an estimated 5% decline in our combined net interest income and rjbdp fees from third-party banks, reflecting the impact from higher-cost diversified funding sources including our esp, which was launched to pcg clients in march 2023. while we have a healthy investment banking pipeline and saw improvement in investment banking activity in our fiscal fourth quarter of 2023, we anticipate that market uncertainty may continue to adversely impact the pace and timing of closings early in fiscal 2024, impacting our investment banking revenues. we also expect to continue to experience headwinds for fixed income brokerage revenues due to the decline in cash balances at many of our depository institution clients. finally, although we have proactively taken steps to manage our credit risk in our loan portfolio, including selling approximately $670 million of par value of corporate loans during fiscal 2023, future economic deterioration or changes in our macroeconomic outlook could result in increased bank loan provisions for credit losses in future periods.
year ended september 30, 2022 compared with the year ended september 30, 2021
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2022 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2022 results compared to fiscal 2021.
(1) for additional information, please see the "liquidity and capital resources - sources of liquidity" section in this md&a.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap financial measures we utilize certain non-gaap financial measures as additional measures to aid in, and enhance, the understanding of our financial results and related measures. these non-gaap financial measures have been separately identified in this document. we believe certain of these non-gaap financial measures provide useful information to management and investors by excluding certain material items that may not be indicative of our core operating results. we utilize these non-gaap financial measures in assessing the financial performance of the business, as they facilitate a comparison of current- and prior-period results. we believe that rotce is meaningful to investors as it facilitates comparisons of our results to the results of other companies. in the following tables, the tax effect of non-gaap adjustments reflects the statutory rate associated with each non-gaap item. these non-gaap financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. in addition, our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled non-gaap financial measures of other companies. the following tables provide a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
expenses directly related to acquisitions included in the following financial statement line items:
compensation, commissions and benefits:
acquisition-related retention                                                                                               70                          58                          48
other acquisition-related compensation                                                                                      10                           2                           1
total "compensation, commissions and benefits" expense                                                                      80                          60                          49
communications and information processing                                                                                                                -                           -
bank loan provision for credit losses - initial provision for credit losses on acquired loans                                -                          26                           -
amortization of identifiable intangible assets                                                                              45                          33                          21
initial provision for credit losses on acquired lending commitments                                                          -                           5                           -
all other acquisition-related expenses                                                                                       -                          11                           2
total expenses related to acquisitions                                                                                     130                         147                          82
compensation, commissions and benefits expense                                                                          $7,299                      $7,329                      $6,584
less: total compensation-related acquisition expenses (as detailed above)                                                   80                          60                          49
adjusted "compensation, commissions and benefits" expense                                                               $7,219                      $7,269                      $6,535
acquisition-related retention                                                                                              0.6   %                     0.5   %                     0.5   %
other acquisition-related compensation                                                                                     0.1   %                       -   %                       -   %
total "compensation, commissions and benefits" expenses related to acquisitions                                            0.7   %                     0.5   %                     0.5   %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index year ended september 30,
compensation, commissions and benefits:
acquisition-related retention                                                                                         0.32                             0.27                             0.23
other acquisition-related compensation                                                                                0.05                             0.01                                -
total "compensation, commissions and benefits" expense                                                                0.37                             0.28                             0.23
communications and information processing                                                                             0.01                                -                                -
bank loan provision for credit losses - initial provision for credit losses on acquired loans                            -                             0.12                                -
amortization of identifiable intangible assets                                                                        0.21                             0.15                             0.10
initial provision for credit losses on acquired lending commitments                                                      -                             0.02                                -
all other acquisition-related expenses                                                                                   -                             0.05                             0.01
total expenses related to acquisitions                                                                                0.60                             0.68                             0.39
total common equity attributable to raymond james financial, inc.                                                  $10,135                           $9,338                           $8,245
goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net                                                                     1,907                            1,931                              882
deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net                                 (131)                            (126)                             (64)
tangible common equity attributable to raymond james financial, inc.                                                $8,359                           $7,533                           $7,427
average common equity                                                                                             $9,791                      $8,836                      $7,635
impact of non-gaap adjustments on average common equity:
compensation, commissions and benefits:
acquisition-related retention                                                                                         35                          27                          23
other acquisition-related compensation                                                                                 4                           1                           -
total "compensation, commissions and benefits" expense                                                                39                          28                          23
communications and information processing                                                                              1                           -                           -
bank loan provision for credit losses - initial provision for credit losses on acquired loans                          -                          10                           -
amortization of identifiable intangible assets                                                                        22                          16                           9
initial provision for credit losses on acquired lending commitments                                                    -                           2                           -
all other acquisition-related expenses                                                                                 -                           6                           1
total expenses related to acquisitions                                                                                63                          68                          37
adjusted average common equity                                                                                    $9,819                      $8,887                      $7,693
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index year ended september 30,
average common equity                                                                                             $9,791                      $8,836                      $7,635
average goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net                                                           1,928                       1,322                         809
average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net                       (129)                        (94)                        (53)
average tangible common equity                                                                                    $7,992                      $7,608                      $6,879
impact of non-gaap adjustments on average tangible common equity:
compensation, commissions and benefits:
acquisition-related retention                                                                                         35                          27                          23
other acquisition-related compensation                                                                                 4                           1                           -
total "compensation, commissions and benefits" expense                                                                39                          28                          23
communications and information processing                                                                              1                           -                           -
bank loan provision for credit losses - initial provision for credit losses on acquired loans                          -                          10                           -
amortization of identifiable intangible assets                                                                        22                          16                           9
initial provision for credit losses on acquired lending commitments                                                    -                           2                           -
all other acquisition-related expenses                                                                                 -                           6                           1
total expenses related to acquisitions                                                                                63                          68                          37
adjusted average tangible common equity                                                                           $8,020                      $7,659                      $6,937
return on common equity                                                                                             17.7   %                    17.0   %                    18.4   %
adjusted return on common equity                                                                                    18.4   %                    18.2   %                    20.0   %
return on tangible common equity                                                                                    21.7   %                    19.8   %                    20.4   %
adjusted return on tangible common equity                                                                           22.5   %                    21.1   %                    22.2   %
total compensation ratio is computed by dividing compensation, commissions and benefits expense by net revenues for each respective period. adjusted total compensation ratio is computed by dividing adjusted compensation, commissions and benefits expense by net revenues for each respective period.
tangible common equity is computed by subtracting goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net, along with the associated deferred tax liabilities, from total common equity attributable to rjf. average common equity is computed by adding the total common equity attributable to rjf as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of the year total, and dividing by five, or in the case of average tangible common equity, computed by adding tangible common equity as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of the year total, and dividing by five. adjusted average common equity is computed by adjusting for the impact on average common equity of the non-gaap adjustments, as applicable for each respective period. adjusted average tangible common equity is computed by adjusting for the impact on average tangible common equity of the non-gaap adjustments, as applicable for each respective period.
roce is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by average common equity for each respective period or, in the case of rotce, computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by average tangible common equity for each respective period. adjusted roce is computed by dividing adjusted net income available to common shareholders by adjusted average common equity for each respective period, or in the case of adjusted rotce, computed by dividing adjusted net income available to common shareholders by adjusted average tangible common equity for each respective period.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index net interest analysis largely in response to inflationary pressures since the beginning of fiscal year 2022, the fed rapidly and consistently increased its benchmark short-term interest rates commencing in march 2022 and continuing throughout our fiscal 2023. over this period, the fed has increased the federal funds target rate from a range of 0.25% to 0.50% at march 31, 2022 to a range of 5.25% to 5.50% at september 30, 2023. while the fed has left its benchmark rate unchanged in its most recent meetings, it has indicated that it intends to closely monitor market conditions to determine whether they will increase short-term interest rates further in our fiscal 2024. the following table details the fed's short-term interest rate activity over our fiscal 2022 and 2023.
given the relationship between our interest-sensitive assets and liabilities (primarily held in our pcg, bank, and other segments) and the nature of fees we earn from third-party banks on client cash balances swept to such banks as part of the rjbdp (included in account and service fees), our financial results are sensitive to changes in interest rates. increases in short-term interest rates generally result in an increase in our net earnings, although the magnitude of the impact to our net interest income and net interest margin depends on the yields on interest-earning assets relative to the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, including deposit rates paid to clients on their cash balances. our domestic client cash sweep balances continue to represent a relatively low-cost funding source. in fiscal 2023, we introduced the enhanced savings program to our clients and increased our certificates of deposit balances as part of our strategy to diversify our funding sources, albeit at a higher relative cost than other alternatives.
as a result of our diverse funding sources and high concentration of floating-rate assets, we benefited from the increases in short-term interest rates during the second half of fiscal 2022 and continuing into our fiscal 2023, with combined net interest income and rjbdp fees from third-party banks increasing $1.47 billion, or 104%, compared with the prior year. however, despite recent increases in short-term interest rates, our net interest income and net interest margin decreased during the second half of our fiscal 2023 compared with the first half of our fiscal 2023 due to a more rapid increase in deposit costs than in recent periods primarily due to growth in the enhanced savings program.
refer to the discussion of our net interest income within the "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations" of our pcg, bank, and other segments, where applicable. also refer to "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group - clients' domestic cash sweep balances" for further information on the rjbdp.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index the following table presents our consolidated average interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability balances, interest income and expense and the related rates.
$ in millions                                                                                        average                  interest                  average rate                            average                  interest                  average rate                            average                interest                  average rate balance                                                                                    balance                                                                                    balance interest-earning assets:
available-for-sale securities                                                                         10,805                  219                        2.02      %                         9,651                       136                        1.40      %                         7,950                      85                        1.07      %
loans held for sale and investment: (1) (2)
loans held for investment:
reit loans                                                                                      1,680                         119                        6.99      %                         1,339                        44                        3.28      %                         1,273                      32                        2.48      %
loans held for sale                                                                               173                          13                        7.61      %                           229                         7                        3.24      %                           163                       4                        2.55      %
total loans held for sale and investment                                                       44,021                       2,671                        6.02      %                        32,352                     1,051                        3.24      %                        23,336                     593                        2.55      %
all other interest-earning assets                                                                 156                           9                        5.67      %                           124                         4                        3.29      %                           182                       4                        1.50      %
interest-earning assets - bank segment                                                        $59,015                      $3,098                        5.21      %                       $44,011                    $1,209                        2.74      %                       $33,080                    $684                        2.07      %
assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash                                   4,722                         197                        4.17      %                        14,826                        96                        0.65      %                         8,735                      15                        0.17      %
trading assets - debt securities                                                                1,059                          57                        5.40      %                           621                        27                        4.38      %                           475                      13                        2.67      %
all other interest-earning assets                                                               1,809                          67                        3.46      %                         1,944                        46                        2.33      %                         1,594                      24                        1.54      %
interest-earning assets - all other segments                                                  $12,929                        $650                        4.99      %                       $24,034                      $299                        1.24      %                       $17,033                    $139                        0.82      %
total interest-earning assets                                                                 $71,944                      $3,748                        5.17      %                       $68,045                    $1,508                        2.22      %                       $50,113                    $823                        1.64      %
interest-bearing liabilities:
bank deposits:
money market and savings accounts                                                             $40,463                        $547                        1.35      %                       $36,693                       $81                        0.22      %                       $28,389                      $3                        0.01      %
certificates of deposit                                                                         2,163                          84                        3.88      %                           870                        15                        1.68      %                           904                      17                        1.90      %
total bank deposits (4)                                                                        52,978                       1,104                        2.08      %                        39,624                       135                        0.34      %                        29,455                      23                        0.08      %
fhlb advances and all other interest-bearing liabilities                                        1,364                          37                        2.67      %                         1,001                        21                        2.15      %                           864                      19                        2.12      %
interest-bearing liabilities - bank segment                                                   $54,342                      $1,141                        2.09      %                       $40,625                      $156                        0.38      %                       $30,319                     $42                        0.14      %
trading liabilities - debt securities                                                            $727                         $36                        5.24      %                          $325                       $12                        3.64      %                          $150                      $2                        1.39      %
all other interest-bearing liabilities                                                            620                          26                        3.78      %                           328                        20                        2.48      %                           241                       7                        1.14      %
interest-bearing liabilities - all other segments                                              $9,262                        $232                        2.51      %                       $18,220                      $149                        0.82      %                       $12,649                    $108                        0.85      %
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                            $63,604                      $1,373                        2.15      %                       $58,845                      $305                        0.52      %                       $42,968                    $150                        0.34      %
firmwide net interest income                                                                                               $2,375                                                                                     $1,203                                                                                     $673
net interest margin (net yield on interest-earning assets)
firmwide                                                                                                                                                 3.30      %                                                                                1.77      %                                                                              1.35      %
(1)    loans are presented net of unamortized purchase discounts or premiums, unearned income, deferred origination fees and costs, and charge-offs.
(2)    nonaccrual loans are included in the average loan balances. any payments received for corporate nonaccrual loans are applied entirely to principal. interest income on residential mortgage nonaccrual loans is recognized on a cash basis.
(3)    the average rate on tax-exempt loans in the preceding table is presented on a taxable-equivalent basis utilizing the applicable federal statutory rates for each of the years presented.
(4)    the average balance, interest expense, and average rate for "total bank deposits" included amounts associated with affiliate deposits. such amounts are eliminated in consolidation and are offset in "all other interest-bearing liabilities" under "all other segments."
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. the following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities. the effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the previous year's average rate. similarly, the effect of rate changes is calculated by multiplying the change in average rate by the previous year's volume. changes attributable to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately.
$ in millions                                                                         volume                        rate                       total                           volume                      rate                     total interest-earning assets:                                                                                                                                                                                                  interest income bank segment:
available-for-sale securities                                                        17                           66                          83                              21                         30                        51
loans held for sale and investment:
loans held for investment:
reit loans                                                                           14                           61                          75                               2                         10                        12
loans held for sale                                                                 (3)                            9                           6                               2                          1                         3
total loans held for sale and investment                                            499                        1,121                       1,620                             269                        189                       458
all other interest-earning assets                                                     1                                                                                      (2)                          2                         -
interest-earning assets - bank segment                                             $557                       $1,332                      $1,889                            $288                       $237                      $525
assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash                     (116)                          217                         101                              16                         65                        81
trading assets - debt securities                                                     23                            7                          30                               5                          9                        14
all other interest-earning assets                                                   (3)                           24                          21                               6                         16                        22
interest-earning assets - all other segments                                     $(119)                         $470                        $351                             $36                       $124                      $160
total interest-earning assets                                                      $438                       $1,802                      $2,240                            $324                       $361                      $685
interest-bearing liabilities:                                                                                                                                                                                            interest expense bank segment:
bank deposits:
money market and savings accounts                                                    $9                         $457                        $466                              $1                        $77                       $78
certificates of deposit                                                              37                           32                          69                             (1)                        (1)                       (2)
total bank deposits                                                                 367                          602                         969                              36                         76                       112
fhlb advances and all other interest-bearing liabilities                             10                            6                          16                               2                          -                         2
interest-bearing liabilities - bank segment                                        $377                         $608                        $985                             $38                        $76                      $114
trading liabilities - debt securities                                                18                            6                          24                               5                          5                        10
all other interest-bearing liabilities                                                4                            2                           6                               3                         10                        13
interest-bearing liabilities - all other segments                                  $(1)                          $84                         $83                             $10                        $31                       $41
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                 $376                         $692                      $1,068                             $48                       $107                      $155
change in firmwide net interest income                                              $62                       $1,110                      $1,172                            $276                       $254                      $530
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index results of operations - private client group through our pcg segment, we provide financial planning, investment advisory and securities transaction services for which we generally charge either asset-based fees (presented in "asset management and related administrative fees") or sales commissions (presented in "brokerage revenues"). we also earn revenues for distribution and related support services performed primarily related to mutual and other funds, as well as fixed and variable annuities and insurance products. asset management and related administrative fees and brokerage revenues in this segment are typically correlated with the level of pcg client aua, including those in fee-based accounts, as well as the overall u.s. equity markets. in periods where equity markets improve, aua and client activity generally increase, thereby having a favorable impact on net revenues. in periods of rising interest rates, we may also see increased interest in fixed income and fixed annuity products.
we also earn servicing fees, such as omnibus and education and marketing support fees, from mutual fund, annuity, and exchange-traded product companies whose products we distribute. servicing fees earned from mutual fund and annuity companies are based on the level of assets, a flat fee or number of positions in such programs. our pcg segment also earns fees from banks to which we sweep clients' cash in the rjbdp, including both third-party banks and our bank segment. such fees, which generally fluctuate based on average balances in the program and short-term interest rates, are included in "account and service fees." see "clients' domestic cash sweep balances" in the "selected key metrics" section for further information about fees earned from the rjbdp.
net interest income in the pcg segment is primarily generated by interest earnings on assets segregated for regulatory purposes and on margin loans provided to clients, less interest paid on client cash balances in the cip. amounts are impacted by client cash balances in the cip and short-term interest rates. higher client cash balances generally lead to increased net interest income, depending on interest rate spreads realized in the cip (i.e., between interest received on assets segregated for regulatory purposes and interest paid on cip balances). for more information on client cash balances, see "clients' domestic cash sweep balances" in the "selected key metrics" section.
for an overview of our pcg segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
asset management and related administrative fees                     $4,545                      $4,710                      $4,056                        (4)      %                     16      %
insurance and annuity products                                          439                         438                         438                          -      %                      -      %
equities, etfs and fixed income products                                455                         458                         438                        (1)      %                      5      %
mutual fund and annuity service fees                                    415                         428                         408                        (3)      %                      5      %
investment banking                                                       35                          38                          47                        (8)      %                   (19)      %
financial advisor compensation and benefits                           4,537                       4,696                       4,204                        (3)      %                     12      %
administrative compensation and benefits                              1,390                       1,199                       1,015                         16      %                     18      %
total compensation, commissions and benefits                          5,927                       5,895                       5,219                          1      %                     13      %
communications and information processing                               388                         332                         275                         17      %                     21      %
business development                                                    155                         126                          71                         23      %                     77      %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index selected key metrics pcg client asset balances as of september 30,
assets in fee-based accounts (1) (3)                       $683.2                        $586.0                        $627.1
rcs assets in fee-based accounts (2)                       $111.7                         $89.9                         $77.2
(1)these metrics include the impact from the acquisition of charles stanley, which was completed on january 21, 2022.
(2)represents assets associated with firms affiliated with us through our rcs division which are included in aua and assets in fee-based accounts. based on the nature of the services provided to such firms, revenues related to these assets are included in "account and service fees."
(3)a portion of our "assets in fee-based accounts" is invested in "managed programs" overseen by our asset management segment, specifically our asset management services division of rj&a ("ams"). these assets are included in our financial assets under management as disclosed in the "selected key metrics" section of our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - asset management."
pcg net new assets as of september 30,
domestic private client group net new assets (1) (2)                      $73,254                     $95,041                     $83,275
domestic private client group net new assets growth (3)                       7.7   %                     8.5   %                    10.0   %
(1)    domestic private client group net new assets represents domestic private client group client inflows, including dividends and interest, less domestic private client group client outflows, including commissions, advisory fees and other fees.
(2)    this metric includes the impact of the departure of approximately $5 billion of assets under administration related to the portion of advisors previously associated through a single relationship in our independent contractors division whose affiliation with the firm ended in the fiscal third quarter of 2023.
(3)    the domestic private client group net new asset growth - annualized percentage is based on the beginning domestic private client group aua balance for the indicated period.
pcg aua and pcg assets in fee-based accounts as of september 30, 2023 increased 16% and 17%, respectively, compared with september 30, 2022, due to net equity market appreciation and strong net inflows of client assets during the year, primarily due to the favorable impact of our recruiting. pcg assets in fee-based accounts continued to be a significant percentage of overall pcg aua due to many clients' preference for fee-based alternatives versus transaction-based accounts and, as a result, a significant portion of our pcg revenues is more directly impacted by market movements.
fee-based accounts within our pcg segment are comprised of a wide array of products and programs that we offer our clients. the majority of assets in fee-based accounts within our pcg segment are invested in programs for which our financial advisors provide investment advisory services, either on a discretionary or non-discretionary basis. administrative services for such accounts (e.g., record-keeping) are generally performed by our asset management segment and, as a result, a portion of the related revenue is shared with the asset management segment.
we also offer our clients fee-based accounts that are invested in "managed programs" overseen by ams, which is part of our asset management segment. fee-billable assets invested in managed programs are included in both "assets in fee-based accounts" in the preceding table and "financial assets under management" in the asset management segment. revenues related to managed programs are shared by our pcg and asset management segments. the asset management segment receives a higher portion of the revenues related to accounts invested in managed programs, as compared to the portion received for non-managed programs, as it is performing portfolio management services in addition to administrative services.
the vast majority of the revenues we earn from fee-based accounts is recorded in "asset management and related administrative fees" on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. fees received from such accounts are based on the value of client assets in fee-based accounts and vary based on the specific account types in which the client invests and the level of assets in the client relationship. as fees for the majority of such accounts are billed based on balances as of the beginning of the quarter, revenues from fee-based accounts may not be immediately affected by changes in asset values, but rather the impacts are seen in the following quarter.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index financial advisors as of september 30,
(1)    includes the impacts of the transfer of one firm with 166 financial advisors previously affiliated as independent contractors to our rcs division during our fiscal third quarter of 2022 and the departure of approximately 60 financial advisors, representing the portion of advisors previously associated through a single relationship in our independent contractors division whose affiliation with the firm ended in the fiscal third quarter of 2023.
the number of financial advisors as of september 30, 2023 increased compared to the prior year, as the number of new recruits and trainees that were moved into production roles exceeded the number of financial advisors who left the firm, including planned retirements where assets are generally retained at the firm pursuant to advisor succession plans. we may experience transfers to our rcs division in fiscal 2024; however, consistent with our experience in fiscal 2023, we would not expect these financial advisor transfers to significantly impact our results of operations. advisors in our rcs division are not included in our financial advisor metric although their client assets are included in pcg aua.
(1)    in march 2023, we launched our esp, in which private client group clients may deposit cash in a high-yield raymond james bank account. these balances are reflected in bank deposits on our consolidated statements of financial condition.
a significant portion of our domestic clients' cash is included in the rjbdp, a multi-bank sweep program in which clients' cash deposits in their accounts are swept into interest-bearing deposit accounts at either raymond james bank or tristate capital bank, which are included in our bank segment, or various third-party banks. such balances swept to third-party banks are not reflected on our consolidated statements of financial condition. our pcg segment earns servicing fees for the administrative services we provide related to our clients' deposits that are swept to such banks as part of the rjbdp. these servicing fees are variable in nature and fluctuate based on client cash balances in the program, as well as the level of short-term interest rates and the interest paid to clients on balances in the rjbdp. under our intersegment policies, the pcg segment receives the greater of a base servicing fee or a net yield equivalent to the average yield that the firm would otherwise receive from third-party banks in the rjbdp. in the current interest-rate environment the pcg segment revenues throughout fiscal 2023 reflect rjbdp fee revenues derived from the yield from third-party banks in the program and the bank segment rjbdp servicing costs reflect such market rate for the deposits. in fiscal 2022, the pcg segment revenues reflected the base servicing fee until may 2022, when the yield from third-party banks first exceeded such level. the fees that the pcg segment earns from the bank segment, as well as the servicing costs incurred on the deposits in the bank segment, are eliminated in consolidation.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index total clients' domestic cash sweep and enhanced savings program balances decreased 16% compared with september 30, 2022, as a result of client cash sorting activity, where clients deploy cash balances in their brokerage account to higher yielding alternatives, driven by the higher short-term interest rate environment throughout fiscal 2023, partially offset by the launch of the enhanced savings program in march 2023, which resulted in $13.59 billion of client cash balances invested in the program as of september 30, 2023. pcg segment results can be impacted not only by changes in the level of client cash balances, but also by the allocation of client cash balances between rjbdp, cip, and the enhanced savings program, as the pcg segment may earn different amounts from each of these client cash destinations, depending on multiple factors.
year ended september 30, 2023 compared with the year ended september 30, 2022
asset management and related administrative fees decreased $165 million, or 4%, primarily due to lower assets in fee-based accounts at the beginning of each of the current-year quarterly billing periods compared with the prior-year quarterly billing periods, partially offset by incremental revenues arising from the acquisition of charles stanley.
brokerage revenues decreased $82 million, or 5%, primarily due to lower trailing revenues from mutual fund and annuity products primarily resulting from market-driven declines in asset values for products for which we receive trails, as well as lower sales of equity products, mutual and other fund products, variable annuities, and insurance products. these decreases were partially offset by higher fixed annuity and fixed income product sales.
account and service fees increased $1.03 billion, or 85%, primarily due to an increase in rjbdp fees from both our bank segment and third-party banks resulting from significantly higher short-term interest rates compared with the prior year, partially offset by a decline in average rjbdp balances.
other revenues increased $16 million, or 50%, primarily due to a favorable arbitration award during the fiscal third quarter of 2023. the benefit of this award was largely offset by associated compensation expenses and external legal fees incurred over the duration of the claim period, a portion of which was incurred during fiscal 2023.
compensation-related expenses increased $32 million, or 1%, primarily due to an increase in compensation costs to support our growth, annual salary increases, and incremental expenses resulting from our acquisition of charles stanley, partially offset by lower commission expense resulting from lower compensable revenues, including asset management and related administrative fees and brokerage revenues.
non-compensation expenses increased $179 million, or 23%, due to higher provisions for legal and regulatory matters, incremental expenses resulting from our acquisition of charles stanley, higher communications and information processing expenses primarily due to ongoing enhancements of our technology platforms, and increases in travel and event-related expenses compared with the low levels incurred in the prior year.
year ended september 30, 2022 compared with the year ended september 30, 2021
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2022 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2022 results compared to fiscal 2021.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index results of operations - capital markets our capital markets segment conducts investment banking, institutional sales, securities trading, equity research, and the syndication and management of investments in low-income housing funds and funds of a similar nature, the majority of which qualify for tax credits.
we provide various investment banking services, including merger & acquisition advisory, and other advisory services, underwriting of public and private equity and debt financing for corporate clients, and public financing activities. revenues from investment banking activities are driven principally by our role in the transaction and the number and sizes of the transactions with which we are involved.
we earn brokerage revenues for the sale of both equity and fixed income products to institutional clients, as well as from our market-making activities in fixed income debt securities. client activity is influenced by a combination of general market activity and our capital markets group's ability to find attractive investment opportunities for clients.  in certain cases, we transact on a principal basis, which involves the purchase of securities from, and the sale of securities to, our clients as well as other dealers who may be purchasing or selling securities for their own account or acting on behalf of their clients.  profits and losses related to this activity are primarily derived from the spreads between bid and ask prices, as well as market trends for the individual securities during the period we hold them. to facilitate such transactions, we carry inventories of financial instruments. in our fixed income businesses, we also enter into interest rate swaps and futures contracts to facilitate client transactions or to actively manage risk exposures.
for an overview of our capital markets segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
equity                                                                130                       142                       145                        (8)      %                    (2)      %
investment banking:
merger &amp; acquisition and advisory                                 418                       709                       639                       (41)      %                     11      %
equity underwriting                                                    85                       210                       285                       (60)      %                   (26)      %
debt underwriting                                                     110                       143                       172                       (23)      %                   (17)      %
total investment banking                                              613                     1,062                     1,096                       (42)      %                    (3)      %
affordable housing investments business revenues                      109                       127                       105                       (14)      %                     21      %
compensation, commissions and benefits                                902                     1,065                     1,055                       (15)      %                      1      %
communications and information processing                             102                        89                        83                         15      %                      7      %
business development                                                   61                        45                        34                         36      %                     32      %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index year ended september 30, 2023 compared with the year ended september 30, 2022
net revenues of $1.21 billion decreased 33% and we generated a pre-tax loss of $91 million compared with pre-tax income of $415 million in the prior year.
investment banking revenues decreased $449 million, or 42%, compared with a strong prior year, as activity levels were negatively impacted in the current year by macroeconomic uncertainties and significantly higher interest rates, which dampened capital markets activity across the industry. investment banking revenues improved during our fiscal fourth quarter compared to the first three quarters of 2023.
brokerage revenues decreased $115 million, or 19%, primarily due to a decrease in fixed income brokerage revenues resulting from decreased activity from depository institution clients due to challenging market conditions, partially offset by incremental revenues from sumridge partners, which was acquired on july 1, 2022.
compensation-related expenses decreased $163 million, or 15%, primarily due to the decrease in revenues, partially offset by incremental expenses associated with growth investments, including our acquisition of sumridge partners, higher salaries, in part due to inflationary and market compensation pressures, and higher share-based compensation amortization resulting from production-related awards granted in prior years which are amortized over the vesting period.
non-compensation expenses increased $74 million, or 22%, primarily due to incremental expenses associated with sumridge partners, higher provisions for legal and regulatory matters in the current year, and increased travel and event-related expenses and professional fees.
year ended september 30, 2022 compared with the year ended september 30, 2021
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2022 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2022 results compared to fiscal 2021.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index results of operations - asset management our asset management segment earns asset management and related administrative fees for providing asset management, portfolio management and related administrative services to retail and institutional clients. this segment oversees the portion of our fee-based aua invested in "managed programs" for our pcg clients through ams. this segment also provides asset management services through raymond james investment management for certain retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts, and proprietary mutual funds that we manage, generally using active portfolio management strategies. asset management fees are based on fee-billable assets under management, which are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets. rising equity markets have historically had a positive impact on revenues as existing accounts increase in value. conversely, declining markets typically have a negative impact on revenue levels.
our asset management segment also earns administrative fees on certain fee-based assets within pcg that are not overseen by our asset management segment, but for which the segment provides administrative support (e.g., record-keeping). these administrative fees are based on asset balances, which are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets.
our asset management segment also earns asset management and related administrative fees through services provided by rj trust and rjtcnh. for an overview of our asset management segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
asset management and related administrative fees:
total asset management and related administrative fees                      846                       882                       837                        (4)      %                      5      %
compensation, commissions and benefits                                      198                       194                       182                          2      %                      7      %
communications and information processing                                    57                        53                        47                          8      %                     13      %
investment sub-advisory fees                                                147                       149                       127                        (1)      %                     17      %
selected key metrics managed programs management fees recorded in our asset management segment are generally calculated as a percentage of the value of our fee-billable aum. these aum include the portion of fee-based aua in our pcg segment that is invested in programs overseen by our asset management segment (included in the "ams" line of the following table), as well as retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts and proprietary mutual funds that we manage (collectively included in the "raymond james investment management" line of the following table).
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index revenues related to fee-based aua in our pcg segment are shared by the pcg and asset management segments, the amount of which depends on whether or not clients are invested in assets that are in managed programs overseen by our asset management segment and the administrative services provided (see our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group" for more information). our aum in ams are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets, including transfers between fee-based accounts and transaction-based accounts within our pcg segment.
revenues earned by raymond james investment management for retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts and our proprietary mutual funds are recorded entirely in the asset management segment. our aum in raymond james investment management are impacted by market and investment performance and net inflows or outflows of assets, including the impact of acquisitions.
fees for our managed programs are generally collected quarterly. approximately 65% of these fees are based on balances as of the beginning of the quarter (primarily in ams), approximately 15% are based on balances as of the end of the quarter, and approximately 20% are based on average daily balances throughout the quarter.
financial assets under management as of september 30,
raymond james investment management                                       68.7                        64.2                        67.8
subtotal financial assets under management                               207.9                       184.0                       202.2
less: assets managed for affiliated entities (2)                        (11.5)                      (10.2)                      (10.3)
total financial assets under management                                 $196.4                      $173.8                      $191.9
(1)represents the portion of our pcg segment fee-based aua (as disclosed in "assets in fee-based accounts" in the "selected key metrics - pcg client asset balances" section of our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group") that is invested in managed programs overseen by the asset management segment.
(2)represents the portion of the ams aum that is managed by raymond james investment management and, as a result, are included in both ams and raymond james investment management in the preceding table. this amount is removed in the calculation of "total financial assets under management."
activity (including activity in assets managed for affiliated entities)
financial assets under management at beginning of year                           $184.0                      $202.2                      $161.7
raymond james investment management:
acquisition of chartwell investment partners ("chartwell') (1)                        -                         9.8                           -
raymond james investment management - net inflows/(outflows)                        2.2                       (1.5)                       (0.5)
net market appreciation/(depreciation) in asset values                             15.7                      (36.2)                        27.5
financial assets under management at end of year                                 $207.9                      $184.0                      $202.2
(1)represents june 1, 2022 assets under management of chartwell, a registered investment adviser acquired as part of the tristate capital acquisition. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about this acquisition.
ams see "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group" for further information about our retail client assets, including those fee-based assets invested in programs managed by ams.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index raymond james investment management assets managed by raymond james investment management include assets managed by our subsidiaries: eagle asset management, scout investments, reams asset management (a division of scout investments), clarivest asset management, cougar global investments, and chartwell, which was acquired on june 1, 2022 in connection with our acquisition of tristate capital. the following table presents raymond james investment management's aum by objective, excluding assets for which it does not exercise discretion, as well as the approximate average client fee rate earned on such assets.
$ in billions                                                     aum                       average fee rate equity                                                     $23.0                                0.56       %
total financial assets under management                    $68.7                                0.34       %
non-discretionary asset-based programs the following table includes assets held in certain non-discretionary asset-based programs for which the asset management segment does not exercise discretion but provides administrative support (including for affiliated entities). the vast majority of these assets are also included in our pcg segment fee-based aua (as disclosed in "assets in fee-based accounts" in the "selected key metrics - pcg client asset balances" section of our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group").
total assets                     $391.1                      $329.2                      $365.3
the increase in assets compared to the prior year was primarily due to equity market appreciation, successful financial advisor recruiting and retention, and the continued trend of clients moving to fee-based accounts from transaction-based accounts. administrative fees associated with these programs are predominantly based on balances at the beginning of each quarterly billing period.
rj trust the following table includes assets held in asset-based programs in rj trust (including those managed for affiliated entities).
total assets                     $8.5                      $7.3                      $8.1
year ended september 30, 2023 compared with the year ended september 30, 2022
asset management and related administrative fees decreased $36 million, or 4%, driven by lower assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs and financial assets under management at ams at the beginning of each of the current-year quarterly billing periods compared with the prior-year quarterly billing periods, as well as lower average financial assets under management at raymond james investment management (excluding chartwell), in each case primarily due to market-driven depreciation in asset values. these declines were partially offset by incremental revenues of chartwell.
compensation expenses increased $4 million, or 2%, and non-compensation expenses increased $2 million, or 1%, both primarily due to incremental expenses resulting from the chartwell acquisition.
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2022 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2022 results compared to fiscal 2021.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index results of operations - bank the bank segment provides various types of loans, including sbl, corporate loans, residential mortgage loans, and tax-exempt loans. our bank segment is active in corporate loan syndications and participations and lending directly to clients. we also provide fdic-insured deposit accounts, including to clients of our broker-dealer subsidiaries, as well as other retail and corporate deposit and liquidity management products and services. our bank segment generates net interest income principally through the interest income earned on loans and an investment portfolio of available-for-sale securities, which is offset by the interest expense it pays on client deposits and on its borrowings. our bank segment's net interest income is affected by the levels of interest rates, interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. higher interest-earning asset balances and higher interest rates generally lead to increased net interest income, depending upon spreads realized on interest-bearing liabilities. for more information on average interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability balances and the related interest income and expense, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - net interest analysis" of this form 10-k. for an overview of our bank segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k. our bank segment results include the results of tristate capital bank since the acquisition date of june 1, 2022. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding this acquisition.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
compensation and benefits                                            177                          84                        51                        111      %                     65      %
bank loan provision/(benefit) for credit losses                      132                         100                      (32)                         32      %                            nm rjbdp fees to pcg                                                  1,093                         357                       183                        206      %                     95      %
year ended september 30, 2023 compared with the year ended september 30, 2022
net interest income increased $904 million, or 86%, due to the significant increase in short-term interest rates and higher average interest-earning assets at raymond james bank, primarily bank loans, as well as incremental net interest income from the acquisition of tristate capital bank. these increases were partially offset by an increase in interest expense as we pursue more diversified funding sources which have a higher relative cost, such as the enhanced savings program launched to pcg clients in our second fiscal quarter of 2023 and additional offerings of certificates of deposit. the net interest margin increased to 3.28% from 2.39% for the prior year.
all other revenues increased $25 million, or 81%, primarily due to incremental revenues from the tristate capital bank acquisition largely related to derivatives, valuation gains on certain company-owned life insurance policies compared with losses in the prior year, and higher foreign currency gains compared with the prior year.
the bank loan provision for credit losses was $132 million for the current year, compared with $100 million for the prior year. the bank loan provision for credit losses for the current year primarily reflected the impacts of a weakened macroeconomic outlook for certain loan portfolios, including a weakened outlook for commercial real estate prices compared with the prior year, charge-offs of certain loans, and loan downgrades during the year. these increases were partially offset by the favorable impact of loan repayments and sales, which had a larger impact on the current fiscal year expense than provisions on new loans. the provision for credit losses for the prior year reflected the impact of loan growth at raymond james bank and a weaker
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index economic outlook at that time, as well as an initial provision for credit losses on loans acquired as part of the tristate capital bank acquisition.
compensation expenses increased $93 million, or 111%, primarily due to incremental expenses of tristate capital bank and, to a lesser extent, increased headcount and annual salary increases.
non-compensation expenses, excluding the bank loan provision for credit losses, increased $815 million, or 157%, primarily due to an increase in rjbdp and other fees paid to pcg, and incremental expenses associated with tristate capital bank. rjbdp fees paid to pcg increased $736 million, or 206%, primarily due to a significant increase in short-term interest rates. these bank segment fees and the related revenues earned by the pcg segment are eliminated in consolidation (see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - private client group" for further information about these servicing fees).
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2022 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2022 results compared to fiscal 2021.
results of operations - other this segment includes interest income on certain corporate cash balances, our private equity investments, which predominantly consist of investments in third-party funds, certain other corporate investing activity, and certain corporate overhead costs of rjf that are not allocated to other segments, including the interest costs on our public debt and any losses on extinguishment of such debt, certain provisions for legal and regulatory matters, and certain acquisition-related expenses. for an overview of our other segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
net gains on private equity investments                          6                           9                          74                       (33)      %                   (88)      %
compensation and benefits                                       95                          90                          77                          6      %                     17      %
non-interest expenses increased $32 million, or 23%, primarily due to a provision in the current year related to the sec industry sweep on off-platform communications. this increase was partially offset by a $32 million insurance settlement received during the current year related to a previously settled legal matter, which was reflected as an offset to other expenses, and a $22 million decrease in acquisition-related expenses.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index year ended september 30, 2022 compared to the year ended september 30, 2021
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2022 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2022 results compared to fiscal 2021.
statement of financial condition analysis the assets on our consolidated statements of financial condition consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents, assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash (primarily segregated for the benefit of clients), receivables including bank loans, financial instruments held either for trading purposes or as investments, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, and other assets.  a significant portion of our assets were liquid in nature, providing us with flexibility in financing our business.
total assets of $78.36 billion as of september 30, 2023 were $2.59 billion, or 3%, less than our total assets as of september 30, 2022. assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash decreased $5.25 billion, primarily due to a decrease in client cash sweep balances, which resulted in a decline in client cash held in our cip and a corresponding decline in segregated assets. the available-for-sale securities portfolio decreased $704 million as a result of our intention to utilize the cash generated from maturities in this portfolio as a source of funding for our business activities. partially offsetting these decreases was a $3.14 billion increase in cash and cash equivalents as we have increased the cash held in our bank segment since september 30, 2022 as a result of market factors that have impacted the banking industry during fiscal 2023, providing us flexibility to meet the needs of our clients. bank loans, net increased $536 million primarily driven by an increase in residential mortgage loans and cre loans, partially offset by a decrease in c&i loans and sbl.
as of september 30, 2023, our total liabilities of $68.17 billion were $3.35 billion, or 5%, less than our total liabilities as of september 30, 2022, primarily driven by a $6.0 billion decline in brokerage client payables, primarily related to the aforementioned decrease in cip balances as of september 30, 2023. this decrease was partially offset by an increase in bank deposits of $2.84 billion, primarily due to the launch of the esp to pcg clients in march 2023, which raised $13.59 billion of deposits during the year ended september 30, 2023, enabling us to shift a portion of our client cash sweep balances in the rjbdp from being held as bank deposits in our bank segment to third-party banks in our rjbdp, which do not impact our consolidated statements of financial condition. the increase in deposits also allowed us to reduce our already modest level of borrowings from the fhlb by $190 million compared to september 30, 2022, despite the banking market conditions that arose during fiscal 2023.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital are essential to our business. the primary goal of our liquidity management activities is to ensure adequate funding and liquidity to conduct our business over a range of economic and market environments, including times of broader industry or market liquidity stress events, such as those which occurred in the banking industry during fiscal 2023. in times of market stress or uncertainty, we generally maintain higher levels of capital and liquidity, including increased cash levels in our bank segment, to ensure we have adequate funding to support our business and meet our clients' needs. we seek to manage capital levels to support execution of our business strategy, provide financial strength to our subsidiaries, and maintain sustained access to the capital markets, while at the same time meeting our regulatory capital requirements and conservative internal management targets.
liquidity and capital resources are provided primarily through our business operations and financing activities.  our business operations generate substantially all of their own liquidity and funding needs. we have a contingency funding plan which would guide our actions if one or more of our businesses were to experience disruptions from normal funding and liquidity sources. these actions include reallocating client cash balances in the rjbdp from third-party banks to our bank subsidiaries thereby bringing those deposits onto our consolidated statements of financial condition, increasing our fhlb borrowings at our bank subsidiaries, accessing committed and uncommitted lines of credit at the parent or certain operating subsidiaries, accessing capital markets, or in certain circumstances accessing certain borrowings from the federal reserve.
we also have the ability to create additional sources of funding by developing new products to meet the financial needs of our clients. in march 2023 we launched the esp by which pcg clients can deposit cash in a fdic-insured high-yield raymond james bank account. with each of our deposit offerings, we work to obtain sufficient liquidity to support our business operations while also maintaining a high level of fdic insurance coverage for our clients.
our financing activities could also include bank borrowings, collateralized financing arrangements, or additional capital raising activities under our "universal" shelf registration statement. we believe our existing assets, most of which are liquid in nature, raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index together with funds generated from operations and available from committed and uncommitted financing facilities, provide adequate funds for continuing operations at current levels of activity in the short-term. we also believe that we will be able to continue to meet our long-term funding and liquidity requirements due to our strong financial position and ability to access capital from financial markets.
liquidity and capital management senior management establishes our liquidity and capital management frameworks. our liquidity and capital management frameworks are overseen by the rjf asset and liability committee, a senior management committee that develops and executes strategies and policies to manage our liquidity risk and interest rate risk, as well as provides oversight over the firm's investments. our liquidity management framework is designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of funding, even when funding markets experience stress. we manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across products and seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets (e.g., the maturities of our available-for-sale securities portfolio). the liquidity management framework includes senior management's review of short- and long-term cash flow forecasts, review of necessary expenditures, monitoring of the availability of alternative sources of financing, and daily monitoring of liquidity in our significant subsidiaries. our decisions on the allocation of resources to our business units consider, among other factors, projected profitability, cash flow, risk, future liquidity needs, and required capital levels. our treasury department assists in evaluating, monitoring and controlling the impact that our business activities have on our financial condition and liquidity, and also maintains our relationships with various lenders. the objective of our liquidity management framework is to support the successful execution of our business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient funding and liquidity.
our capital planning and capital risk management processes are governed by the capital planning committee ("cpc"), a senior management committee that provides oversight on our capital planning and ensures that our strategic planning and risk management processes are integrated into the capital planning process. the cpc meets at least quarterly to review key metrics related to the firm's capital, such as debt structure and capital ratios; to analyze potential and emerging risks to capital; to oversee our annual firmwide capital stress test; and to propose capital actions to the board of directors, such as declaring dividends, repurchasing securities, and raising capital. to ensure that we have sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses, the firm adheres to capital risk appetite statements and tolerances set in excess of regulatory minimums, which are established by the cpc and approved by the board of directors. we conduct enterprise-wide capital stress testing to ensure that we maintain adequate capital to adhere to our established tolerances under multiple scenarios, including a stressed scenario.
capital structure common equity (i.e., common stock, additional paid-in capital, and retained earnings) is the primary component of our capital structure. common equity allows for the absorption of losses on an ongoing basis and for the conservation of resources during stress periods, as it provides us with discretion on the amount and timing of dividends and other capital actions. information about our common equity is included in the consolidated statements of financial condition, the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders' equity, and note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
under regulatory capital rules applicable to us as a bank holding company, we are required to maintain minimum leverage ratios (defined as tier 1 capital divided by adjusted average assets), as well as minimum ratios of tier 1 capital, common equity tier 1 ("cet1"), and total capital to risk-weighted assets. these capital ratios incorporate quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under the regulatory capital rules and are subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk-weightings, and other factors. we calculate these ratios in order to assess compliance with both regulatory requirements and internal capital policies. in order to maintain our ability to take certain capital actions, including dividends and common equity repurchases, and to make bonus payments, we must hold a capital conservation buffer above our minimum risk-based capital requirements. see note 24 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about our regulatory capital and related capital ratios.
we have classified all of our investments in debt securities as available-for-sale and have not classified any of our investments in debt securities as held-to-maturity. accordingly, we account for our available-for-sale securities at fair value at each reporting date, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"). current basel iii rules permit us to make an election to exclude most components of aoci when calculating cet1, tier 1 capital, and total capital. we have elected the aoci opt-out for regulatory capital purposes and therefore exclude certain elements of aoci, including gains/losses on our available-for-sale portfolio, from our capital calculations.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index on july 27, 2023, u.s. banking regulators issued proposed rules that, if enacted, would result in changes to regulations applicable to bank holding companies, including higher capital requirements and eliminating the aoci opt-out election, which could reduce our regulatory capital ratios in the future. under the proposed rule, if enacted, there would be a three-year transition period for the elimination of the aoci opt-out election. we are evaluating these proposals, most of which would apply to us if our average total consolidated assets for four consecutive calendar quarters exceeded $100 billion, to assess their potential impact to our businesses and strategies.
the following table presents the components of rjf's regulatory capital used to calculate the aforementioned regulatory capital ratios.
common equity tier 1 capital/tier 1 capital common stock and related additional paid-in capital                                                                  $3,145                              $2,989
less: goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net of related deferred tax liabilities                          (1,776)                             (1,805)
common equity tier 1 capital                                                                                          9,245                               8,380
less: tier 1 capital deductions                                                                                         (3)                                (20)
tier 1 capital                                                                                                        9,321                               8,480
tier 2 capital qualifying subordinated debt                                                                                            100                                 100
qualifying allowances for credit losses                                                                                 513                                 451
tier 2 capital                                                                                                          613                                 551
total capital                                                                                                        $9,934                              $9,031
the following table presents rjf's risk-weighted assets by exposure type used to calculate the aforementioned regulatory capital ratios.
on-balance sheet assets:
exposures to sovereign and government-sponsored entities (1)                                     1,844                               2,002
exposures to depository institutions, foreign banks, and credit unions                           1,878                               3,003
exposures to public-sector entities                                                                698                                 696
high volatility commercial real estate exposures                                                   141                                 128
equity exposures                                                                                   538                                 445
securitization exposures                                                                           134                                 129
other assets                                                                                     8,665                               7,325
standby letters of credit                                                                           91                                  62
commitments with original maturity of one year or less                                             131                                  98
commitments with original maturity greater than one year                                         2,396                               2,437
other off-balance sheet items                                                                      275                                 423
market risk-weighted assets                                                                      2,485                               3,063
total standardized risk-weighted assets                                                        $43,547                             $44,176
(1)rjf's exposure is predominantly to the u.s. government and its agencies.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index cash flows cash and cash equivalents (excluding amounts segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash) of $9.31 billion at september 30, 2023 increased $3.14 billion compared with september 30, 2022. the increase in cash and cash equivalents primarily resulted from net income earned during the year, proceeds from loan sales, cash resulting from maturities within our available-for-sale securities portfolio, and an increase in bank deposits, as additional deposits from the launch of our esp to pcg clients in march 2023 and additional offerings of certificates of deposit during the year more than offset a decline in rjbdp balances swept to our bank segment. these increases were partially offset by purchases of bank loans, cash used to fund common stock repurchases during the year of $788 million, as well as to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock, and purchases of available-for-sale securities.
sources of liquidity approximately $2.08 billion of our total september 30, 2023 cash and cash equivalents was rjf corporate cash, which included the cash held at the parent company as well as cash it loaned to rj&a. as of september 30, 2023, rjf had loaned $1.39 billion to rj&a (such amount is included in the rj&a cash balance in the following table), which rj&a has invested on behalf of rjf in cash and cash equivalents or otherwise deployed in its normal business activities.
tristate capital bank                                        2,488
charles stanley group limited                                  159
raymond james capital services, llc                            106
raymond james investment management                             97
rjf maintained depository accounts at raymond james bank and tristate capital bank totaling $282 million as of september 30, 2023. the portion of this total that was available on demand without restrictions, which amounted to $240 million as of september 30, 2023, is reflected in the rjf cash balance and excluded from raymond james bank's cash balance in the preceding table.
due to market volatility in the banking industry during fiscal 2023, we maintained a higher level of cash balances at raymond james bank and tristate capital bank as of september 30, 2023, a combined increase of $3.3 billion compared with september 30, 2022, as part of our liquidity management strategies.
as of september 30, 2023, a large portion of the cash and cash equivalents balances at our non-u.s subsidiaries, including rj ltd. and charles stanley group limited, was held to meet regulatory requirements and was not available for use by the parent.
in addition to the cash balances described, we have various other potential sources of cash available to the parent company from subsidiaries, as described in the following section.
liquidity available from subsidiaries liquidity is principally available to rjf from rj&a and raymond james bank.
certain of our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the requirements of the uniform net capital rule (rule 15c3-1) under the securities and exchange act of 1934. as a member firm of finra, rj&a is subject to finra's capital requirements, which are substantially the same as rule 15c3-1. rule 15c3-1 provides for an "alternative net capital requirement," which rj&a has elected. regulations require that minimum net capital, as defined, be equal to the greater of $1.5 million or 2% of aggregate debit items arising from client balances. in addition, covenants in rj&a's committed financing facilities require its net capital to be a minimum of 10% of aggregate debit items. at september 30, 2023, rj&a significantly exceeded the raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index minimum regulatory requirements, the covenants in its financing arrangements pertaining to net capital, as well as its internally-targeted net capital tolerances. finra may impose certain restrictions, such as restricting withdrawals of equity capital, if a member firm were to fall below a certain threshold or fail to meet minimum net capital requirements which may result in rj&a limiting dividends it would otherwise remit to rjf. we evaluate regulatory requirements, loan covenants and certain internal tolerances when determining the amount of liquidity available to rjf from rj&a.
raymond james bank may pay dividends to rjf without prior approval of its regulator as long as the dividends do not exceed the sum of its current calendar year and the previous two calendar years' retained net income, and it maintains its targeted regulatory capital ratios.  dividends may be limited to the extent that capital is needed to support balance sheet growth or as part of our liquidity and capital management activities.
although we have liquidity available to us from our other subsidiaries, the available amounts may not be as significant as those previously described and, in certain instances, may be subject to regulatory requirements.
borrowings and financing arrangements financing arrangements we have various financing arrangements in place with third-party lenders that allow us the flexibility to borrow funds on a secured or unsecured basis to meet our liquidity needs. we generally utilize these financing arrangements to finance a portion of our fixed income trading instruments held by rj&a or for cash management purposes. our ability to borrow under these arrangements is dependent upon compliance with the conditions in our various loan agreements and, in the case of secured borrowings, collateral eligibility requirements.
as of september 30, 2023, rjf and rj&a had the ability to borrow under our $750 million credit facility, a committed unsecured line of credit; however, we had no such borrowings outstanding under this facility as of september 30, 2023. see our discussion of the credit facility in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
in addition to our credit facility, we have various uncommitted financing arrangements with third-party lenders, which are in the form of secured lines of credit, secured bilateral repurchase agreements, or unsecured lines of credit. our uncommitted secured financing arrangements generally require us to post collateral in excess of the amount borrowed and are generally collateralized by rj&a-owned securities or by securities that we have received as collateral under reverse repurchase agreements (i.e., securities purchased under agreements to resell). as of september 30, 2023, we had outstanding borrowings under two uncommitted secured borrowing arrangements out of a total of 13 uncommitted financing arrangements (nine uncommitted secured and four uncommitted unsecured). however, lenders are under no contractual obligation to lend to us under uncommitted credit facilities.
our borrowings on uncommitted financing arrangements, which were in the form of repurchase agreements in rj&a, were included in "collateralized financings" on our consolidated statements of financial condition. the average daily balance outstanding during the five most recent quarters, the maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter and the period-end balances for repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements are detailed in the following table.
repurchase transactions                                                                    reverse repurchase transactions for the quarter ended:($ in millions)             average daily                      maximum month-end                    end of period        average daily                         maximum month-end                       end of period balance                    balance outstanding                          balance              balance                       balance outstanding                             balance outstanding                     during the quarter                      outstanding          outstanding                        during the quarter                         outstanding september 30, 2023                                  $153                                 $232                               $157                 $215                                    $279                                  $187
other borrowings and collateralized financings we had $1.00 billion in fhlb borrowings outstanding at september 30, 2023, comprised of floating-rate and fixed-rate advances. the interest rates on our floating-rate advances are based on sofr. we use interest rate swaps to manage the risk of increases in interest rates associated with the majority of our floating-rate fhlb advances by converting the balances subject to variable interest rates to a fixed interest rate.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index we pledge certain of our bank loans and available-for-sale securities with the fhlb as security for both the repayment of certain borrowings and to secure capacity for additional borrowings as needed. during the year ended september 30, 2023, we increased our borrowing capacity with the fhlb through the pledge of additional available-for-sale securities. at september 30, 2023, we had pledged with the fhlb bank loans and available-for-sale securities of $9.40 billion and $3.66 billion, respectively. as of september 30, 2023, we had an additional $9.25 billion in immediate credit available from the fhlb based on the collateral pledged. further, with the pledge of incremental collateral, we could further increase credit available to us from the fhlb. see notes 7 and 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information regarding bank loans, net and available-for-sale securities pledged with the fhlb and for further information on our fhlb borrowings, including the related maturities and interest rates.
a portion of our fixed income transactions are cleared through a third-party clearing organization, which provides financing for the purchase of trading instruments to support such transactions. the amount of financing is based on the amount of trading inventory financed, as well as any deposits held at the clearing organization. amounts outstanding under this financing arrangement are collateralized by a portion of our trading inventory and accrue interest based on market rates. while we had borrowings outstanding as of september 30, 2023, the clearing organization is under no contractual obligation to lend to us under this arrangement.
as member banks, raymond james bank and tristate capital bank have access to the federal reserve's discount window and may have access to other lending programs that may be established by the federal reserve in unusual and exigent circumstances, including the bank term funding program that was created by the federal reserve on march 12, 2023; however, we do not view borrowings from the federal reserve as one of our primary sources of funding. see note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information regarding bank loans, net pledged with the frb.
at september 30, 2023, we had subordinated notes due 2030 outstanding, with an aggregate principal amount of $98 million. see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information regarding these borrowings.
we may act as an intermediary between broker-dealers and other financial institutions whereby we borrow securities from one counterparty and then lend them to another counterparty. where permitted, we have also loaned securities owned by clients or the firm to broker-dealers and other financial institutions.  we account for each of these types of transactions as collateralized agreements and financings, with the outstanding balance of $180 million as of september 30, 2023 related to the securities loaned included in "collateralized financings" on our consolidated statements of financial condition of this form 10-k. see notes 2 and 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for more information on our collateralized agreements and financings.
senior notes payable at september 30, 2023, we had aggregate outstanding senior notes payable of $2.04 billion, which, exclusive of any unaccreted premiums or discounts and debt issuance costs, was comprised of $500 million par 4.65% senior notes due 2030, $800 million par 4.95% senior notes due 2046, and $750 million par 3.75% senior notes due 2051. see note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on senior notes payable. at september 30, 2023, estimated future contractual interest payments on our senior notes were approximately $1.9 billion, of which $91 million is payable in fiscal 2024, with the remainder extending through 2051.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index credit ratings our issuer, senior long-term debt, and preferred stock credit ratings as of the most current report are detailed in the following table.
credit rating fitch ratings, inc.                 moody's                       standard &amp; poor's ratings services issuer and senior long term debt:
outlook                                   stable                              stable                        stable last rating action                        affirmed                            upgrade                       upgrade date of last rating action                march 2023                          february 2022                 february 2023
rating                                    bb+                                 baa3 (hyb)                    not rated last rating action                        affirmed                            assigned                      n/a date of last rating action                march 2023                          august 2022                   n/a our current credit ratings depend upon a number of factors, including industry dynamics, operating and economic environment, operating results, operating margins, earnings trends and volatility, balance sheet composition, liquidity and liquidity management, capital structure, overall risk management, business diversification and market share, and competitive position in the markets in which we operate. deterioration in any of these factors could impact our credit ratings.  any rating downgrades could increase our costs in the event we were to obtain additional financing.
should our credit rating be downgraded prior to a public debt offering, it is probable that we would have to offer a higher rate of interest to bond holders.  a downgrade to below investment grade may make a public debt offering difficult to execute on terms we would consider to be favorable.  a downgrade below investment grade could result in the termination of certain derivative contracts and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate payment or demand immediate and ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. a credit downgrade could damage our reputation and result in certain counterparties limiting their business with us, result in negative comments by analysts, potentially negatively impact investors' and/or clients' perception of us, cause clients to withdraw bank deposits that exceed fdic insurance limits from our bank subsidiaries, and cause a decline in our stock price. none of our borrowing arrangements contains a condition or event of default related to our credit ratings. however, a credit downgrade would result in the firm incurring a higher facility fee on the credit facility, in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on that line as of and subsequent to such downgrade. conversely, an improvement in rjf's current credit rating could have a favorable impact on the facility fee, as well as the interest rate applicable to any borrowings on such line.
other sources and uses of liquidity we have company-owned life insurance policies which are utilized to fund certain non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans. certain of our non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans are employee-directed (i.e., the participant chooses investment portfolio benchmarks) while others are company-directed. of the company-owned life insurance policies which fund these plans, certain policies could be used as a source of liquidity for the firm. those policies against which we could readily borrow had a cash surrender value of $895 million as of september 30, 2023, comprised of $589 million related to employee-directed plans and $306 million related to company-directed plans, and we were able to borrow up to 90%, or $806 million, of the september 30, 2023 total without restriction.  to effect any such borrowing, the underlying investments would be converted to money market investments, therefore requiring us to take market risk related to the employee-directed plans. there were no borrowings outstanding against any of these policies as of september 30, 2023.
on may 12, 2021, we filed a "universal" shelf registration statement with the sec pursuant to which we can issue debt, equity and other capital instruments if and when necessary or perceived by us to be opportune. subject to certain conditions, this registration statement will be effective through may 12, 2024.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index as part of our ongoing operations, we also enter into contractual arrangements that may require future cash payments, including certificates of deposit, lease obligations and other contractual arrangements, such as for software and various services. see notes 14 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding our lease obligations and certificates of deposit, respectively. we have entered into investment commitments, lending commitments, and other commitments to extend credit for which we are unable to reasonably predict the timing of future payments. see note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information.
regulatory refer to the discussion of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the impact on our operations of certain rules and regulations in "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k.
rjf and many of its subsidiaries are each subject to various regulatory capital requirements. as of september 30, 2023, all of our active regulated domestic and international subsidiaries had net capital in excess of minimum requirements. in addition, rjf, raymond james bank, and tristate capital bank were categorized as "well-capitalized" as of september 30, 2023. the maintenance of certain risk-based and other regulatory capital levels could influence various capital allocation decisions impacting one or more of our businesses.  however, due to the current capital position of rjf and its regulated subsidiaries, we do not anticipate these capital requirements will have a negative impact on our future business activities. see note 24 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information on regulatory capital requirements.
in august 2023, raymond james investment services limited, one of our u.k. subsidiaries, agreed to a voluntary application for imposition of requirements ("vreq") with the fca that prohibits the onboarding of new branches or financial advisors without the prior consent of the fca. we do not expect this vreq to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which require us to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting period. management has established detailed policies and control procedures intended to ensure the appropriateness of such estimates and assumptions and their consistent application from period to period. for a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
due to their nature, estimates involve judgment based upon available information. actual results or amounts could differ from estimates and the difference could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. therefore, understanding these critical accounting estimates is important in understanding our reported results of operations and financial position. we believe that of our accounting estimates and assumptions, those described in the following sections involve a high degree of judgment and complexity.
loss provisions loss provisions for legal and regulatory matters the recorded amount of liabilities related to legal and regulatory matters is subject to significant management judgment. for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing such accruals, see the "contingent liabilities" section of note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. in addition, refer to note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding legal and regulatory matters contingencies as of september 30, 2023.
allowance for credit losses we evaluate certain of our financial assets, including bank loans, to estimate an allowance for credit losses based on expected credit losses over a financial asset's lifetime. the remaining life of our financial assets is determined by considering contractual terms and expected prepayments, among other factors. we use multiple methodologies in estimating an allowance for credit losses and our approaches differ by type of financial asset and the risk characteristics within each financial asset type. our estimates are based on ongoing evaluations of our financial assets, the related credit risk characteristics, and the overall economic and environmental conditions affecting the financial assets. our process for determining the allowance for credit losses includes a complex analysis of several quantitative and qualitative factors requiring significant management judgment due to matters that are inherently uncertain. this uncertainty can produce volatility in our allowance for credit losses. in raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index addition, the allowance for credit losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. in such an event, any losses in excess of our allowance would result in a decrease in our net income, as well as a decrease in the level of regulatory capital.
we generally estimate the allowance for credit losses on bank loans using credit risk models which incorporate relevant available information from internal and external sources relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. after testing the reasonableness of a variety of economic forecast scenarios, each model is run using a single forecast scenario selected for each model. our forecasts incorporate assumptions related to macroeconomic indicators including, but not limited to, u.s. gross domestic product, equity market indices, unemployment rates, and commercial real estate and residential home price indices.
to demonstrate the sensitivity of credit loss estimates on our bank loan portfolio to macroeconomic forecasts, we compared our modeled estimates under the base case economic scenario used to estimate the allowance for credit losses as of september 30, 2023 to what our estimate would have been under a downside case scenario and an upside case scenario, without considering any offsetting effects in the qualitative component of our allowance for credit losses as of september 30, 2023. as of september 30, 2023, use of the downside case scenario would have resulted in an increase of approximately $235 million in the quantitative portion of our allowance for credit losses on bank loans, while the use of the upside case scenario would have resulted in a reduction of approximately $50 million in the quantitative portion of our allowance for credit losses on bank loans. these hypothetical outcomes reflect the relative sensitivity of the modeled portion of our allowance estimate to macroeconomic forecasted scenarios but do not consider any potential impact qualitative adjustments could have on the allowance for credit losses in such environments. qualitative adjustments could either increase or decrease modeled loss estimates calculated using an alternative economic scenario assumption. further, such sensitivity calculations do not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the related allowance for a number of reasons including: (1) management's predictions of future economic trends and relationships among the scenarios may differ from actual events; and (2) management's application of subjective measures to modeled results through the qualitative portion of the allowance for credit losses when appropriate. the downside case scenario utilized in this hypothetical sensitivity analysis assumes a moderate recession. to the extent macroeconomic conditions worsen beyond those assumed in this downside case scenario, we could incur provisions for credit losses significantly in excess of those estimated in this analysis.
see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding our allowance for credit losses related to bank loans as of september 30, 2023.
accounting standards update in march 2022, the financial accounting standards board issued new guidance related to troubled debt restructurings and disclosures regarding write-offs of financing receivables (asu 2022-02), amending guidance related to the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments (asu 2016-13). the amendment eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings for creditors, but requires enhanced disclosures for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, and requires disclosure of current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables. this guidance was adopted on a prospective basis on october 1, 2023 and did not have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations.
see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding accounting guidance adopted during the year ended september 30, 2023.
risk management risks are an inherent part of our business and activities. management of risk is critical to our fiscal soundness and profitability. our risk management processes are multi-faceted and require communication, judgment and knowledge of financial products and markets. we have a formal enterprise risk management ("erm") program to assess and review aggregate risks across the firm. our management takes an active role in the erm process, which requires specific administrative and business functions to participate in the identification, assessment, monitoring and control of various risks.
the principal risks related to our business activities are market, credit, liquidity, operational, model, and compliance.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index governance our board of directors, including its risk committee and audit committee, oversees the firm's management and mitigation of risk, reinforcing a culture that encourages ethical conduct and risk management throughout the firm.  senior management communicates and reinforces this culture through three lines of risk management and a number of senior-level management committees.  our first line of risk management, which includes all of our businesses, owns its risks and is responsible for identifying, mitigating, and escalating risks arising from its day-to-day activities.  the second line of risk management, which includes compliance and risk management, advises our client-facing businesses and other first-line functions in identifying, assessing, and mitigating risk. the second line of risk management tests and monitors the effectiveness of controls, as deemed necessary, and escalates risks when appropriate to senior management and the board of directors.  the third line of risk management, internal audit, independently reviews activities conducted by the previous lines of risk management to assess their management and mitigation of risk, providing additional assurance to the board of directors and senior management, with a view toward enhancing our oversight, management, and mitigation of risk. our legal department provides legal advice and guidance to each of these three lines of risk management.
market risk market risk is our risk of loss resulting from the impact of changes in market prices on our trading inventory, derivatives, and investment positions. we have exposure to market risk primarily through our broker-dealer trading operations and our banking operations. through our broker-dealer subsidiaries, we trade debt obligations and equity securities and maintain trading inventories to ensure availability of securities to facilitate client transactions. inventory levels may fluctuate daily as a result of client demand. we also hold investments within our available-for-sale securities portfolio, and from time to time may hold small business administration loan securitizations not yet sold. our primary market risks relate to interest rates, equity prices, and foreign exchange rates. interest rate risk results from changes in levels of interest rates, the volatility of interest rates, mortgage prepayment speeds, and credit spreads. equity risk results from changes in prices of equity securities. foreign exchange risk results from changes in spot prices, forward prices, and volatility of foreign exchange rates. see notes 2, 4, 5 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for fair value and other information regarding our trading inventories, available-for-sale securities, and derivative instruments.
we regularly enter into underwriting commitments and, as a result, we may be subject to market risk on any unsold securities issued in the offerings to which we are committed. risk exposure is controlled by limiting our participation, the transaction size, or through the syndication process.
the market risk management department is responsible for measuring, monitoring, and reporting market risks associated with the firm's trading and derivative portfolios. while market risk management maintains ongoing communication with the revenue-generating business units, it is independent of such units.
interest rate risk trading activities we are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of our trading inventory (primarily comprised of fixed income instruments) in our capital markets segment. changes in the value of our trading inventory may result from fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, macroeconomic factors, investor expectations or risk appetites, liquidity, as well as dynamic relationships between these factors. we actively manage interest rate risk arising from our fixed income trading inventory through the use of hedging strategies utilizing u.s. treasuries, exchange traded funds, futures contracts, liquid spread products, and derivatives.
our primary method for controlling risks within trading inventories is through the use of dollar-based and exposure-based limits. a hierarchy of limits exists at multiple levels, including firm, business unit, desk (e.g., for equities, corporate bonds, municipal bonds), product sub-type (e.g., below-investment-grade positions) and issuer concentration. for derivative positions, which are primarily comprised of interest rate swaps, we have established sensitivity-based and foreign exchange spot limits. trading positions and derivatives are monitored against these limits through daily reports that are distributed to senior management. during volatile markets, we may temporarily reduce limits and/or choose to pare our trading inventories to reduce risk.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index we monitor value-at-risk ("var") for all of our trading portfolios on a daily basis for risk management purposes and as a result of applying the fed's market risk rule ("mrr") for the purpose of calculating our capital ratios. the mrr, also known as the "risk-based capital guidelines: market risk" rule released by the fed, the occ, and the fdic, requires us to calculate var for all of our trading portfolios, including fixed income, equity, derivatives, and foreign exchange instruments. var is an appropriate statistical technique for estimating potential losses in trading portfolios due to typical adverse market movements over a specified time horizon with a suitable confidence level.  however, there are inherent limitations to utilizing var including: historical movements in markets may not accurately predict future market movements; var does not take into account the liquidity of individual positions; var does not estimate losses over longer time horizons; and extended periods of one-directional markets potentially distort risks within the portfolio. in addition, should markets become more volatile, actual trading losses may exceed var results presented on a single day and might accumulate over a longer time horizon. as a result, management complements var with sensitivity analysis and stress testing and employs additional controls such as a daily review of trading results, review of aged inventory, independent review of pricing, monitoring of concentrations, and review of issuer ratings.
to calculate var, we use models that incorporate historical simulation. this approach assumes that historical changes in market conditions, such as in interest rates and equity prices, are representative of future changes. simulation is based on daily market data for the previous twelve months. var is reported at a 99% confidence level for a one-day time horizon. assuming that future market conditions change as they have in the past twelve months, we would expect to incur losses greater than those predicted by our one-day var estimates about once every 100 trading days, or about three times per year on average. the var model is independently reviewed by our model risk management function. see the "model risk" section that follows for further information.
the modeling of the risk characteristics of trading positions involves a number of assumptions and approximations that management believes to be reasonable. however, there is no uniform industry methodology for estimating var, and different assumptions or approximations could produce materially different var estimates. as a result, var results are more reliable when used as indicators of risk levels and trends within a firm than as a basis for inferring differences in risk-taking across firms.
the following table sets forth the high, low, period-end and average daily one-day var for all of our trading portfolios, including fixed income and equity instruments, and for our derivatives for the periods and dates indicated.
average daily var was higher during the year ended september 30, 2023 compared with the year ended september 30, 2022 due to the impact of increased market volatility during the year, as well as the addition of the sumridge partners trading inventory beginning in july 2022.
the fed's mrr requires us to perform daily back-testing procedures for our var model, whereby we compare each day's projected var to its regulatory-defined daily trading losses, which exclude fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income, and intraday trading. regulatory-defined daily trading losses are used to evaluate the performance of our var model and are not comparable to our actual daily net revenues. based on these daily "ex ante" versus "ex post" comparisons, we determine whether the number of times that regulatory-defined daily trading losses exceed var is consistent with our expectations at a 99% confidence level. during the year ended september 30, 2023, our regulatory-defined daily losses in our trading portfolios exceeded our predicted var on three occasions in line with our previously described expectations.
separately, rjf provides additional market risk disclosures to comply with the mrr, including 10-day var and 10-day stressed var, which are available on our website at https://www.raymondjames.com/investor-relations/financial-information/filings-and-reports within "other reports and information."
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index banking operations our bank segment maintains an interest-earning asset portfolio that is comprised of cash, sbl, c&i loans, cre loans, reit loans, residential mortgage loans, and tax-exempt loans, as well as securities held in the available-for-sale securities portfolio.  these interest-earning assets are primarily funded by client deposits.  based on the current asset portfolio, our banking operations are subject to interest rate risk. we analyze interest rate risk based on forecasted net interest income, which is the net amount of interest received and interest paid, and the net portfolio valuation, both across a range of interest rate scenarios.
one of the objectives of our asset and liability committee is to manage the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in market interest rates. this committee uses several measures to monitor and limit interest rate risk in our banking operations, including scenario analysis and economic value of equity ("eve"). we utilize hedging strategies using interest rate swaps in our banking operations as a component of our asset and liability management process. for further information regarding this hedging strategy, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. we also manage interest rate risk as part of our liquidity management framework. see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of this form 10-k for further information.
to ensure that we remain within the tolerances established for net interest income, a sensitivity analysis of net interest income to interest rate conditions is estimated under a variety of scenarios. we use simulation models and estimation techniques to assess the sensitivity of net interest income to movements in interest rates. the model estimates the sensitivity by calculating interest income and interest expense in a dynamic balance sheet environment using current repricing, prepayment, and reinvestment of cash flow assumptions over a 12-month time horizon. assumptions used in the model include interest rate movement, the slope of the yield curve, and balance sheet composition and growth. the model also considers interest rate-related risks such as pricing spreads, pricing of client cash accounts, including deposit betas, and prepayments. various interest rate scenarios are modeled in order to determine the effect those scenarios may have on net interest income.
the following table is an analysis of our banking operations' estimated net interest income over a 12-month period based on instantaneous shifts in interest rates (expressed in basis points) using our previously described asset/liability model, which assumes a dynamic balance sheet, a weighted average deposit beta on our interest-bearing deposit accounts without stated maturities of approximately 50% as interest rates rise and approximately 40% as interest rates fall, and that interest rates do not decline below zero. while not presented, additional rate scenarios are performed, including interest rate ramps and yield curve shifts that may more realistically mimic the speed of potential interest rate movements. we also perform simulations on time horizons of up to five years to assess longer-term impacts to various interest rate scenarios. on a quarterly basis, we test expected model results to actual performance. additionally, any changes made to key assumptions in the model are documented and approved by the asset and liability committee.
instantaneous changes in rate (1)              net interest income($ in millions)        projected change in net interest income
the preceding table does not include the impacts of an instantaneous change in interest rates on net interest income on assets and liabilities outside of our banking operations or on our rjbdp fees from third-party banks, which are also sensitive to changes in interest rates and are included in "account and service fees" on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. refer to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - net interest analysis" of this form 10-k for a discussion of the impact changes in short-term interest rates could have on the consolidated firm's operations.
we have classified all of our investments in debt securities as available-for-sale and have not classified any of our investments in debt securities as held-to-maturity. in our available-for-sale securities portfolio, we hold primarily fixed-rate agency-backed mbs, agency-backed cmos, and u.s. treasuries, which are carried at fair value on our consolidated statements of financial condition, with changes in the fair value of the portfolio recorded through other comprehensive income ("oci") on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. as the majority of our available-for-sale securities portfolio is comprised of u.s. government and government agency-backed securities, changes in fair value are primarily driven by changes
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index in interest rates. at september 30, 2023, our available-for-sale securities portfolio had a fair value of $9.18 billion with a weighted-average yield of 2.11% and a weighted-average life, after factoring in estimated prepayments, of 4.2 years. to evaluate the interest rate sensitivity of our available-for-sale securities portfolio we also monitor, among other things, effective duration, defined as the approximate percentage change in price for a 100-basis point change in rates. as of september 30, 2023, the effective duration of our available-for-sale securities portfolio was approximately 3.56, which means that we would expect the market value of our available-for-sale securities portfolio to decline approximately 3.56% for every 100-basis point increase in interest rates and increase approximately 3.56% for every 100-basis point decline in interest rates. see notes 2 and 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on our available-for-sale securities portfolio.
the asset and liability committee also reviews eve, which is a point-in-time analysis of current interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that incorporates all cash flows over their estimated remaining lives, discounted at current rates. the eve approach is based on a static balance sheet and provides an indicator of future earnings and capital levels as the changes in eve indicate the anticipated change in the value of future cash flows. we monitor sensitivity to changes in eve utilizing board of directors-approved limits. these limits set a risk tolerance to changing interest rates and assist in determining strategies for mitigating this risk as eve approaches these limits. as of september 30, 2023, our eve analyses were within approved limits.
the following table shows the maturities of our bank loan portfolio at september 30, 2023, including contractual principal repayments.  maturities are generally determined based upon contractual terms; however, rollovers or extensions that are included for the purposes of measuring the allowance for credit losses are reflected in maturities in the following table. this table does not include any estimates of prepayments, which could shorten the average loan lives and cause the actual timing of the loan repayments to differ significantly from those shown in the table.
reit loans                                                         274                              1,334                                          60                                       -                         1,668
total loans held for investment                                 16,276                             13,959                                       5,374                                   8,495                        44,104
held for sale loans                                                  -                                  -                                          87                                      58            145
total loans held for sale and investment                       $16,276                            $13,959                                      $5,461                                  $8,553                       $44,249
the following table shows the distribution of the recorded investment of those bank loans that mature in more than one year between fixed and adjustable interest rate loans at september 30, 2023.
reit loans                                                       -                       1,394                         1,394
total loans held for investment                              2,994                      24,834                        27,828
held for sale loans                                              6       139                           145
total loans held for sale and investment                    $3,000                     $24,973                       $27,973
contractual loan terms for sbl, c&i loans, cre loans, reit loans, and residential mortgage loans may include an interest rate floor, cap and/or fixed interest rates for a certain period of time, which would impact the timing of the interest rate reset for the respective loan. see the discussion within the "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management - credit risk - risk monitoring process" section of this form 10-k for additional information regarding our interest-only residential mortgage loan portfolio.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index equity price risk we are exposed to equity price risk as a result of our capital markets activities. our broker-dealer activities are generally client-driven, and we carry equity securities as part of our trading inventory to facilitate such activities, although the amounts are not as significant as our fixed income trading inventory.  we attempt to reduce the risk of loss inherent in our inventory of equity securities by monitoring those security positions each day and establishing position limits. equity securities held in our trading inventory are generally included in var.
in addition, we have a private equity portfolio, included in "other investments" on our consolidated statements of financial condition, which is primarily comprised of investments in third-party funds. see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on this portfolio.
foreign exchange risk we are subject to foreign exchange risk due to our investments in foreign subsidiaries as well as transactions and resulting balances denominated in a currency other than the usd. for example, our bank loan portfolio includes loans which are denominated in canadian dollars, totaling $1.40 billion and $1.51 billion at september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, when converted to usd. a majority of such loans are held in a canadian subsidiary of raymond james bank, which is discussed in the following sections.
investments in foreign subsidiaries raymond james bank has an investment in a canadian subsidiary, resulting in foreign exchange risk. to mitigate its foreign exchange risk, raymond james bank utilizes short-term, forward foreign exchange contracts. these derivatives are primarily accounted for as net investment hedges in the consolidated financial statements. see notes 2 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information regarding these derivatives.
at september 30, 2023, we had foreign exchange risk in our investment in rj ltd. of cad 418 million and in our investment in charles stanley of 290 million, which were not hedged. at september 30, 2023, we had other, less significant investments in foreign domiciled subsidiaries, primarily in europe, which were not hedged; however, we do not believe we had material foreign exchange risk either individually, or in the aggregate, pertaining to these subsidiaries as of september 30, 2023. foreign exchange gains/losses related to our foreign investments are primarily reflected in oci on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. see note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information regarding our components of oci.
transactions and resulting balances denominated in a currency other than the usd we are subject to foreign exchange risk due to our holdings of cash and certain other assets and liabilities resulting from transactions denominated in a currency other than the usd. any currency-related gains/losses arising from these foreign currency denominated balances are reflected in "other" revenues in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. the foreign exchange risk associated with a portion of such transactions and balances denominated in foreign currency are mitigated utilizing short-term, forward foreign exchange contracts. such derivatives are not designated hedges and therefore, the related gains/losses are included in "other" revenues in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding our derivatives.
credit risk credit risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in a borrower's, issuer's, or counterparty's ability to meet its financial obligations under contractual or agreed-upon terms. the nature and amount of credit risk depends on the type of transaction, the structure and duration of that transaction, and the parties involved. credit risk is an integral component of the profit assessment of lending and other financing activities.
corporate activities we maintain cash balances with the fed and with various financial institutions, primarily global systemically important financial institutions, in our normal course of business. a large portion of such balances are in excess of fdic insurance limits. as a result, we may be exposed to the risk that these financial institutions may not return our cash to us in the event that the institution experiences financial distress or ceases its operations. in order to mitigate our credit risk to such financial raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index institutions, we monitor our exposure with each institution on a daily basis and subject each institution to limits based on various factors including but not limited to financial strength, capitalization levels, liquidity, credit ratings, and market factors to the extent applicable.
brokerage activities we are engaged in various trading and brokerage activities in which our counterparties primarily include broker-dealers, banks, exchanges, clearing organizations, and other financial institutions. we are exposed to risk that these counterparties may not fulfill their obligations.  in addition, certain commitments, including underwritings, may create exposure to individual issuers and businesses. the risk of default depends on the creditworthiness of the counterparty and/or the issuer of the instrument. in addition, we may be subject to concentration risk if we hold large positions in or have large commitments to a single counterparty, borrower, or group of similar counterparties or borrowers (e.g., in the same industry). we seek to mitigate these risks by imposing and monitoring individual and aggregate position limits within each business segment for each counterparty, conducting regular credit reviews of financial counterparties, reviewing security, derivative and loan concentrations, holding collateral as security for certain transactions and conducting business through clearing organizations, which may guarantee performance. see notes 2, 6, and 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about our credit risk mitigation related to derivatives and collateralized agreements.
our client activities involve the execution, settlement, and financing of various transactions on behalf of our clients. client activities are transacted on either a cash or margin basis. credit exposure results from client margin loans, which are monitored daily and are collateralized by the securities in the clients' accounts. we monitor exposure to industry sectors and individual securities on a daily basis in connection with our margin lending activities. we adjust our margin requirements if we believe our risk exposure is not appropriate based on market conditions. in addition, when clients execute a purchase, we are at some risk that the client will default on their financial obligation associated with the trade. if this occurs, we may have to liquidate the position at a loss. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10k for further information about our determination of the allowance for credit losses associated with certain of our brokerage lending activities.
we offer loans to financial advisors for recruiting and retention purposes. we have credit risk and may incur a loss primarily in the event that such borrower is no longer affiliated with us. see notes 2 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about our loans to financial advisors.
banking activities our bank segment has a substantial loan portfolio.  our strategy for credit risk management related to bank loans includes well-defined credit policies, uniform underwriting criteria, and ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all credit exposures. the strategy also includes diversification across loan types, geographic locations, industries and clients, regular credit examinations and management reviews of all corporate and tax-exempt loans as well as individual delinquent residential loans. the credit risk management process also includes independent reviews at least annually of the credit risk monitoring process that performs assessments of compliance with credit policies, risk ratings, and other critical credit information. we seek to identify potential problem loans early, record any necessary risk rating changes and charge-offs promptly, and maintain appropriate reserve levels for expected losses. we utilize a thorough credit risk rating system to measure the credit quality of individual corporate and tax-exempt loans and related unfunded lending commitments. for our residential mortgage loans and substantially all of our sbl, we utilize the credit risk rating system used by bank regulators in measuring the credit quality of each homogeneous class of loans. in evaluating credit risk, we consider trends in loan performance, historical experience through various economic cycles, industry or client concentrations, the loan portfolio composition and macroeconomic factors (both current and forecasted). these factors have a potentially negative impact on loan performance and net charge-offs.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index while our bank loan portfolio is diversified, a significant downturn in the overall economy, deterioration in real estate values or a significant issue within any sector or sectors where we have a concentration will generally result in large provisions for credit losses and/or charge-offs. we determine the allowance required for specific loan pools based on relative risk characteristics of the loan portfolio. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our methods for determining the allowance for each class of loans and make enhancements we consider appropriate. our allowance for credit losses methodology is described in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. as our bank loan portfolio is segregated into six portfolio segments, likewise, the allowance for credit losses is segregated by these same segments.  the risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows.
sbl: loans in this segment are primarily collateralized by the borrower's marketable securities at advance rates consistent with industry standards and, to a lesser extent, the cash surrender value of life insurance policies issued by an investment-grade insurance company. an insignificant portion of our sbl portfolio is collateralized by private securities or other financial instruments with a limited trading market. substantially all sbl are monitored daily for adherence to loan-to-value ("ltv") guidelines and when a loan exceeds the required ltv, a collateral call is issued. past due loans are minimal as any past due amounts result in a notice to the client for payment or the potential sale of the collateral which will bring the loan to a current status. the vast majority of our sbl qualify for the practical expedient allowed under the cecl guidance whereby we estimate zero credit losses to the extent the fair value of the collateral securing the loan equals or exceeds the related carrying value of the loan. sbl also generally qualify for lower capital requirements under regulatory capital rules.
c&i: loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by all assets of the business.  repayment, including for owner-occupied properties, is expected from the cash flows of the respective business.  unfavorable economic and political conditions, including the resultant decrease in consumer or business spending, may have an adverse effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
cre: loans in this segment are primarily secured by income-producing properties.  the underlying cash flows generated by properties securing these loans may be adversely affected by increased vacancy and decreases in rental rates, which are monitored on an ongoing basis.  this portfolio segment includes cre construction loans which involve risks such as project budget overruns, performance variables related to the contractor and subcontractors, or the inability to sell the project or secure permanent financing once the project is completed. with respect to commercial construction of residential developments, there is also the risk that the builder has a geographical concentration of developments. adverse information arising from any of these factors may have a negative effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
reit: loans in this segment are made to businesses that own or finance income-producing real estate across various property sectors. this portfolio segment may include extensions of credit to companies that engage in real estate development. repayment of these loans is dependent on income generated from real estate properties or the sale of real estate. a portion of this segment may consist of loans secured by residential product types (single-family residential, including condominiums and land held for residential development) within a range of markets. deterioration in the financial condition of the operating business, reductions in the value of real estate, as well as increased vacancy and decreases in rental rates may all adversely affect the loans in this segment.
residential mortgage (includes home equity loans/lines): all of our residential mortgage loans adhere to stringent underwriting parameters pertaining to credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio of the borrower, ltv, and combined ltv (including second mortgage/home equity loans).  we do not originate or purchase adjustable rate mortgage ("arm") loans with negative amortization, reverse mortgages, or loans to subprime borrowers.  loans with deeply discounted teaser rates are also not originated or purchased.  all loans in this segment are collateralized by residential real estate and repayment is primarily dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower.  a decline in the strength of the economy, particularly unemployment rates and housing prices, among other factors, could have a significant effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
tax-exempt: loans in this segment are made to governmental and non-profit entities and are generally secured by a pledge of revenue and, in some cases, by a security interest in or a mortgage on the asset being financed. for loans to governmental entities, repayment is expected from a pledge of certain revenues or taxes. for non-profit entities, repayment is expected from revenues which may include fundraising proceeds. these loans are subject to demographic risk, therefore much of the credit assessment of tax-exempt loans is driven by the entity's revenue base and the general economic environment. adverse developments in either of these areas may have a negative effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index the level of charge-off activity is a factor that is considered in evaluating the potential severity of future credit losses. the following table presents net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries and the percentage of net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries to the average outstanding loan balances by loan portfolio segment.
total loans held for sale and investment                 $(54)                                                      0.12     %                                  $(26)                                0.08     %                                  $(13)                                0.06     %
the level of nonperforming assets is another indicator of potential future credit losses. nonperforming assets are comprised of both nonperforming loans and other real estate owned. nonperforming loans include those loans which have been placed on nonaccrual status and certain accruing loans which are 90 days or more past due and in the process of collection. the following table presents the balance of nonperforming loans, nonperforming assets, and related key credit ratios.
nonperforming loans (1)                                                                   $128                     $74
nonperforming assets                                                                      $128                     $74
nonperforming loans as a % of total loans held for sale and investment                    0.29   %                0.17   %
allowance for credit losses as a % of nonperforming loans                                  370   %                 535   %
nonperforming assets as a % of bank segment total assets                                  0.21   %                0.13   %
(1) nonperforming loans at september 30, 2023 and september 30, 2022 included $96 million and $63 million of loans, respectively, which were current pursuant to their contractual terms.
the nonperforming loan balances in the preceding table excluded $7 million as of both september 30, 2023 and 2022 of residential troubled debt restructurings which were returned to accrual status in accordance with our policy.
although our nonperforming assets as a percentage of our bank segment's assets remained low as of september 30, 2023, any prolonged period of market deterioration could result in an increase in our nonperforming assets, an increase in our allowance for credit losses and/or an increase in net charge-offs in future periods, although the extent would depend on future developments that are highly uncertain.
see further explanation of our bank loan portfolio segments, allowance for credit losses, and the credit loss provision in notes 2 and 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations - bank" of this form 10-k.
loan underwriting policies a component of our bank segment's credit risk management strategy is conservative, well-defined policies and procedures. our bank segment's underwriting policies for the major types of loans are described in the following sections.
sbl portfolio our sbl portfolio represented 33% of our total loans held for sale and investment as of september 30, 2023. this portfolio is primarily comprised of loans fully collateralized by a borrower's marketable securities and, to a lesser extent, the cash surrender value of life insurance policies issued by an investment-grade insurance company. an insignificant portion of our sbl portfolio is collateralized by private securities or other financial instruments with a limited trading market. the underwriting policy for the sbl portfolio primarily includes a review of collateral, including ltv, and a review of repayment history.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios our corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios were comprised of approximately 1,600 borrowers as of september 30, 2023. of these loan portfolios, approximately 80% was comprised of loans to larger companies with earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization greater than $100 million, of which approximately 40% were loans to public companies. the remaining 20% was primarily focused on middle-market businesses located within the primary markets of pennsylvania, ohio, new jersey, and new york. we have offices in each of these states led by experienced regional presidents to understand the unique borrowing needs and credit risk of the middle-market businesses in the area. they are supported by highly experienced relationship managers who target middle-market business customers with annual revenues of $10 million to $300 million. our corporate loan portfolio is diversified by geography, by loan type, and among a number of industries in the u.s and canada, and a large portion of these loans are to borrowers in industries in which we have expertise through coverage provided by our capital markets research analysts. our corporate loans include project finance real estate loans, commercial lines of credit, and term loans, the majority of which are participations in shared national credit ("snc") or other large, syndicated loans. we are typically either involved in the syndication of the loans at inception or purchase loans in secondary trading markets. the remainder of the corporate loan portfolio is comprised of smaller participations and direct loans. there are no subordinated loans or mezzanine financings in the corporate loan portfolio. our tax-exempt loans are long-term loans to governmental and non-profit entities. these loans generally have lower overall credit risk but are subject to other risks that are not usually present with corporate clients, including the risk associated with the constituency served by a local government and the risk in ensuring an obligation has appropriate tax treatment.
the majority of our corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios are underwritten, managed, and reviewed at one of our corporate locations while the remainder are approved by a committee of senior executives, both of which facilitates close monitoring of the portfolio by credit risk personnel, relationship officers, and senior bank executives. all corporate and tax-exempt loans are independently underwritten to our credit policies, are subject to approval by a loan committee, and credit quality is monitored on an ongoing basis by our lending staff. our credit policies include criteria related to ltv limits based upon property type, single borrower loan limits, loan term and structure parameters (including guidance on leverage, debt service coverage ratios and debt repayment ability), industry concentration limits, secondary sources of repayment, municipality demographics, and other criteria. our corporate loans are generally secured by all assets of the borrower and in some instances are secured by mortgages on specific real estate. tax-exempt loans are generally secured by a pledge of revenue. in a limited number of transactions, loans in the portfolio are extended on an unsecured basis. in addition, corporate and tax-exempt loans are subject to regulatory review.
residential mortgage loan portfolio our residential mortgage loan portfolio largely consists of first mortgage loans originated by us via referrals from our pcg financial advisors and the general public, as well as first mortgage loans purchased by us. substantially all of our residential mortgage loans adhere to strict underwriting parameters pertaining to credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio of the borrower, ltv and combined ltv (including second mortgage/home equity loans). as of september 30, 2023, approximately 95% of the residential mortgage loan portfolio consisted of owner-occupant borrowers (approximately 74% for their primary residences and 21% for second home residences). approximately 33% of the first lien residential mortgage loans were arm loans, which receive interest-only payments based on a fixed rate for an initial period of the loan, ranging from the first five to fifteen years depending on the loan, and then become fully amortizing, subject to annual and lifetime interest rate caps. a significant portion of our originated 15 or 30-year fixed-rate residential mortgage loans are sold in the secondary market.
risk monitoring process another component of credit risk strategy for our bank loan portfolio is the ongoing risk monitoring and review processes, including our internal loan review process, as well as our rigorous processes to manage and limit credit losses arising from loan delinquencies.  there are various other factors included in these processes, depending on the loan portfolio.
sbl and residential mortgage loan portfolios substantially all collateral securing our sbl portfolio is monitored on a daily basis. collateral adjustments, as triggered by our monitoring procedures, are made by the borrower as necessary to ensure our loans are adequately secured, resulting in minimizing our credit risk. collateral calls have been minimal relative to our sbl portfolio with insignificant losses incurred during the year ended september 30, 2023.
we track and review many factors to monitor credit risk in our residential mortgage loan portfolio. the factors include, but are not limited to: loan performance trends, loan product parameters and qualification requirements, borrower credit scores, level of raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index documentation, loan purpose, geographic concentrations, average loan size, risk rating, and ltv ratios.  see note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
the following table presents a summary of delinquent residential mortgage loans, the vast majority of which are first mortgage loans, which are comprised of loans which are two or more payments past due as well as loans in the process of foreclosure.
our september 30, 2023 percentage compares favorably to the national average for over 30 day delinquencies of 1.85%, as most recently reported by the fed.
to manage and limit credit losses, we maintain a rigorous process to manage our loan delinquencies. substantially all of our residential first mortgages are serviced by a third party whereby the primary collection effort resides with the servicer. our personnel direct and actively monitor the servicers' efforts through extensive communications regarding individual loan status changes and through requirements of timely and appropriate collection of property management actions and reporting, including management of third parties used in the collection process (e.g., appraisers, attorneys, etc.). residential mortgage loans over 60 days past due are generally reviewed by our personnel monthly and documented in a written report detailing delinquency information, balances, collection status, appraised value, and other data points. our senior management meets quarterly to discuss the status, collection strategy and charge-off recommendations on substantially all residential mortgage loans over 60 days past due. updated collateral valuations are generally obtained for loans over 90 days past due and charge-offs are typically taken on individual loans based on these valuations generally before the loan is 120 days past due.
credit risk is also managed by diversifying the residential mortgage portfolio. most of the loans in our residential loan portfolio are to pcg clients across the u.s. the following table details the geographic concentrations (top five states) of our one-to-four family residential mortgage loans.
loans outstanding as a % of                                    loans outstanding as a % of total residential mortgage loans held for sale and investment                       total loans held for sale and investment california                                                                       24%                                                             5%
the occurrence of a natural disaster or severe weather event in any of these states, for example wildfires in california and hurricanes in florida, could result in additional credit loss provisions and/or charge-offs on our loans in such states and therefore negatively impact our net income and regulatory capital in any given period.
loans where borrowers may be subject to payment increases include arm loans with terms that initially require payment of interest only. payments may increase significantly when the interest-only period ends and the loan principal begins to amortize. at september 30, 2023 and 2022, these loans totaled $2.85 billion and $2.55 billion, respectively, or approximately 33% and 35% of the residential mortgage portfolio, respectively. the weighted-average number of years before the remainder of the loans, which were still in their interest-only period at september 30, 2023, begins amortizing is six years.
corporate and tax-exempt loans credit risk in our corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios is monitored on an individual loan basis for trends in borrower operating performance, payment history, credit ratings, collateral performance, loan covenant compliance, municipality demographics and other factors including industry performance and concentrations. as part of the credit review process, the loan rating is reviewed on an ongoing basis to confirm the appropriate risk rating for each credit. the individual loan ratings resulting from semi-annual snc exams are incorporated in our internal loan ratings when the ratings are received. if the snc rating is lower on an individual loan than our internal rating, the loan is downgraded. while we consider historical snc exam results in our loan ratings methodology, differences between the snc exam and internal ratings on individual loans typically arise due to subjectivity of the loan classification process. downgrades resulting from these differences may result in additional raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index provisions for credit losses in periods when snc exam results are received. the majority of our tax-exempt loan portfolio is comprised of loans to investment-grade borrowers. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on our allowance for credit losses policies.
credit risk is managed by diversifying the corporate bank loan portfolio. our corporate bank loan portfolio does not contain a significant concentration in any single industry. the following table details the industry concentrations (top five categories) of our corporate bank loans.
loans outstanding as a % of                                    loans outstanding as a % of total corporate bank loans held for sale and investment                       total loans held for sale and investment multi-family                                                                                    12%                                                             5%
consumer products and services                                                                   5%                                                             2%
the fed's measures to control inflation, including through increases in short-term interest rates, have had a dampening effect on the economy and are likely to continue to do so in the near-term. these and related factors could negatively impact our borrowers, particularly those with heightened exposure to rising interest rates. in response to changing trends and industry-wide challenges, we continue to closely monitor each loan in our commercial real estate portfolio, particularly office real estate, utilizing ltv ratios and other metrics. we are also monitoring any impacts of inflation, higher interest rates, and a potential recession on our corporate loan portfolio. during the year ended september 30, 2023, we reduced our corporate loan exposure in certain sectors with increasing credit concerns and sold approximately $670 million of par value of corporate loans. we may sell additional corporate loans in fiscal 2024 as part of our credit risk mitigation strategies. in addition, while we are well-positioned to lend once activity increases, we expect to be prudent when growing our corporate loan portfolio.
liquidity risk see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of this form 10-k for information regarding our liquidity and how we manage liquidity risk.
operational risk operational risk generally refers to the risk of loss resulting from our operations, including, but not limited to, business disruptions, improper or unauthorized execution and processing of transactions, deficiencies in our technology or financial operating systems and inadequacies or breaches in our control processes, including cybersecurity incidents (see "item 1a - risk factors" of this form 10-k for a discussion of certain cybersecurity risks). these risks are less direct than credit and market risk, but managing them is critical, particularly in a rapidly changing environment with increasing transaction volumes and complexity. we operate different businesses in diverse markets and are reliant on the ability of our employees and systems to process a large number of transactions. in the event of a breakdown or improper operation of systems or improper action by employees, we could suffer financial loss, regulatory sanctions, and damage to our reputation. in order to mitigate and control operational risk, we have developed and continue to enhance specific policies and procedures that are designed to identify and manage operational risk at appropriate levels throughout the organization and within such departments as finance, operations, information technology, legal, compliance, risk management, and internal audit. these control mechanisms attempt to ensure that operational policies and procedures are being followed and that our various businesses are operating within established corporate policies and limits. in addition, we have created business continuity plans for critical systems, and redundancies are built into the systems as deemed appropriate.
we have an operational risk management committee comprised of members of senior management, which reviews and addresses operational risks across our businesses. the committee establishes risk appetite levels for major operational risks, monitors operating unit performance for adherence to defined risk tolerances, and establishes policies for risk management at the enterprise level.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis       index periods of severe market volatility can result in a significantly higher level of transactions on specific days, which may present operational challenges from time to time that may result in losses. these losses can result from, but are not limited to, trade errors, failed transaction settlements, late collateral calls to borrowers and counterparties, or interruptions to our system processing. we did not incur any significant losses related to such operational challenges during the year ended september 30, 2023.
as more fully described in the discussion of our business technology risks included in various risk factors presented in "item 1a - risk factors" of this form 10-k, despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, natural disasters, power loss, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, and other events that could have an impact on the security and stability of our operations.
model risk model risk refers to the possibility of unintended business outcomes arising from the design, implementation or use of models. models are used throughout the firm for a variety of purposes such as the valuation of financial instruments, the calculation of our allowance for credit losses, assessing risk, stress testing, and to assist in making certain business decisions. model risk includes the potential risk that management makes incorrect decisions based upon either incorrect model results or incorrect understanding and use of model results. model risk may also occur when model outputs differ from the expected result. model errors or misuse could result in significant financial loss, inaccurate financial or regulatory reporting, or misaligned business strategies.
model risk management is a separate department within our risk management department and is independent of model owners, users, and developers. our model risk management framework consists primarily of model governance, maintaining the firmwide model inventory, validating and approving models used across the firm, and ongoing monitoring. results of validations and issues identified are reported to the enterprise risk management committee and risk committee of the board of directors. model risk management assumes responsibility for the independent and effective challenge of model completeness, integrity and design based on intended use.
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or reputational damage that the firm may suffer from a failure to comply with applicable laws, external standards, or internal requirements.
we have established a framework to oversee, manage, and mitigate compliance risk throughout the firm, both within and across businesses, functions, legal entities, and jurisdictions. the framework includes roles and responsibilities for the board of directors, senior management, and all three lines of risk management. this framework also includes programs and processes through which the firm identifies, assesses, controls, measures, monitors, and reports on compliance risk and provides compliance-related training throughout the firm. the compliance department plays a key leadership role in the oversight, management, and mitigation of compliance risk throughout the firm. it does this by conducting an annual compliance risk assessment, carrying out compliance monitoring and testing activities, implementing compliance policies, training associates on compliance-related topics, and reporting compliance risk-related issues and metrics to the board of directors and senior management, among other activities.