item 1a. risk factors our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity can be impacted by the factors set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results.
industry risks our business may be adversely affected by changes in global economic, capital market, and political conditions. our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions, international relations, and geopolitical events and actions, including inflation, credit market conditions, levels of consumer and business confidence, commodity (including energy) prices and supply, trade policies, exchange rates, changing policy positions or priorities, levels of government spending and deficits, the threat environment, political conditions, and actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt. the current global supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures have negatively affected, and we expect will continue to negatively affect, our performance as well as the performance of our suppliers and subcontractors. high inflation levels have increased material and component prices, labor rates, and supplier costs. in addition, due to the nature of our government and commercial aerospace businesses, and their respective customer and supplier contracts, we may be unable to increase our contract value or pricing to offset cost increases, in particular on our fixed price contracts. our operating profits and margins under our contracts could be adversely affected by these factors. similarly, interest rate increases have created financial market volatility and could further negatively impact financial markets, lead to an economic downturn or recession, and tighten the availability of, and increase the cost of, capital for the company, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. tightening of credit in financial markets also could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations, could result in a decrease in, or cancellation of, orders for our products and services, could impact the ability of our customers to make payments, and could increase the risk of supplier financial distress. our global business is also adversely affected by decreases in the general level of economic activity, such as decreases in business and consumer spending, air travel, the financial strength of airlines and business jet operators, and government procurement. in addition, geopolitical risks could affect government priorities, budgets, and policies, such as u.s. approvals of our foreign defense sales as well as sanctions and other trade-restrictive activities, which could impact sales of defense and other products and services.
changes in u.s. government defense spending could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, and overall business. u.s. government sales constitute a significant portion of our consolidated sales. our u.s. government revenues largely result from contracts awarded under various u.s. government programs, primarily defense-related programs with the u.s. department of defense (dod), and a broad range of programs with the u.s. intelligence community and other departments and agencies. changes in u.s. government defense spending for various reasons, including as a result of potential changes in policy or budgetary positions or priorities, could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. our programs are subject to u.s. government policies, budget decisions, and appropriation processes, which are driven by numerous factors including u.s. domestic and broader geopolitical events, macroeconomic conditions, and the ability of the u.s. government to enact relevant legislation, such as appropriations bills. in recent years, u.s. government appropriations have been affected by larger u.s. government budgetary issues and related legislation, and the u.s. government has been unable to complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year, resulting in both governmental shutdowns and continuing resolutions (crs) providing only enough funds for u.s. government agencies to continue operating at prior-year levels. the u.s. government is currently operating under a cr to keep the government funded while congress works to enact full year fiscal year 2024 (fy24) appropriation bills. while we expect congress to complete the full year fy24 appropriations bills before the current cr expire, if congress is unable to complete the fy24 appropriation bills, (or pass another cr), then the u.s. government would shut down during which federal agencies would cease all non-essential functions. our business, program performance, and results of operations could be impacted by the resulting disruptions to federal government offices, workers, and operations, including risks relating to the funding of certain programs, stop work orders, as well as delays in contract awards, new program starts, payments for work performed, and other actions. we also may experience similar impacts in the event of an extended period of continuing resolutions. generally, the significance of these impacts will primarily be based on the length of the continuing resolution or shutdown. furthermore, under the fiscal responsibility act of 2023, which imposes limits on discretionary spending for defense and non-defense programs in exchange for the lifting of the debt ceiling in june 2023, if congress fails to enact all appropriation bills by april 30, 2024, then the budget caps will be reduced and corresponding automatic reductions to agency budget accounts will be enforced through sequestration. as a result, u.s. government defense spending levels are subject to a wide range of outcomes and are difficult to predict beyond the near-term due to numerous factors, including the external threat environment, future governmental priorities, and the state of governmental finances. significant changes in u.s. government defense spending or changes in u.s. government priorities, policies, and requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
we face risks relating to our u.s. government contracts and programs, including the mix of our u.s. government contracts and programs, our performance, and our ability to control costs. the termination of one or more of our u.s. government table of contents contracts, or the occurrence of performance delays, cost overruns (due to inflation or otherwise), product failures, shortages in materials, components, or labor, contract definitization delays, or other failures to perform to customer expectations and contract requirements, could negatively impact our reputation and competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. u.s. government contracts generally permit the government to terminate the contract, in whole or in part, without prior notice, at the u.s. government's convenience or for default based on performance. if one of our contracts is terminated for convenience, we would generally be entitled to payments for our allowable costs incurred, termination costs, and would receive some allowance for profit on the work performed. if one of our contracts is terminated for default, we would generally be entitled to payments for work accepted by the u.s. government. a termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability and have a negative impact on our ability to obtain future contracts and orders. in addition, we are a subcontractor on some programs, and the u.s. government could terminate the prime contract for convenience or otherwise, without regard to our performance as a subcontractor. we may not be able to offset lost revenues resulting from contract termination. moreover, because the funding of u.s. government programs is subject to congressional appropriations made on a fiscal year basis even for multi-year programs, programs are often only partially funded initially and may not continue to be funded in future years. appropriation bills may be delayed, which may result in delays to funding, the collection of receivables, and our contract performance due to lack of authorized funds to procure related products and services. the timing of contract definitization can be affected by factors specific to the u.s. government, including staffing limitations. under certain circumstances, we may use our own funds to meet our customer's desired delivery dates or other requirements, but we may not be reimbursed. further, if appropriations for one of our programs become unavailable, reduced, or delayed, the u.s. government may terminate for convenience our contract or subcontract under that program. in addition, our u.s. government contracts typically involve the development, application, and manufacture of advanced defense and technology systems and products aimed at achieving challenging goals. as a result of untested or unproven technologies, or modified requirements or specifications, we may experience technological and other performance difficulties (including delays, setbacks, cost overruns, or product failures), our attention or resources may be diverted from other projects, and our future sales opportunities may be impacted. additionally, as our customers demand more mature and proven solutions, we may be required to invest in development prior to contract award with no guarantee of award.
our u.s. government contracts are typically either fixed-priced contracts or cost reimbursement contracts. fixed-price contracts are predominantly either firm fixed-price (ffp) contracts or fixed-price incentive (fpi) contracts. under ffp contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur, and we therefore carry the burden of any cost overruns. under fpi contracts, we generally share with the u.s. government savings for cost underruns less than target costs and expenses for cost overruns exceeding target costs up to a negotiated ceiling price. we carry the entire burden of cost overruns exceeding the ceiling price amount under fpi contracts, which may result in a cumulative adjustment in the period our estimates change. under cost reimbursable contracts, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and are typically paid a fixed or performance-based fee, but we are generally not reimbursed for unauthorized costs exceeding a cost ceiling amount or costs not allowable under the contract or applicable regulations. excess costs on cost reimbursable contracts could also result in lower profit rates. we may incur unexpected costs for various reasons, including technical and manufacturing challenges, schedule delays, shortages in materials, components, or labor, internal and subcontractor performance, product quality issues, inability to achieve the benefits of our cost reduction, digital transformation, manufacturing, operating, and other strategic initiatives, inflation, and changing laws or regulations, natural disasters, and public health crises. if we are unable to control costs or if our initial cost estimates are incorrect, our profitability could be negatively affected, particularly under fixed-price development contracts. we may also experience cost underruns which would reduce contract value and related expected revenues, and we may be unable to expand the contract scope or secure additional work to offset the resulting lost revenues. while contracts for development programs with complex design and technical challenges are often cost reimbursable, they can be ffp or fpi, which can significantly increase our risk of a potential negative profit adjustment, as development contracts by nature involve elements that have not been undertaken before and, thus, are highly subject to future unexpected cost growth. in addition, other contracts in backlog are for the transition from development to production, which includes starting and stabilizing a manufacturing and test line while the final design is still being validated. moreover, over the past several years, the dod has increased its use of other transaction authority (ota) agreements, under which it awards certain prototypes, research, and production contracts without all of the procurement requirements that typically apply to dod contracts, including justification of sole source awards. otas may use fixed-price contracting during all phases of the contract, or mandated contract cost sharing. they may also require non-traditional subcontractor participation and impose other requirements that differ from our other dod contracts. our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to bid for ota work and/or perform on our ota agreements, including any applicable non-traditional requirements. in addition, in order to support u.s. government priorities, we may begin performance prior to completing contract negotiations for an undefinitized contract action with a not-to-exceed price. uncertainties in final contract price, specifications and terms, or loss of negotiating leverage associated with particularly long delays in contract definitization may negatively affect our profitability. our u.s. government contracts also require us to comply with extensive and evolving procurement rules and regulations and subject us to potential u.s. government surveillance, audits, investigations, table of contents and disputes. we are also involved in programs that are classified by the u.s. government, which have security requirements that place limits on our ability to discuss our performance on these programs, including any risks, disputes, and claims.
our international business is subject to economic, regulatory, competition, and other risks. our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with political and economic factors, regulatory requirements, competition, and other risks. a significant portion of our sales are international, including u.s. export sales. our non-u.s. operations transactions may be denominated in local currencies. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations (including their impact on supplier prices) may negatively affect demand for our products and our reported profits, as well as our operating margins. the majority of our commercial aerospace sales are in u.s. dollars, while the majority of their non-u.s. operating costs are incurred in the applicable local currency. pratt & whitney canada is especially susceptible to fluctuations in exchange rates for this reason. in addition, because our financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, currency fluctuations may cause translation gains or losses for non-u.s. operating unit financial statements.
our international sales and operations are also subject to risks associated with local government laws, regulations, and policies, including with respect to investments, taxation, exchange controls, capital controls, employment regulations, and repatriation of earnings. differing legal systems, customs, and contract laws and regulations pose additional risk. international transactions may include contractual terms that differ from those of similar contracts in the u.s. or that may be interpreted differently in foreign countries. in addition, in certain foreign countries, we engage foreign non-employee representatives and consultants for international sales and teaming with international subcontractors, partners, and suppliers for international programs. while we have robust policies and controls in place, these engagements expose us to various challenges including risks associated with the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) and local antibribery laws and regulations. from time to time, we have disputes with such representatives regarding claimed commissions and other matters which can result in litigation or arbitration. in addition, we face risks related to the unintended or unauthorized use of our products.
our international business faces substantial competition from both u.s. companies and foreign companies. in some instances, foreign companies may be owned by foreign governments or may receive loans, marketing subsidies, and other assistance from their governments that may not be available to u.s. companies or our foreign subsidiaries. in addition, foreign companies may be subject to fewer restrictions on technology transfer than u.s. companies.
our international contracts, particularly for sales of defense products and services, may include offset or industrial cooperation obligations requiring specific local purchases, manufacturing agreements, technology transfer agreements, financial support obligations, or other local investments, sometimes in the form of in-country industrial participation (icip) agreements. approvals of offset or icip thresholds and requirements may be subjective and time-consuming and may delay contract awards. certain customers' demands are increasing for greater offset or icip commitment levels, higher-value content, including the transfer of technologies and capabilities, and local production and economic development. in addition, our ability to satisfy customer demands relating to the transfer of technologies and capabilities under icip arrangements and other international contracts may be limited by u.s. government export controls.
as a result of the above factors, we could experience financial penalties and award and funding delays on international programs, our profitability on these programs could be negatively affected, and we could incur losses on these programs that could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
geopolitical factors and changes in policies and regulations could adversely affect our business. our international sales and operations are sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, foreign government budgets, and regional and local political and economic factors, including wars and armed conflicts, political or civil unrest, volatility in energy prices or supply, inflation, interest rates, changes in threat environments and political relations, geopolitical uncertainties, and changes in u.s. foreign policy. our international sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in u.s. or foreign government laws, regulations, and policies, including those related to tariffs, sanctions, embargoes, export and import controls, other trade restrictions, and trade agreements. events such as increased trade restrictions, retaliatory trade policies, or regime change can affect demand for our products and services, the competitive position of our products, our supply chain, and our ability to manufacture or sell products in certain countries. further, operations in emerging market countries are subject to additional risks, including volatility in rates of economic growth, government instability, cultural differences (such as employment and business practices), the imposition of exchange and capital controls, and risks associated with exporting components manufactured in those countries for incorporation into finished products completed in other countries. while these factors and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
in addition, given the role of our defense businesses in the support of the national security interests of the u. s. and its allies, we are subject to risks and uncertainties relating to policies of the u.s. and its allies, as well as other countries, including those that are or become regarded as potential adversaries or threats. we engage in both direct commercial sales, which generally require u.s. government licenses and approvals, as well as foreign military sales, which are government-to-government transactions table of contents initiated by, and carried out at the direction of, the u.s. government. changes in budgets and spending levels, policies, or priorities, which are subject to geopolitical risks and threats, may impact our defense businesses, including the timing of and delays in u.s. government licenses and approvals for sales, the risk of sanctions or other restrictions, as well as potential human rights issues associated with the use of our defense products. these risks and uncertainties may directly or indirectly impact our commercial businesses as well.
of note, in february 2023, china announced sanctions against raytheon missiles & defense (rmd) (a former rtx corporation (rtx) business segment, which became part of raytheon as a result of the july 1, 2023 rtx segment realignment), and previously announced it may take measures against rtx, in connection with certain foreign military sales to taiwan. the chinese sanctions against rmd included a fine equal to twice the value of the arms that rmd sold to taiwan since september 2020. in addition, in september 2022, china indicated that it decided to sanction our chairman and chief executive officer, gregory hayes, in connection with another foreign military sale to taiwan involving rtx products and services. if china were to enforce sanctions, impose additional sanctions, or take other regulatory action against rtx, our suppliers, affiliates, or partners, it could potentially disrupt our business operations. the impact of the announced sanctions or other potential sanctions, or other actions by china is uncertain. our businesses have sold, and are expected to sell in the future, additional defense products to taiwan from time to time in alignment with our u.s. government policy, and we are unable to determine the potential impact, if any, of any future sanctions or other actions by china in response to these sales. moreover, the chinese government has generally expanded its ability to restrict china-related import, export and investment activities, which may have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct business or sell our commercial aerospace products in china. in addition, in response to russia's invasion of ukraine, the u.s. government and the governments of various jurisdictions in which we operate, have imposed broad economic sanctions and export controls targeting specific industries, entities, and individuals in russia. the russian government has implemented similar counter-sanctions and export controls targeting specific industries, entities, and individuals in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we operate, including certain members of the company's management team and board of directors. these government measures, among other limitations, restrict transactions involving various russian banks and financial institutions and impose enhanced export controls limiting transfers of various goods, software, and technologies to and from russia, including broadened export controls specifically targeting the aerospace sector. these measures have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect the company and/or our supply chain, business partners, or customers.
we continue to closely monitor developments in the war between israel and hamas that began on october 7, 2023, including potential impacts to rtx's business, customers, suppliers, employees, and operations in israel, the middle east, and elsewhere. at this time, impacts to rtx are minimal. rtx's commercial manufacturing facilities in israel remain open and operational and have continued exporting products and importing critical items and raw materials. the war has also not impacted our defense programs' ability to receive components from israel. for some products, there could be future delivery delays because of the ongoing war. the potential impacts to rtx are subject to change given the volatile nature of the situation.
our financial performance is dependent on the condition of the aerospace industry. our commercial aerospace businesses constitute a substantial portion of our financial results, and the performance of those businesses is directly tied to economic conditions in the commercial aerospace industry, which is cyclical in nature. capital spending and demand for aircraft engines, aerospace products, and component aftermarket parts and services is limited to commercial airlines, lessors, other aircraft operators and aircraft manufacturers that are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including current and predicted traffic levels, load factors, aircraft fuel prices, labor issues, airline consolidation, bankruptcies and restructuring activities, competition, the retirement of older aircraft, corporate profitability and financial health, cost reduction efforts, tightening of credit in financial markets and the availability of aircraft leasing and financing alternatives, remaining performance obligations levels, the satisfaction of certification or other regulatory requirements for aircraft in various jurisdictions, regulatory changes, terrorism and related safety concerns, and general economic conditions. any of these factors affecting the industry could reduce the sales and margins of our aerospace businesses. in addition, because we have significant business with airbus and boeing, our aerospace businesses could be adversely affected by challenges faced by these or other individual customers. other factors, including future terrorist actions, aviation safety concerns, pandemic health issues, or major natural disasters, could also dramatically reduce the demand for commercial air travel, which could negatively impact the sales and margins of our aerospace businesses. additionally, because a substantial portion of product deliveries to commercial aerospace customers are scheduled for delivery in the future, changes in economic conditions may cause customers to request that firm orders be rescheduled or canceled. at times, our aerospace businesses also enter into firm fixed-price or cost-share development contracts with customers, which may require us to bear cost overruns related to unforeseen technical and design challenges that arise during the development and early production stages of the program. spare parts sales and aftermarket services, particularly under long-term aftermarket contracts are also affected by similar factors, including usage, pricing, technological improvements, regulatory changes, and the retirement of older aircraft. furthermore, because of the lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing products in these business segments to market, we cannot predict the economic conditions that will exist when any new product is ready to enter into service. a reduction in spending in the commercial table of contents aviation industry could have a significant effect on the demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
we design, manufacture, and service products that incorporate advanced technologies; the introduction of new products and technologies involves risks, and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. the design, development, production, sale, and support of innovative commercial aerospace and defense systems and products involves advanced technologies. we invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products, and services aimed at meeting the ever-evolving product, program, and service needs of our customers. our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our investments depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules; receiving regulatory approvals; execution of internal and external performance plans; achieving cost and production efficiencies; availability and quality of supplier- and internally-produced parts and materials; availability of supplier and internal facility capacity to perform maintenance, repair, and overhaul services; availability of test equipment; development of complex software; hiring and training of qualified personnel; identification of emerging technological trends for our target end-customers; the level of customer interest in new technologies and products; customer acceptance of our products and technologies; and the level of competition as described below. for example we are investing in artificial intelligence, among other advanced technologies, and we may be unable to successfully integrate the technology into our products and services or keep pace with this rapidly changing technology. in addition, our customers manufacture or acquire end products and systems that incorporate certain of our products. these end products and systems may also incorporate additional technologies manufactured by third parties and involve additional risks and uncertainties. as a result, the performance and industry acceptance of these larger systems and end products could affect the level of customer interest in, and acceptance of, our products in the marketplace. in addition, many of our products must adhere to strict regulatory and market-driven safety and performance standards in a variety of jurisdictions. the evolving nature of these standards, along with the long duration of development, production, and aftermarket support programs, creates uncertainty regarding program profitability, particularly with our aircraft engine products. development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses, and these efforts may not lead to the development of new technologies or products on a timely basis or meet the needs of our customers as fully as competitive offerings. in addition, the industries for our products or products that incorporate our technologies may not develop or grow as we anticipate. we, or our customers, suppliers, or subcontractors, may encounter difficulties in developing and producing new products and services, and may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated or may otherwise suffer significant adverse financial consequences. due to the design complexity of our products, or those of our customers or third party manufacturers that incorporate our products into theirs or our customers' products, we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products, or we may experience the suspension of production after these products enter into service due to safety concerns. delays and/or suspension of production could result in increased development costs or deflect resources from other projects. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
in particular, pratt & whitney's geared turbofan family of engines incorporates advanced technologies. the level of orders received for the geared turbofan family of engines, coupled with a requirement to achieve mature production levels in a very short time frame, require significant manufacturing and supply chain capacity. in addition, in july 2023 pratt & whitney determined that a rare condition in powder metal used to manufacture certain engine parts requires accelerated inspection of the pw1100g-jm (pw1100) geared turbofan (gtf) fleet, which powers the a320neo family of aircraft, resulting in increased engine removals and inspections, shop visits, aircraft on ground levels, costs to the company, and other negative impacts described in more detail below. if any of our production or maintenance, repair, and overhaul ramp-up efforts are delayed, if suppliers cannot timely deliver or perform to our standards, if any other engine models are found to be materially impacted by the powder metal issue, and/or if we identify or experience other issues with in-service engines in the geared turbofan family of engines (or other engines), whether for manufacturing reasons or otherwise, we may not meet customer requirements, which could result in material additional costs, including liquidated damages or other liabilities.
competition may reduce our revenues and limit our future opportunities. we operate in highly competitive industries and our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and servicing capabilities than we do. our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. our bids are based in part upon the cost to provide the products and services. if we fail to accurately estimate these costs, the profitability of our contracts may be adversely affected. in addition, we may face customer-directed cost reduction targets that could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our contracts if these targets are not achieved when required. we have also experienced highly competitive pricing, in which a bidder may anticipate making a substantial investment in a program in order to win the work. moreover, bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards are frequent with respect to dod awards in particular. generally, a bid protest will delay the start of contract activities, delay earnings, and could result in the award decision being overturned and require a re-bid of the contract. highly competitive activity within the commercial aerospace industry has included substantial discounts and other financial incentives, performance and operating cost guarantees, and participation in financing arrangements, in order table of contents to secure both new engine business and the aftermarket revenues associated with these products. further, our competitors, including our customers, may develop competing technologies which gain industry acceptance in advance of, or instead of, our products, or meet particular in-demand technological needs before us or with technology that is superior to our existing or new technologies. this competition could cause our existing technologies and offerings to become obsolete or otherwise decrease demand for our offerings. in addition, the possibility exists that competitors or customers will develop aftermarket services and parts for our products that attract customers and adversely impact our return on investment on new products. we also anticipate companies continuing to enhance their competitive position against our defense businesses as a result of continued domestic and cross-border defense industry consolidation and the expansion of competitors' capabilities throughout the supply chain through vertical integration. we are also facing heightened competition domestically and internationally from foreign and multinational firms. additionally, some customers, including the dod, are increasingly turning to commercial contractors, rather than traditional defense contractors, for space-related technologies and for information technology and other support work. moreover, we are seeing increased government, particularly foreign, sponsorship of competitors on defense development programs. if we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors in our core businesses, we may experience declines in revenues and industry segment share which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
operational risks our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by cyber-attacks on information technology infrastructure and products, as well as changes in cybersecurity regulations. our business may be impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology (it) infrastructure, which could result from, among other causes, cyberattacks on or failures of such infrastructure or compromises to its physical security. the products and services that we provide our customers are also at risk of being adversely affected by cyber-attacks, including attempts to infiltrate them or sabotage or disable their use. like other companies, we regularly experience cyber-based attacks. cybersecurity threats are continuously evolving and include, but are not limited to, both attacks on our it infrastructure and attacks on the it infrastructure of our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other third parties with whom we do business routinely, both on premises and in the cloud, attempting to gain unauthorized access to our confidential, proprietary, or otherwise protected information, classified information, or information relating to our employees, customers and other third parties, or to disrupt our systems or the systems of third parties. cybersecurity threats also include attacks targeting the security, confidentiality, integrity and/or availability of the hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted in our products, including after the purchase of those products and when they are incorporated into third-party products, facilities or infrastructure. we are also exposed to the risk of insider threat attacks. any such attacks could disrupt our systems or those of third parties (including mission critical systems), impact business operations, result in unauthorized release of confidential, proprietary, or otherwise protected information, and corrupt our data or that of third parties. the threats we face are continuous and evolving, and vary in degree of severity and sophistication. these threats include advanced persistent threats from highly organized adversaries, including but not limited to cyber criminals, nation states and so-called hacktivists, particularly those adverse to the security interests of the u.s. and its allies, which target us and other defense contractors. these types of threats are related to the geopolitical environment and have, therefore, grown in number due to recent geopolitical conflicts. in addition, as a result of the rapid pace of technological change, we and our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other third parties with whom we conduct business continue to rely on legacy systems and software, which can be more vulnerable to cyber threats and attacks. moreover, we, like other companies, are seeing an unprecedented number of previously unknown vulnerabilities, for which there are no known mitigations, being revealed by new attacks. further, the sophistication, availability and use of artificial intelligence by threat actors present an increased level of risk. due to the evolving threat landscape, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience more frequent and increasingly advanced cyber-attacks. in addition, changes in domestic and international cybersecurity-related laws and regulations have expanded cybersecurity-related compliance requirements, and cybersecurity regulatory enforcement activity has grown. we expect the regulatory environment to continue to evolve, and staying apace with these regulatory changes could increase our operational and compliance expenditures and those of our suppliers, and lead to new or additional information technology and product development expenses. we also face reputational, litigation and financial risks in relation to potential required disclosures and increased risk of enforcement. we continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services and operations from potential cybersecurity threats, as well as to comply with evolving regulations. however, given the unpredictability, nature and scope of cyber-attacks, it is possible that we are unable to defend against all cyber-attacks, that potential vulnerabilities could go undetected and persist in the environment for an extended period, or that we may otherwise be unable to mitigate customer losses and other potential consequences of these attacks. in addition, some products and services that we provide to customers, particularly those related to public security, may raise potential liabilities related to privacy and intellectual property. in some cases, we must rely on the safeguards put in place by our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other third parties to protect against and report cyber threats and attacks. we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or table of contents ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromise of confidential information, intellectual property or otherwise protected information, misappropriation, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our or third-party systems, networks or products, financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, or potential liability, penalties, fines and/or damage to our reputation. any of these could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. due to the evolving nature of such risks, the impact of any potential incident cannot be predicted. further, our insurance coverage, which may exclude losses from war or cyber operations, may not be adequate to cover all related costs and we may not otherwise be fully indemnified for them.
we are dependent on a global supply chain and subject to risks related to the availability of materials and the performance of our suppliers; in recent years we have experienced supply chain disruptions that resulted in delays and increased costs and adversely affected our performance. our performance requires a variety of raw materials, supplier-provided parts, components, sub-systems, and contract manufacturing services, and we rely on u.s. and non-u.s. suppliers (including third-party manufacturing suppliers, subcontractors, and service providers) and commodity markets for these materials and services. in some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply, manufacturing, services support, or assembly, or participate in commodity markets that may be subject to allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. emerging laws and increasing regulatory requirements aimed at global supply chains may impact our ability to access certain materials and components, and otherwise adversely affect our business, and we may not only be held responsible for our compliance, but for that of our suppliers. in addition, our defense businesses are subject to specific procurement requirements that limit the types of materials they use. our defense businesses also must require suppliers to comply with various dod requirements, any of which requirements may further limit the suppliers and subcontractors they may utilize. identifying and qualifying second- or third- source suppliers can be difficult, time-consuming, and may result in increased costs.
in 2023, global supply chain disruptions impacted our ability to procure raw materials, microelectronics, and certain commodities. these disruptions were driven by supply chain market constraints and macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and labor market shortages. current geopolitical conditions, including conflicts and other causes of strained intercountry relations, as well as sanctions and other trade restrictive activities, are contributing to these issues. in addition, current high inflation levels have increased material and component prices, labor rates, and supplier costs, and put pressure on our margins. credit market conditions, including higher interest rates and the availability of credit, have impacted some of our suppliers and subcontractors as well. as a result of these procurement issues, the production flow in our factories has been negatively impacted, which has, in turn, hindered our ability to perform on our commitments to customers and negatively affected our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. our supply costs have increased due to the above factors. in addition, we are largely dependent upon foreign sources for certain raw materials, such as cobalt, tantalum, chromium, rhenium, nickel, and titanium, and we rely on foreign suppliers as single-source suppliers of some components. some raw materials and components have been in the past sourced from areas now under sanctions, such as russia, or are currently sourced from areas which are at risk of sanctions or other trade restrictive actions, such as china.
the timing of the impacts of these supply chain risks and issues and our ability to mitigate them are uncertain and difficult to predict. however, we expect the current supply chain, inflation, and price issues, and their negative impacts on our business, to continue into 2024. in particular, we expect to experience prolonged delays for certain critical component parts and sub-systems. furthermore, the existing supply chain issues could be compounded by other events, such as an economic downturn; supplier capacity constraints for other reasons; supplier quality issues (for example, defects or fraudulent parts); supplier closing, bankruptcy, or financial difficulties; price increases for various reasons; and worsening shortages of raw materials or commodities, including as a result of war or other geopolitical actions, natural disaster (including the effects of climate change), health pandemic or other business continuity events, or transport and distribution issues, any of which could further negatively impact our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs and therefore incrementally affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
due to the nature of our products and services, a product safety failure, quality issue or other failure affecting our or our customers' or suppliers' products or systems could seriously harm our business. our products and services are highly sophisticated and specialized, involve complex advanced technologies, are often integrated with third-party products and services, and are utilized for specific purposes that require precision, reliability, and durability. many of our products and services include both hardware and software that involve industrial machinery and intricate aviation and defense systems, including commercial and military jet engines, power and control systems, and other aircraft parts, air and missile defense systems, and military sensors and command and control systems. technical, mechanical, quality, electronic, and other failures may occur from time to time, whether as a result of manufacturing or design defect, operational process, or production issue attributable to us, our customers, suppliers, partners, third party integrators, or others. product design changes and updates could also have associated cost and schedule impacts. in addition, our products could fail as a result of cyber-attacks, such as those that seize control and result in misuse or unintended use of our products, or other intentional acts. the impact of a catastrophic product or system failure or similar event affecting our or our customers' or suppliers' products or services could table of contents be significant, and could result in injuries or death, property damage, loss of strategic capabilities, loss of intellectual property, loss of reputation, and other significant negative effects. a product or system failure, or perceived failure, could lead to negative publicity, a diversion of management attention, and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products and services. it could also result in product recalls and product liability and warranty claims (including claims related to the safety or reliability of our products) and related expenses, other service, repair and maintenance costs, labor and material costs, customer support costs, significant damages, and other costs, including fines and other remedies, and regulatory and environmental liabilities. we may also incur increased costs, delayed payments, reputational harm, or lost equipment or services revenue in connection with a significant issue with a third party's product with which our products are integrated. further, our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all related costs and we may not otherwise be fully indemnified for them. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
in particular, as previously disclosed, pratt & whitney has determined that a rare condition in powder metal used to manufacture certain engine parts requires accelerated inspection of the pw1100 gtf fleet, which powers the a320neo family of aircraft. this determination and corresponding fleet actions have significantly increased both the incremental number of pw1100 gtf engines that will need to be removed and the incremental number of shop visits necessary to perform the inspections as compared to estimates prior to this determination. actual and future estimated aircraft on ground levels for the a320neo family of aircraft have therefore increased. as a result, we have and will continue to incur significant customer support and mitigation costs and significant labor, material, and related costs. this matter has caused reputational harm and has negatively impacted, and will continue to impact, our results of operations and financial condition. the financial impact of the powder metal issue is based on historical experience and is subject to various assumptions and judgments, including, without limitation, the number and expected timing of shop visits, inspection results and scope of work to be performed, turnaround time, availability of parts, available capacity at overhaul facilities, and outcomes of negotiations with impacted customers, and these assumptions are subject to variability. potential changes to these assumptions could have a material effect on the company's results of operations for the periods in which it is recognized. in addition, other engine models within pratt & whitney's fleet contain parts manufactured with affected powder metal. the negative impacts to our company arising from the powder metal matter could increase if any other engine models are found to be materially impacted by this rare condition.
we depend on the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, and our failure to attract, train, and retain such personnel could seriously harm our business. due to the specialized nature of our business, our future performance is highly dependent upon the continued services of our key technical personnel and executive officers, and the hiring, development, and retention of qualified technical, engineering, manufacturing, marketing, sales, and management personnel for our operations. our defense business in particular requires qualified personnel with security clearances due to our classified programs. moreover, a significant percentage of our current workforce is nearing or eligible for retirement. to the extent that we lose experienced personnel in the future, it is critical that we develop other employees, hire new qualified personnel, and successfully manage the transfer of knowledge.
we have experienced, and continue to experience, challenges hiring highly qualified personnel including engineers, skilled laborers, and security clearance holders. we expect these difficulties to continue in the future. in addition, the cost of labor remains high. some candidates and new personnel may have job-related expectations that differ from our current workforce and are inconsistent with our corporate culture. with respect to existing personnel, some may become required to receive various security clearances and substantial training in order to work on certain programs or perform certain tasks. necessary security clearances may be delayed, which may impact our ability to perform on our u.s. government contracts. we also may not be successful in training or developing qualified personnel with the requisite relevant skills or security clearances. moreover, some of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. historically, we have been able to renegotiate expiring agreements without experiencing significant disruptions to business operations. however, the u.s. labor environment has experienced shifts, and if we have additional challenges renegotiating agreements or if our employees pursue new collective representation, then we could experience additional costs and/or be subject to work stoppages. any of the above factors could seriously harm our business.
moreover, we believe that a critical element of our ability to successfully attract, train, and retain qualified personnel is our corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation, collaboration, diversity, equity, and inclusion, and a focus on execution, all in an environment of high ethical standards. our global operations may present challenges in maintaining these important aspects of our corporate culture, and a failure to maintain our corporate culture could negatively impact us. further, we rely on our key personnel to lead with integrity and to meet our high ethical standards that promote excellent performance and cultivate diversity, equity, and inclusion. to the extent any of our key personnel were to behave in a way that is inconsistent with our values, including with respect to product safety or quality, legal or regulatory compliance, financial reporting, or people management, we could experience a materially adverse impact to our reputation and our operating results. in addition, failure or table of contents perceived failure to meet increasing stakeholder expectations on environmental, social, and governance (esg) matters could harm our reputation and impact demand for our products and services.
exports and imports of certain of our products are subject to various export control, sanctions, and import regulations and may require authorization from regulatory agencies of the u.s. or other countries. we must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export and import of products, services, and technology from and into the u.s. and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. in the u.s., these laws and regulations include, among others, the export administration regulations (ear) administered by the u.s. department of commerce, the international traffic in arms regulations (itar) administered by the u.s. department of state, embargoes and sanctions regulations administered by the u.s. department of the treasury, and import regulations administered by the u.s. department of homeland security and the u.s. department of justice. certain of our products, services, and technologies have military or strategic applications and are on the u.s. munitions list of the itar, the commerce control list of the ear, or are otherwise subject to the ear and/or the u.s. munitions import list, and we are required to obtain licenses and authorizations from the appropriate u.s. government agencies before exporting these products out of the u.s. or importing these products into the u.s. u.s. foreign policy or the foreign policy of other licensing jurisdictions may affect the licensing process or otherwise prevent us from engaging in business dealings with certain individuals, entities, or countries. any failure by us, our customers, or our suppliers to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal penalties, fines, seizure of our products, adverse publicity, restrictions on our ability to engage in export or import transactions, or the suspension or debarment from doing business with the u.s. government. moreover, any changes in export control, sanctions, or import regulations may further restrict the export or import of our products or services, and the possibility of such changes requires constant monitoring to ensure we remain compliant. our ability to obtain required licenses and authorizations on a timely basis, or at all, is subject to risks and uncertainties, including changing laws, regulations, or foreign policies, delays in congressional action, or geopolitical and other factors. if we are not successful in obtaining or maintaining the necessary licenses or authorizations in a timely manner, our sales relating to those approvals may be prevented or delayed, and revenue and profit previously recognized may be reversed. any restrictions on the export or import of our products or product lines could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by threats to our physical security and other events outside our control. we could encounter threats to our physical security, including our facilities and personnel, and threats from workplace violence, civil unrest, terrorism, or similar acts, any of which could disrupt our business. in addition, our business, and the businesses of our suppliers, subcontractors, service providers, and customers, could be disrupted by public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics (including a resurgence of the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic), and governmental, business, and individual actions taken in response, damaging weather or other acts of nature, cyber-attacks on it infrastructure and products, or other events outside of our control. any such business disruption could subject us to production downtimes, operational delays, supply chain challenges, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, decreased demand for our products, decreased defense budgets, financial losses from remedial actions, the diversion of management's attention and resources, or loss of business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. the impact of any such business disruption is difficult to predict.
we depend on our intellectual property and have access to certain third party intellectual property; infringement or failure to protect our intellectual property or access to third party intellectual property could adversely affect our future growth and success. we rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, it security systems, internal controls and compliance systems, and other measures to protect our intellectual property. we also rely on nondisclosure agreements, confidentiality obligations in contracts, it security systems, and other measures to protect certain customer and supplier information and intellectual property that we have in our possession or to which we have access. the u.s. government and foreign governments have licenses under certain of our intellectual property, including certain patents, which are developed or used in performance of government contracts. governments may use or authorize others (including our competitors) to use such patents and intellectual property for government and other purposes. governments may challenge the sufficiency of intellectual property rights we have granted in government contracts and attempt to obtain greater rights, which could reduce our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and to compete. in some instances, we have augmented our technology base by licensing the proprietary intellectual property of others. intellectual property obtained from third parties is also subject to challenge, invalidation, misappropriation, or circumvention by third parties. in addition, we may not be able to obtain necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms. in other instances, our ability to procure and perform government contracts requires us to obtain certain rights in the intellectual property of others through government grants. governments may deny us the right to obtain such rights in the intellectual property of others, which may affect our ability to perform government contracts. moreover, our efforts to protect intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. we cannot be sure that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, or that these patents will be found to be valid or table of contents sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the u.s. in addition, we may be the target of competitor or other third-party patent enforcement actions seeking substantial monetary damages or seeking to prevent our sale and marketing of certain of our products or services. our competitive position also may be adversely impacted by limitations on our ability to obtain possession of, and ownership of, necessary licenses concerning data important to the development or provision of our products or service offerings, or by limitations on our ability to restrict the use by others of data related to our products or services. we may also be subject to disruptions, losses, and liability resulting from various cybersecurity attacks or information technology failures, as described above. any of these events or factors could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, subject us to judgments, penalties, and significant litigation costs, or temporarily or permanently disrupt our sales and marketing of the affected products or services. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
legal, environmental, and regulatory risks as a u.s. government contractor, we are subject to risks relating to u.s. government audits, investigations, and disputes. we are subject to u.s. government investigations relating to our u.s. government contracts. such u.s. government investigations often take years to complete and could result in administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines, treble and other damages, forfeitures, restitution, or penalties, or could lead to suspension or debarment of u.s. government contracting or of export privileges. for instance, if we or one of our business units were charged with wrongdoing in connection with a u.s. government investigation (including fraud, or violation of certain environmental, fcpa, and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, or export laws, as further described below), the u.s. government could suspend us from bidding on or receiving awards of new u.s. government contracts pending the completion of legal proceedings. if convicted or found liable, the u.s. government could fine and debar us from new u.s. government contracting for a period generally not to exceed three years, and could void any contracts found to be tainted by fraud. we also could suffer reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us, even if such allegations are later determined to be unsubstantiated. further, our u.s. government contracts are subject to audit and we have received audit reports recommending the reduction of certain contract prices because, for example, cost or pricing data disclosures or cost accounting practices used to price and negotiate those contracts may not have conformed to government regulations. some of these audit reports recommend that certain payments be repaid, delayed, or withheld, and may involve substantial amounts, which could, if the audit reports' theories were to prevail in litigation, also have future impacts such as increasing the costs absorbed by our commercial businesses. we have made voluntary refunds in those cases we believe appropriate, have settled some allegations, and, in some cases, continue to negotiate and/or litigate. we may be, and have been, required to make significant payments into escrow of disputed liabilities while the related litigation is pending. if the litigation is resolved in our favor, any such payments will be returned to us with interest. the defense contract audit agency (dcaa) and the defense contract management agency (dcma) also review the adequacy of, and our compliance with, our internal control systems and policies, including our accounting, purchasing, government property, estimating, earned value management, and material management accounting systems. our final allowable incurred costs for each year are subject to audit and have from time to time resulted in disputes between us and the u.s. government, including dcma claims to recover payments for alleged noncompliance with cost accounting standards. in some cases, the department of justice (doj) has conducted investigations or convened grand juries to investigate possible irregularities in our costs. any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed by the u.s. government or must be refunded by us to the u.s. government if already reimbursed. an adverse outcome of any audit or investigation could result in civil and criminal penalties and fines, which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. in addition, if allegations of impropriety were made against us, we could suffer serious reputational harm, which could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
we are subject to litigation, environmental, anti-corruption, and other legal and compliance risks. we are subject to a variety of litigation and legal compliance risks. these risks relate to, among other things, product safety and reliability, personal injuries, intellectual property rights, contract-related claims, government contracts, taxes, environmental matters, export control, sanctions, employment matters, securities laws, competition laws, and laws governing improper business practices. we or one of our businesses could be charged with wrongdoing as a result of such matters. if convicted or found liable, we could be subject to significant fines, penalties, repayments, or other damages (in certain cases, treble damages). product recalls and product liability and warranty claims can result in significant damages and costs, including fines, as well as other harm to our business as discussed above. as a global business, we are subject to complex laws and regulations in the u.s. and in other countries in which we operate. those laws and regulations may be interpreted in different ways. they may also change from time to time, as may related interpretations and other guidance. changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses. uncertainty relating to laws or regulations may also affect how we conduct our operations and structure our investments and could limit our ability to enforce our rights.
table of contents we use hazardous substances and generate hazardous wastes in certain of our operations. as a result, we are subject to potentially material liabilities related to personal injuries or property damage that may be caused by hazardous substance releases and exposures. personal injury lawsuits may involve individual and purported class actions alleging that contaminants originating from our current or former products or operating facilities caused or contributed to medical conditions, including cancers or other illnesses incurred by employees, former employees, third-parties' employees, or residents in the area, and environmental damage or diminution of real estate values. for example, we are investigating and remediating contamination related to past practices at a number of properties and, in some cases, have been named as a defendant in related "toxic tort" claims. we are also subject to laws and regulations that: (1) impose requirements for the proper management, treatment, storage, and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes; (2) restrict air and water emissions from our operations (including u.s. government-owned facilities we manage); and (3) require maintenance of a safe workplace. these laws and regulations can lead to substantial fines and criminal sanctions for violations, and may require the installation of costly equipment or operational changes to limit pollution emissions, decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous substance releases, and/or reduce the risks of injury to people. we incur, and expect to continue to incur, capital and other expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. a criminal violation of certain u.s. environmental statutes such as the clean air act and clean water act could result in suspension, debarment, or disqualification by the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa). a facility determined to be in violation of the criminal provisions of these statutes can be prohibited from performing any u.s. government contract work until the violation has been corrected and the epa approves the reinstatement of the facility. even in litigation where we believe our liability is remote, there is a risk that a negative finding or decision in a matter involving multiple plaintiffs or a purported class action could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity, in particular with respect to environmental claims in regions where we have, or previously had, significant operations. in addition, new laws, regulations, or governmental policies, sudden changes in the interpretation and enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination, or the imposition of new clean-up standards could require us to incur additional costs in the future that would have a negative effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
in addition, the fcpa and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to u.s. and non-u.s. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. these laws apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees, and agents. u.s. companies also may be held liable for actions taken by strategic or local partners or representatives. the fcpa also imposes accounting standards and requirements on publicly traded u.s. corporations and their foreign affiliates, which are intended to prevent the diversion of corporate funds to the payment of bribes and other improper payments. certain of our customer relationships outside of the u.s. are with governmental entities and are, therefore, subject to the fcpa and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws of non-u.s. countries. our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. despite meaningful measures that we undertake to ensure lawful conduct, which include training and internal control policies, these measures may not always prevent violations of the fcpa or similar laws. we have been subject to regulatory investigations for alleged violations of anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, and could be subject to such investigations in the future, which could result in criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, further changes or enhancements to our procedures, policies and controls, personnel changes, or other remedial actions. violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, cause reputational harm, involve significant management attention, and result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
cybersecurity and data security and protection laws and regulations are evolving and present increasing compliance challenges, which may increase our costs, affect our competitiveness, cause reputational harm, and expose us to substantial fines or other penalties.
our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by climate change, including regulations, customer demand, technologies, and extreme weather. our business may be impacted by climate change and governmental and industry actions taken in response, which present short, medium, and long-term risks to our business and financial condition. current and emerging environmental and climate-related laws, regulations, or other policies, including regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, carbon pricing, energy taxes, product efficiency standards, mandatory disclosure obligations, and u.s. government procurement requirements, could increase our operational and compliance expenditures and those of our suppliers, including increased energy and raw materials costs, and costs associated with manufacturing changes, and lead to new or additional investments in product designs and facility upgrades. in addition, we continue to see ever-increasing demands for offerings focused on addressing climate change, transitioning to lower emission technologies, including low to no carbon products and services, the use of alternative energy sources, and other sustainable aviation technologies, and climate monitoring and adaptation products and services. customers, shareholders, and institutional investors are focused on esg, including our environmental sustainability practices and commitments with respect to our operations, products, and suppliers. as a result, we continue to make additional investments in new technologies and capabilities, and devote management and other resources in response to the foregoing. we may not realize, on a timely basis or at all, the anticipated benefits of these investments and table of contents actions for a variety of reasons, including technological challenges, evolving government and customer requirements, and our ability to anticipate them and develop in-demand technologies on a timely basis, and other risks related to the development of advanced technologies described above. in addition, certain technologies will be dependent upon government action, such as investments in infrastructure, creating appropriate market incentives, and making certain raw materials available for development of certain technologies. moreover, we rely on our suppliers to timely and effectively adapt and meet our evolving technological supply needs, and they may be unable to fully respond to our requirements in a timely manner or at all. we also face competition risks as our competitors also respond to advancing sustainable technologies. our competitors may develop these in-demand technologies before we do, their new technologies may be deemed by our customers to be superior to technologies we may develop, and their technologies may otherwise gain industry acceptance in advance of or instead of our products. in addition, as we and our competitors develop increasingly sustainable technologies, demand for our older offerings may decrease or become nonexistent. our reputation may also be damaged if we or our industry fail, or are perceived to fail, to achieve sustainability goals or commitments or to comply with evolving climate-related regulations. in addition, climate-related litigation and government investigations could be commenced against us, could be costly to defend, and could adversely affect our business. moreover, our business, the businesses of our suppliers, subcontractors, service providers, distributors, and customers, and the industries in which we operate, could be negatively impacted by increasing frequency and severity of acute extreme weather events caused by climate change, including hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, snow and ice storms, fires, heat waves, and mud slides, and by chronic changes in weather patterns, such as temperature increases, drought, and sea level rise. these events could damage our and our suppliers' facilities, products, and other assets, and cause disruptions to our business and operations, supply chain, and distribution networks, and the businesses of our customers, and require an increase in expenditures to improve climate resiliency of our operations. any of the foregoing could materially decrease our revenues and materially increase our costs and expenses.
financial, tax, and insurance related risks our debt levels and related debt service obligations could negatively impact our intended capital allocation, and we may be unable to obtain debt at competitive rates, on commercially reasonable terms, or in sufficient amounts. we have outstanding debt and other financial obligations, and we depend, in part, upon the issuance of debt to fund our business requirements. in connection with the accelerated share repurchase (asr) transactions, we incurred $10 billion of long-term debt. the increased indebtedness of rtx in connection with the asr transactions may have various negative impacts on our business. these include shifting significant cash flow from operations to debt principal and interest payments and asr transactions costs, which will reduce funds we have available for other purposes, such as acquisitions, research and development, and other reinvestments in our businesses, and dividends and common stock repurchases. it could also reduce our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and market conditions. it exposes us to interest rate and credit market risk at the time of refinancing outstanding debt, as well as these same risks on our commercial paper obligations, which are issued at variable rates.
in addition, if we require additional funding in order to fund outstanding financing commitments or meet other business requirements, a number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for debt, any of which may adversely affect our ability to fund our business requirements. these factors include disruptions or declines in the global capital markets and/or a decline in our financial performance, outlook, or credit ratings. as previously disclosed, in august 2023, s&p global downgraded our credit rating from a-/negative to bbb+/stable, and our credit rating with moody's investors service remained at baa1/stable. subsequently, in october 2023, both s&p global and moody's investors service outlook changed from stable to negative when we entered into the asr transactions. further downgrades of our credit ratings may result, if we are unable to meet operating expectations and our cash flow expectations, or to the extent that we are unable to reduce our outstanding debt according to planned timeframes.
we use estimates in accounting for many of our programs, and changes in our estimates could adversely affect our future financial results. accounting for long-term contracts and related assets requires estimates and judgments related to our progress toward completion and the long-term performance on the contract. significant judgments include potential risks associated with the ability and cost to achieve program schedule, including customer-directed delays or reductions in scheduled deliveries, and technical and other specific contract requirements including customer activity levels and variable consideration based upon that activity. due to the nature of the work required to be performed on many of our performance obligations, the estimation of total revenues and cost at completion is complex and subject to many variables. management must make assumptions and estimates regarding contract revenue and cost (such as estimates of variable consideration, including award fees and penalties), including with respect to: (1) labor productivity and availability; (2) the complexity and scope of the work to be performed; (3) the availability and cost of materials; (4) the length of time to complete the performance obligation; (5) execution by our subcontractors; (6) the availability and timing of funding from our customer; (7) overhead cost rates; and (8) current and past service cost and frequency driven by estimated aircraft and engine utilization and estimated useful lives of components, among other variables. cost estimates may also include the estimated cost of satisfying our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes in the form of either offset obligations or icip agreements, required under certain contracts. in addition, table of contents as previously disclosed, pratt & whitney has determined that a rare condition in powder metal used to manufacture certain engine parts requires accelerated inspection of the pw1100 gtf fleet, which powers the a320neo family of aircraft. this determination and corresponding fleet actions have significantly increased both the incremental number of pw1100 gtf engines that will need to be removed and the incremental number of shop visits necessary to perform the inspections as compared to estimates prior to this determination. actual and future estimated aircraft on ground levels for the a320neo family of aircraft have therefore increased. the financial impact of the powder metal issue is based on historical experience and is subject to various assumptions and judgments, including, without limitation, the number and expected timing of shop visits, inspection results and scope of work to be performed, turnaround time, availability of parts, available capacity at overhaul facilities, and outcomes of negotiations with impacted customers, and these assumptions are subject to variability. because of the significance of management's judgments and estimation processes described above, it is likely that materially different amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances, or estimates may adversely affect our future results of operations and financial condition.
significant changes in key estimates and assumptions with respect to our retirement plans, such as discount rate, expected return on plan assets (eroa), and other actuarial factors, could affect our future earnings, equity, and pension contributions. we must determine our pension and other postretirement benefit plans' expense or income, which involves significant judgment particularly with respect to our discount rate, eroa, and other actuarial assumptions. these assumptions are evaluated annually at december 31 and when significant events require a mid-year remeasurement. they may change significantly due to changes in economic, legislative, regulatory, and/or demographic experience or circumstances. changes in our assumptions or actual experience that differs from these assumptions, as well as management changes to retirement plans, could impact our pension and postretirement net periodic benefit (income) expense, the plans' funded status, and/or the required cash contributions to such plans, which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. our plan assets are invested in accordance with our investment management objectives and are subject to market volatility and other conditions.
additional tax expense or exposures could affect our future profitability. we are subject to income taxes in the united states and international jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. in the ordinary course of our business, there are transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. changes in tax laws and regulations, as well as changes and conflicts in related interpretations and other tax guidance, and fluctuations in taxable income could materially impact our tax receivables and liabilities and our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, as well as our income tax expense and tax payments. additionally, in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to examinations by various tax authorities. in addition to ongoing examinations, there could be additional examinations launched in the future by governmental authorities in various jurisdictions, and existing examinations could be expanded. the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. additionally, changes in the geographic mix of our sales could impact our tax liabilities and affect our income tax expense and profitability. the global and diverse nature of our operations means that these risks will continue to exist and additional examinations, proceedings, and contingencies will arise from time to time. our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity could be negatively impacted by any of the above factors, the outcome of any one of which cannot be predicted with certainty.
goodwill and other intangible assets represent a significant portion of our assets, and any impairment of these assets could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. a significant portion of our assets consists of goodwill and other intangible assets, primarily recorded as the result of historical acquisitions or investments in businesses. we may subsequently experience unforeseen events that could adversely affect the value of our goodwill or intangible assets. our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to an impairment test annually and are also tested for impairment whenever facts and circumstances indicate that goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets may be impaired. in the event of an impairment, any excess of the carrying value of these assets over the fair value must be written off in the period of determination. finite-lived intangible assets are generally amortized over the useful life of such assets. future determinations of significant impairments of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets as a result of an impairment test or accelerated amortization of finite-lived intangible assets could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases are subject to uncertainties and may affect our common stock price. quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases under our share repurchase program generally constitute components of our capital allocation strategy, which we fund through a combination of operating free cash flow, borrowings, and proceeds from divestitures. however, we are not required to declare dividends or make any share repurchases under our share repurchase program, other than with respect to the final settlement pursuant to the asr transactions. dividends and share repurchases may be discontinued, accelerated, suspended, or delayed at any time without prior notice. even if not discontinued, the amount of such dividends and repurchases may be changed, and the amount, timing, and frequency of such dividends and repurchases may table of contents vary from historical practice or from the company's stated expectations. decisions with respect to dividends and share repurchases are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and are based on a variety of factors. important factors that could cause us to discontinue, limit, suspend, increase, or delay our quarterly cash dividends or share repurchases include market conditions, the price of our common stock, the nature and timing of other investment opportunities, changes in our business strategy, the terms of our financing arrangements, our outlook as to the ability to obtain financing at attractive rates, the impact on our credit ratings, the availability of domestic cash, and overall business expectations. the reduction or elimination of our cash dividend, or suspension or elimination of our share repurchase program could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. additionally, there can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance shareowner value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock, and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program's effectiveness.
see item 5. "market for registrants common equity, related stockholder matters, and issuer purchases of equity securities" in this form 10-k for a description of our share repurchase program and past share repurchases, including our asr transactions.
we face certain significant risk exposures and potential liabilities that may not be adequately covered by indemnity or insurance. a significant portion of our business relates to designing, developing, and manufacturing advanced aerospace, defense, and technology systems and products. new technologies may be untested or unproven. in addition, we may incur significant liabilities that are unique to our products and services. in some, but not all, circumstances, we may be entitled to indemnification from our customers through contractual provisions, and we may obtain limitations of liability and additional defenses for various reasons including the qualification of our products and services by the department of homeland security (dhs) under the safety act provisions of the homeland security act of 2002. the insurance coverage we maintain or indemnification to which we may be contractually or otherwise entitled may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities. accordingly, we may be forced to bear substantial costs resulting from risks and uncertainties of our business, which would negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. any accident, failure of, or defect in our products and services, even if fully indemnified or insured, could negatively affect our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively. it could also affect the cost and availability of insurance in the future.
strategic initiative and transaction risks we may be unable to realize expected benefits from strategic initiatives. in order to operate more effectively and efficiently, from time to time we undertake strategic and other operational initiatives. for example, we are undergoing a significant, multi-year digital transformation initiative to improve our business, modernize operations, and reduce costs. under this initiative, we are leveraging digital capabilities throughout the way in which we conduct our business and provide our products and services to customers, including how we design, build, and maintain our products and services. we also continue to engage our customer oriented results excellence (core) operating system to drive continuing improvement into our processes and facilities. in addition, we continue to invest in structural cost reduction in our facilities, including aligning work to more efficient manufacturing centers, implementing advanced manufacturing capabilities including automation, and closing facilities that are not required to meet future capacity and work needs. other initiatives include the pursuit of advanced technologies and new business acquisitions and subsequent integrations. for example, we are investing in the integration of artificial intelligence technologies into our processes and business operations. moreover, effective july 1, 2023, we realigned our current business segment structure from four to three business segments. we also implement restructuring plans from time to time. restructuring activities include or may result in workforce reductions, global facility reductions, procurement cost reduction activities, legal entity and operational reorganizations, and other cost reduction initiatives. these strategic activities are complex and require the investment of resources including in personnel and systems. if we do not successfully manage our current or future strategic initiatives, expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. in addition, certain u.s. government contracts and programs have begun to require digital engineering and other digital capabilities, and our inability to achieve these capabilities with respect to these programs timely may result in loss of revenues. risks associated with workforce management issues include unfavorable political responses to such actions, unforeseen delays in the implementation of anticipated workforce reductions, additional unexpected costs, adverse effects on employee morale, and the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees or work stoppages. any of the above factors may impair our ability to achieve anticipated benefits, or otherwise harm our business, or have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
failure to successfully manage potential future acquisitions, investments, divestitures, joint ventures, and other transactions, and other risks associated with these activities could adversely affect our future financial results. in pursuing our business strategies, we continually review, evaluate, and consider potential investments, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and other teaming and collaborative arrangements. we undertake to identify opportunities that will complement our existing products and services or customer base, as well as expand our offerings and business opportunities into new areas that naturally extend from our core capabilities. in evaluating such transactions, we are required to make difficult judgments table of contents regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and cost of potential liabilities. further, these transactions involve certain other risks and uncertainties including: (1) the risks involved with entering new markets; (2) the difficulty in integrating newly-acquired businesses and managing or monitoring other collaborative business arrangements; (3) the complexity of separating a portion of our business to enable a divestiture; (4) challenges and failures in achieving strategic objectives and other expected benefits, which may result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitments; (5) the risk that regulatory authorities may deny our proposed transactions, or may impose on those transactions conditions that undermine the strategic rationale, reduce the financial benefit of, or jeopardize the consummation of those transactions; (6) unidentified issues not discovered in rtx's due diligence; (7) the diversion of our attention and resources from our operations and other initiatives; (8) the potential impairment of acquired assets; (9) the performance of underlying products, capabilities, or technologies; and (10) the potential loss of key employees and customers of acquired businesses. in addition, future transactions may impact our deployment of capital, including dividends, stock repurchases, pension contributions, and investments. in particular, if we are unable to complete the pending divestitures of collins' actuation and flight controls business and/or raytheon's cybersecurity, intelligence and services business within our expected timeframes or at all, we may be unable to reduce our outstanding debt according to planned timeframes.
if either distribution of the stock of carrier or otis, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free, including as a result of subsequent acquisitions of our stock (including pursuant to the raytheon merger), we could be subject to significant tax liabilities. on april 3, 2020, united technologies corporation (utc) completed the separation of utc's business into three independent, publicly traded companies (utc, carrier global corporation (carrier) and otis worldwide corporation (otis)) (the separation transactions). utc distributed all of the outstanding shares of carrier common stock and all of the outstanding shares of otis common stock to utc shareowners who held shares of utc common stock as of the close of business on march 19, 2020, the record date for the distributions (the distributions) effective at 12:01 a.m., eastern time, on april 3, 2020. we received (1) a private letter ruling from the internal revenue service (irs) regarding certain u.s. federal income tax matters relating to the separation transactions and distributions and (2) an opinion of outside counsel regarding the qualification of certain elements of the distributions under section 355 of the code. although we intend for the distributions generally to be tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes, there can be no assurance that they will so qualify. even if the distributions were to otherwise qualify as tax-free transactions under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, either distribution or both distributions may result in taxable gain to us (but not our stockholders) under section 355(e) of the code if such distribution(s) were deemed to be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which one or more persons acquire, directly or indirectly, shares representing a 50% or greater interest (by vote or value) in shares of carrier, otis, or us, as applicable. if the irs were to determine that any post-distribution acquisitions of carrier stock, otis stock, or our stock, as applicable, pursuant to such a plan (when aggregated with any pre-distribution acquisitions of carrier stock, otis stock, or our stock, as applicable, pursuant to such a plan) would represent a 50% or greater interest in shares of carrier, otis, or us, as applicable, such determination could result in significant tax liabilities to us. for purposes of this test, even if the raytheon merger were treated as part of such plan, it did not result in an acquisition of a 50% or greater interest in us. any such tax liabilities imposed on us may adversely affect an investment in us. in addition, we obtained tax rulings in certain non-u.s. jurisdictions and/or opinions of external tax advisors, in each case, regarding the tax treatment of certain separation transactions. notwithstanding the receipt of such tax rulings and opinions, there can be no assurance that the relevant taxing authorities will not assert that the tax treatment of the relevant separation transactions differs from the conclusions reached therein. in the event the relevant taxing authorities prevail with any challenge in respect of any relevant separation transaction, we would be subject to significant tax liabilities, which may adversely affect an investment in us. further, under a tax matters agreement that we entered into with carrier and otis in connection with the separation transactions and distributions, each of carrier and otis generally is required to indemnify us for certain taxes we may incur resulting from the separation transactions and/or the distributions failing to qualify for the intended tax treatment. in addition, under the tax matters agreement, each of carrier and otis is responsible for (i) a specified portion of any installment payment we are required to make pursuant to section 965(h)(2) of the code and (ii) specified taxes that exclusively relate to the carrier business or the otis business, as applicable. the amount of any such taxes for which we would be responsible may be significant, and if we were unable to obtain indemnification payments from carrier or otis to which we are entitled under the tax matters agreement and/or other agreements entered into in connection with the separation transactions and the distributions, we would incur significant losses.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to provide information to the reader in understanding our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements between select periods, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes. in addition, we discuss certain accounting principles, policies, and critical estimates that affect our financial statements. our discussion also contains some additional context regarding our business, including industry considerations and the business environment, as well as certain forward-looking statements related to future events and expectations. this md&a should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this form 10-k, including item 1a. "risk factors."
business overview we are a global premier systems provider of high technology products and services to the aerospace and defense industries. effective july 17, 2023, we changed our legal name from raytheon technologies corporation to rtx corporation. effective july 1, 2023, we streamlined the structure of our core businesses to three principal business segments: collins aerospace (collins), pratt & whitney, and raytheon. all segment information included in this form 10-k is reflective of this new structure and prior period information has been recast to conform to our current period presentation. unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "we," "our," "us," "the company," and "rtx" mean rtx corporation and its subsidiaries.
industry considerations our worldwide operations can be affected by industrial, economic, and political factors on both a regional and global level. our operations include original equipment manufacturer (oem) and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. our defense business serves both domestic and international customers primarily as a prime contractor or subcontractor on a broad portfolio of defense and related programs for government customers. our business mix also reflects the combination of shorter cycles in our commercial aerospace spares contracts and certain service contracts in our defense business, and longer cycles in our aerospace oem and aftermarket maintenance contracts and on our defense contracts to design, develop, manufacture, or modify complex equipment. our customers are in the public and private sectors, and our businesses reflect an extensive geographic diversification that has evolved with continued globalization.
government legislation, policies, and regulations can impact our business and operations. changes in environmental and climate change-related laws or regulations, including regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, carbon pricing, and energy taxes, could lead to new or additional investment in product designs and facility upgrades and could increase our operational and environmental compliance expenditures, including increased energy and raw materials costs and costs associated with manufacturing changes. in addition, government and industry-driven safety and performance regulations, restrictions on aircraft engine noise and emissions, government imposed travel restrictions, and government procurement practices can impact our businesses. collins and pratt & whitney serve both commercial and government aerospace customers. revenue passenger miles (rpms), available seat miles, and the general economic health of airline carriers are key barometers for our commercial aerospace operations. performance in the general aviation sector is closely tied to the overall health of the economy and is positively correlated to corporate profits. many of our aerospace customers are covered under long-term aftermarket service agreements at both collins and pratt & whitney, which are inclusive of both spare parts and services.
our defense operations are affected by u.s. department of defense (dod) budget and spending levels, changes in demand, changes in policy positions or priorities, the domestic and global political and economic environment, and the evolving nature of the global and national security threat environment. in addition, our defense businesses engage in both direct commercial sales, which generally require u.s. government licenses and approvals, as well as foreign military sales, which are government-to-government transactions initiated by, and carried out at the direction of, the u.s. government. changes in these budget and spending levels, policies, or priorities, which are subject to u.s. domestic and foreign geopolitical risks and threats, may impact our defense businesses, including the timing of and delays in u.s. government licenses and approvals for sales, the risk of sanctions, or other restrictions.
other matters global economic and political conditions, changes in raw material and commodity prices and supply, labor availability and costs, inflation, interest rates, geopolitical conflicts and strained intercountry relations, u.s. and non u.s. tax law changes, foreign currency exchange rates, energy costs and supply, levels of air travel, the financial condition of commercial airlines, and the impact from natural disasters and weather conditions create uncertainties that could impact our businesses.
pratt & whitney powder metal matter. as described further in "note 17: commitments and contingencies" within item 8 of this form 10-k, pratt & whitney has determined that a rare condition in powder metal used to manufacture certain engine parts requires accelerated inspection of the pw1100g-jm (pw1100) geared turbofan (gtf) fleet, which powers the a320neo table of contents family of aircraft (a320neo) (herein referred to as the "powder metal matter").
global supply chain. we are dependent on a global supply chain and in recent years have experienced supply chain disruptions that resulted in delays and increased costs and adversely affected our performance. these disruptions impacted our ability to procure raw materials, microelectronics, and certain commodities on a timely basis and/or at expected prices, and are driven by supply chain market constraints and macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and labor market shortages. current geopolitical conditions, including conflicts and other causes of strained intercountry relations, as well as sanctions and other trade restrictive activities, are contributing to these issues. furthermore, our suppliers and subcontractors have been impacted by these same issues. we have implemented actions and programs to mitigate some of the impacts but anticipate supply chain disruptions to continue into 2024.
economic environment. current high inflation levels have increased material and component prices, labor rates, and supplier costs and have negatively impacted our operating profit and margin, including impact on productivity expectations. due to the nature of our government and commercial aerospace businesses, and their respective customer and supplier contracts, we are not always able to offset cost increases by increasing our contract value or pricing, in particular on our fixed-price contracts. increasing material, component, and labor prices could subject us to losses in our fixed price contracts in the event of cost overruns. in addition, higher interest rates have increased the cost of borrowing and tightened the availability of capital. among other things, these effects can constrain our customers' purchasing power and decrease orders for our products and services and impact the ability of our customers to make payments and our suppliers to perform. moreover, volatility in interest rates and financial markets can lead to economic uncertainty, an economic downturn or recession and impact the demand for our products and services as well as our supply chain. we continue to pursue strategic and operational initiatives to help address these macroeconomic pressures, including our digital transformation, operational modernization, cost reduction, and advanced technology programs, and we apply our customer oriented results excellence (core) operating platform to the execution of these initiatives. however, the impact of these pressures and corresponding initiatives is uncertain and subject to a range of factors and future developments.
u.s. government's budget. since the end of its fiscal year 2023, the u.s. government has been operating under a series of continuing resolutions to keep the government funded while congress works to enact full year fiscal year 2024 (fy24) appropriation bills. on january 7, 2024, congressional leaders announced an overall funding agreement enabling congress to complete action on the fy24 appropriations bills. the current continuing resolution, signed on january 19, 2024, funds certain agencies through march 1 and others through march 8. under a continuing resolution, federal agencies continue to operate generally at the same funding levels as the prior year, but typically new spending initiatives cannot be executed during this period. while we expect congress to complete the full year fy24 appropriations bills before the current continuing resolution expires and for the fy24 defense appropriations bill to provide increased spending consistent with the overall funding agreement, if congress is unable to complete the fy24 appropriation bills (or pass another continuing resolution), then the u.s. government would shut down during which federal agencies would cease all non-essential functions.
geopolitical matters. in response to russia's invasion of ukraine, the u.s. government and the governments of various jurisdictions in which we operate, have imposed broad economic sanctions and export controls targeting specific industries, entities, and individuals in russia. the russian government has implemented similar counter-sanctions and export controls targeting specific industries, entities, and individuals in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we operate, including certain members of the company's management team and board of directors. these government measures, among other limitations, restrict transactions involving various russian banks and financial institutions and impose enhanced export controls limiting transfers of various goods, software, and technologies to and from russia, including broadened export controls specifically targeting the aerospace sector. these measures have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, the company and/or our supply chain, business partners, or customers; however, based on information available to date, we do not currently expect these issues will have a material adverse effect on our financial results. we will continue to monitor future developments, including additional sanctions and other measures, that could adversely affect the company and/or our supply chain, business partners, or customers.
in february 2023, china announced sanctions against raytheon missiles & defense (rmd) (a former rtx corporation (rtx) business segment which became part of raytheon as a result of the july 1, 2023 rtx segment realignment), and previously announced it may take measures against rtx, in connection with certain foreign military sales to taiwan. the chinese sanctions against rmd included a fine equal to twice the value of the arms that rmd sold to taiwan since september 2020. in addition, in september 2022, china indicated that it decided to sanction our chairman and chief executive officer, gregory hayes, in connection with another foreign military sale to taiwan involving rtx products and services. if china were to impose additional sanctions, enforce announced sanctions, or take other regulatory action against rtx, our suppliers, affiliates, or partners, it could potentially disrupt our business operations. any impact of these or other potential sanctions or other actions by china is uncertain.
table of contents we have direct commercial sales contracts for products and services to certain foreign customers, for which u.s. government review and approval have been pending. the u.s. government's approval of these sales is subject to a range of factors, including its foreign policies related to these customers, which are subject to continuing review and potential changes. likewise, regulatory approvals previously granted for prior sales can be paused or revoked if the products and services have not yet been delivered to the customer. in addition, certain programs require approvals by foreign governments, and those approvals may not be obtained on a timely basis or at all or may be revoked. if we ultimately do not receive all of the regulatory approvals, or those approvals are revoked, it could have a material effect on our financial results. in particular, as of december 31, 2023, our contract liabilities include approximately $405 million of advance payments received from a middle east customer on contracts for which we no longer believe we will be able to execute on or obtain required regulatory approvals. these advance payments may become refundable to the customer if the contracts are ultimately terminated.
we continue to closely monitor developments in the war between israel and hamas that began on october 7, 2023, including potential impacts to rtx's business, customers, suppliers, employees, and operations in israel, the middle east, and elsewhere. at this time, impacts to rtx are minimal. rtx's commercial manufacturing facilities in israel remain open and operational and have continued exporting products and importing critical items and raw materials. the war has also not impacted our defense programs' ability to receive components from israel. for some products, there could be future delivery delays because of the ongoing war. the potential impacts to rtx are subject to change given the volatile nature of the situation.
see item 1a. "risk factors" within part i of this form 10-k for further discussion.
financial summary we use the following key financial performance measures to manage our business on a consolidated basis and by business segment, and to monitor and assess our results of operations:
net sales: a growth metric that measures our revenue for the current year;
operating profit: a measure of our profit for the year, before non-operating expenses, net and income taxes;
operating profit margin: a measure of our operating profit as a percentage of total net sales; and
operating cash flow from continuing operations: a measure of the amount of cash generated by our business operations.
operating profit                                          3,561                    5,504                    5,136
operating profit margins                                    5.2   %                  8.2   %                  8.0   %
in order to better assess the underlying performance of our business, we also focus on the change in organic net sales on both a consolidated basis and business segment basis, and the change in organic operating profit on a business segment basis, which allows for better year-over-year comparability. see results of operations below for our definition of the organic change in net sales and operating profit, which are not defined measures under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and may be calculated differently by other companies.
we also focus on backlog as a key financial performance measure of our forward-looking sales growth. total backlog was $196 billion and $175 billion as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. backlog, which is equivalent to our remaining performance obligations (rpo) for our sales contracts, represents the aggregate dollar value of firm orders for which products have not been provided or service has not been performed and excludes unexercised contract options and potential orders under ordering-type contracts (e.g., indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity (idiq) type contracts). backlog generally increases with bookings and/or orders and generally decreases as sales are recognized on these bookings and is affected by changes in foreign exchange rates, as well as contract cancellations and terminations, and cost underruns on cost-type contracts.
in addition, we maintain a strong focus on program execution and the prudent management of capital and investments in order to maximize operating income and cash. we focus on adjusted earnings per share (eps) and measures to assess our cash generation and the efficiency and effectiveness of our use of capital, such as free cash flow, both of which are not defined measures under u.s. gaap and may be calculated differently by other companies.
considered together, we believe these metrics are strong indicators of our overall performance and our ability to create shareowner value. we also use these and other performance metrics for executive compensation purposes.
a discussion of our results of operations and financial condition follows below in results of operations, segment review, and liquidity and financial condition.
table of contents results of operations as described in our "cautionary note concerning factors that may affect future results" of this form 10-k, our period-to-period comparisons of our results, particularly at a segment level, may not be indicative of our future operating results. the following discussions of comparative results among periods, including the discussion of segment results, should be viewed in this context.
we provide the organic change in net sales and cost of sales for our consolidated results of operations as well as the organic change in net sales and operating profit for our segments. we believe that these non-generally accepted accounting principles (non-gaap) measures are useful to investors because they provide transparency to the underlying performance of our business, which allows for better year-over-year comparability. the organic change in net sales, cost of sales, and operating profit excludes acquisitions and divestitures, net, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate translation fluctuations, and other significant non-operational items and/or significant operational items that may occur at irregular intervals (other). additionally, the organic change in cost of sales and operating profit excludes restructuring costs, the fas/cas operating adjustment, and costs related to certain acquisition accounting adjustments. restructuring costs generally arise from severance related to workforce reductions and facility exit costs. we are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. the fas/cas operating adjustment represents the difference between the service cost component of our pension and postretirement benefit (prb) expense under the financial accounting standards (fas) requirements of u.s. gaap and our pension and prb expense under u.s. government cost accounting standards (cas), primarily related to our raytheon segment. acquisition accounting adjustments include the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to acquisitions, the amortization of the property, plant and equipment fair value adjustment acquired through acquisitions, the amortization of customer contractual obligations related to loss making or below market contracts acquired, and goodwill impairment, if applicable.
the factors contributing to the total change year-over-year in total net sales are as follows:
acquisitions and divestitures, net            (143)                    (676)
total change                                 $1,846                   $2,686
(1)    see "results of operations" for definition of organic. a reconciliation of this measure to reported u.s. gaap amounts is provided in the table above.
net sales increased $7.3 billion organically in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to higher organic sales of $3.2 billion at collins, $3.1 billion at pratt & whitney, and $1.3 billion at raytheon. the $0.1 billion decrease in net sales related to acquisitions and divestitures, net in 2023 compared to 2022, was primarily driven by the divestiture of a small non-core naval power business in the fourth quarter of 2022. the decrease in other net sales of $5.4 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, was primarily driven by the net sales charge of $5.4 billion associated with the powder metal matter recognized in the third quarter of 2023.
net sales increased $3.7 billion organically in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to higher organic sales of $2.5 billion at pratt & whitney and $2.1 billion at collins, partially offset by lower organic sales of $0.7 billion at raytheon. the $0.7 billion decrease in net sales related to acquisitions and divestitures, net in 2022 compared to 2021, was primarily driven by the sale of our global training and services business within our raytheon segment in the fourth quarter of 2021. the decrease in other net sales of $0.3 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 represents the impact of foreign exchange.
see "segment review" below for further information by segment.
refer to "note 20: segment financial data" within item 8 of this form 10-k for the composition of external net sales by products and services by segment.
net products sales decreased $1.2 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily driven by a $3.8 billion decrease at pratt & whitney primarily driven by a net sales charge of $5.3 billion associated with the powder metal matter, partially offset by increases of $2.1 billion at collins and $0.6 billion at raytheon. net services sales increased $3.0 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to increases in external services sales of $1.7 billion at pratt & whitney, $0.8 billion at collins, and $0.6 billion at raytheon, partially offset by a net sales charge of $0.1 billion associated with the powder metal matter.
net products sales increased $1.5 billion in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to increases in external products sales of $1.3 billion at collins and $1.2 billion at pratt & whitney, partially offset by decreases in external products sales of $1.0 billion at raytheon. net services sales increased $1.2 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to increases in external services sales of $1.2 billion at pratt & whitney and $0.4 billion at collins, partially offset by a decrease in external services sales of $0.4 billion at raytheon, primarily driven by the sale of the global training and services business in the fourth quarter of 2021.
our sales to major customers were as follows:
foreign military sales through the u.s. government              4,974                    5,042                   5,546                   7   %                   8   %                   9   %
foreign government direct commercial sales                      4,249                    4,327                   4,993                   6   %                   6   %                   8   %
(1)    excludes foreign military sales through the u.s. government.
the factors contributing to the change year-over-year in total cost of sales are as follows:
acquisitions and divestitures, net            (133)                    (552)
restructuring                                   107                        3
acquisition accounting adjustments              107                    (348)
total change                                 $3,425                   $1,509
(1)    see "results of operations" for definition of organic. a reconciliation of this measure to reported u.s. gaap amounts is provided in the table above.
the organic increase in total cost of sales in 2023 compared to 2022 of $5.7 billion was primarily due to the organic sales increases at pratt & whitney, collins, and raytheon noted above. the $0.1 billion decrease in cost of sales related to acquisitions and divestitures, net in 2023 compared to 2022, was primarily driven by the divestiture of a small non-core naval power business in the fourth quarter of 2022. the decrease in other cost of sales of $2.6 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was
the organic increase in total cost of sales in 2022 compared to 2021 of $2.4 billion was primarily due to the organic sales increases at pratt & whitney and collins noted above. the decrease related to acquisitions and divestitures, net of $0.6 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by the sale of our global training and services business within our raytheon segment in the fourth quarter of 2021. the decrease in other cost of sales of $0.2 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by the impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by charges recorded during the first quarter of 2022 at pratt & whitney and collins related to impairment of customer financing assets for products under lease, inventory reserves, purchase order obligations, and the impairment of contract fulfillment costs that are no longer recoverable, all due to global sanctions on and export controls with respect to russia. see "note 1: basis of presentation and summary of accounting principles" within item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information.
restructuring actions relate to ongoing cost reduction efforts including workforce reductions and the consolidation of facilities.
for further discussion on fas/cas operating adjustment see the "fas/cas operating adjustment" subsection under the "segment review" section below. for further discussion on acquisition accounting adjustments, see the "acquisition accounting adjustments" subsection under the "segment review" section below.
net products cost of sales increased $1.5 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to increases in external products cost of sales at pratt & whitney, collins, and raytheon, all driven by the products sales changes noted above, partially offset by a net reduction in cost of sales of $2.5 billion primarily reflecting our partners' share of the powder metal matter. net services cost of sales increased $1.9 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to increases in external services cost of sales at pratt & whitney, collins, and raytheon, all driven by the services sales changes noted above.
net products cost of sales increased $0.8 billion in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to increases at collins and pratt & whitney, partially offset by decreases at raytheon and declines in acquisition accounting adjustments. the changes at collins, pratt & whitney, and raytheon were related to the changes in products sales noted above. net services cost of sales increased $0.7 billion in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to increases in external services cost of sales at pratt & whitney and collins, partially offset by a decrease in external services cost of sales at raytheon, all driven by the services sales changes noted above.
research and development
customer-funded (1)              $4,456                   $4,376                   $4,485
research and development spending is subject to the variable nature of program development schedules and, therefore, year-over-year fluctuations in spending levels are expected.
the increase in company-funded research and development of $0.1 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, was primarily driven by increased spending on commercial program development at pratt & whitney and higher program expenses at collins, partially offset by decreased spend on other development programs. company-funded research and development in 2022 was relatively consistent with 2021.
the increase in customer-funded research and development of $0.1 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, was primarily driven by higher expenses on various commercial and military programs at collins and increased spending at pratt & whitney on military programs, partially offset by lower expenses on various programs at raytheon. the decrease in customer-funded research and
table of contents development of $0.1 billion in 2022 compared to 2021, was primarily driven by lower expenses on various programs at raytheon, partially offset by an increase in expenses on a missile defense technology program at raytheon.
selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $0.2 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily driven by a $0.1 billion charge at pratt & whitney related to a customer insolvency in the second quarter of 2023, costs related to our segment realignment and recently announced divestitures in 2023, and increased employee-related costs, partially offset by the absence of $0.1 billion of charges recorded in the first quarter of 2022 related to increased estimates for credit losses due to global sanctions on and export controls with respect to russia. see "note 1: basis of presentation and summary of accounting principles" within item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information on russia sanctions.
selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $0.5 billion in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by higher information technology-related costs at corporate, collins, and pratt & whitney, and higher combined expenses at collins and pratt & whitney, principally driven by higher employee-related costs and $0.1 billion of charges related to increased estimates for credit losses due to global sanctions on and export controls with respect to russia.
we are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. therefore, the amounts reflected above include the beneficial impact of previous restructuring actions on selling, general, and administrative expenses.
other income, net includes equity earnings in unconsolidated entities, royalty income, foreign exchange gains and losses, and other ongoing and non-recurring items.
the decrease in other income, net of $34 million in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to the net unfavorable year-over-year impact of foreign exchange gains and losses of $79 million, which was more than offset by the absence of $111 million of charges associated with the disposition of three businesses in 2022, and a $68 million gain on sale of land during the first quarter of 2023. the remaining decrease was spread across individually less significant items.
the decrease in other income, net of $303 million in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the absence of a $269 million gain on sale of raytheon's global training and services business recorded in 2021, $111 million of charges associated with the disposition of three businesses in 2022 including two non-core businesses at collins and a non-core naval power business at raytheon, and the absence of foreign government wage subsidies related to coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) at pratt & whitney of $41 million in 2021. the above items were partially offset by an accrual of $147 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to the ongoing department of justice (doj) investigation into contract pricing matters at raytheon. see "note 2: acquisitions and dispositions" within item 8 of this form 10-k for further discussion on business dispositions.
operating profit
operating profit                    $3,561                  $5,504                  $5,136
operating profit margin           5.2    %                8.2    %                8.0    %
the decrease in operating profit of $1.9 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily driven by a decrease at pratt & whitney primarily driven by the $2.9 billion charge associated with the powder metal matter and a decrease in the change in our fas/cas operating adjustment, partially offset by an increase in operating profit at collins and raytheon, all of which are described below in "segment review."
the increase in operating profit of $0.4 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by a decrease in acquisition accounting adjustments, the operating performance at our operating segments, and a decrease in corporate and eliminations and other, partially offset by the change in our fas/cas operating adjustment, all of which are described below in "segment review."
the change in non-service pension income of $0.1 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily driven by an increase in interest rates during 2022 and prior years' pension asset returns performing below our expected return on plan assets (eroa) assumption, partially offset by an increase in our 2023 eroa assumption.
the change in non-service pension income of $0.1 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by the impact of an increase in interest rates, partially offset by prior years' pension asset returns exceeding our eroa assumption.
(1)    primarily consists of the gains or losses on assets associated with certain of our nonqualified deferred compensation and employee benefit plans, as well as the gains or losses on liabilities associated with certain of our nonqualified deferred compensation plans and non-operating dividend income.
interest expense, net increased $0.2 billion in 2023 compared to 2022. the increase in interest expense of $0.4 billion was primarily due to the long-term debt issuances in the first and the fourth quarters of 2023, interest and fees on short term loans related to an accelerated share repurchase (asr), and the increase in commercial paper activity in 2023. for additional discussion of the asr and associated funding, see "liquidity and financial condition" below. the change in other non-operating expense (income) of $0.1 billion was primarily driven by a change in the mark-to-market fair value of marketable securities held in trusts associated with certain of our nonqualified deferred compensation and employee benefit plans and an increase in dividend income.
interest expense, net in 2022 was relatively consistent with 2021.
the lower 2023 effective tax rate compared to 2022 is primarily driven by a favorable impact related to the $2.9 billion charge associated with the powder metal matter driving lower pretax income in 2023 resulting in an approximate 4% benefit to the rate in 2023, and the absence of a 3.4% reduction in the 2022 effective tax rate associated with the $207 million of tax benefits recorded in 2022 related to legal entity and operational reorganizations.
the lower 2022 effective tax rate compared to 2021 is primarily driven by the absence of a net $108 million charge, a 2.2% tax rate increase in 2021, associated with the disposition of the forcepoint business and the global training and services business, and the absence of a $73 million charge, a 1.5% tax rate increase in 2021, for the revaluation of deferred taxes resulting from the increase in the u.k. corporate tax rate to 25% enacted in 2021. additionally, the benefits associated with legal entity and operational reorganizations were lower in 2022 at $207 million, a 3.4% tax benefit in 2022, and $244 million, a 4.8% tax benefit, in 2021. the 2021 effective tax rate also includes higher net state income taxes as compared to 2022.
for additional discussion of income taxes and the effective income tax rate, see "income taxes" within critical accounting estimates below, and "note 12: income taxes" within item 8 of this form 10-k.
net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareowners for 2023 includes the following:
charge associated with the powder metal matter of $2.2 billion, net of tax and partner share, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $1.55;
acquisition accounting adjustments of $1.6 billion, net of tax, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $1.09;
restructuring charges of $193 million, net of tax, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.13; and
charges on our contract assets and customer financing assets related to a customer insolvency of $114 million, net of tax and noncontrolling interest, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.08.
net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareowners for 2022 includes the following:
acquisition accounting adjustments of $1.5 billion, net of tax, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.99;
impairment charges and reserve adjustments related to the global sanctions on and export controls with respect to russia of $210 million, net of tax, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.14;
combined charges associated with disposition of businesses at collins and raytheon of $102 million, net of tax, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.07; and
restructuring charges of $91 million, net of tax, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.06.
net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareowners for 2021 includes the following:
acquisition accounting adjustments primarily related to the raytheon merger of $1.7 billion, net of tax, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $1.13;
net debt extinguishment costs of $524 million, net of tax, in connection with the early repayment of outstanding principal, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.35;
tax benefits of $244 million associated with legal entity and operational reorganizations implemented in the third quarter 2021, which had a favorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.16;
tax expense of $148 million related to the sale of our forcepoint business in the first quarter of 2021, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.10, and the subsequent revaluation of that tax benefit of $104 million in the fourth quarter of 2021, due to the completion of the divestiture of raytheon's global training and services business for a gain, which had a favorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.07;
accrual of $147 million related to the ongoing doj investigation into contract pricing matters at raytheon, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.10;
restructuring charges of $121 million, net of tax, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.08; and
gain on the sale of our global training and services business within our raytheon segment of $126 million, net of tax, which had a favorable impact on diluted eps from continuing operations of $0.08.
the changes in net income attributable to common shareowners and diluted eps from operations for 2023 compared to 2022 and for 2022 compared to 2021 were driven by the changes in continuing operations, as discussed above in net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareowners.
table of contents segment review as previously announced, effective july 1, 2023, we streamlined the structure of our core businesses to three principal business segments: collins aerospace (collins), pratt & whitney, and raytheon. all segment information is reflective of this new structure and prior period information has been recast to conform to our current period presentation.
for a detailed description of our businesses, see "business segments" within item 1 of this form 10-k.
segments are generally based on the management structure of the businesses and the grouping of similar operations, based on capabilities and technologies, where each management organization has general operating autonomy over diversified products and services. segment total net sales and operating profit (loss) include intercompany sales and profit, which are ultimately eliminated within eliminations and other, which also includes certain smaller non-reportable segments. segment results exclude certain acquisition accounting adjustments, the fas/cas operating adjustment, and certain corporate expenses, as further discussed below.
we present a fas/cas operating adjustment outside of segment results, which represents the difference between the service cost component of our pension and postretirement benefit (prb) expense under the financial accounting standards (fas) requirements of u.s. gaap and our pension and prb expense under u.s. government cost accounting standards (cas) primarily related to our raytheon segment. while the ultimate liability for pension and prb costs under fas and cas is similar, the pattern of cost recognition is different. over time, we generally expect to recover the related raytheon pension and prb liabilities through the pricing of our products and services to the u.s. government. collins and pratt & whitney generally record pension and prb expense on a fas basis. in connection with the segment realignment, prior period results were recast in order to maintain the segment cost recognition patterns described above.
we provide the organic change in net sales and operating profit (loss) for our segments as discussed above in "results of operations." we believe that these non-gaap measures are useful to investors because they provide transparency to the underlying performance of our business, which allows for better year-over-year comparability. for pratt & whitney only, other also includes the transactional impact of foreign exchange hedging at pratt & whitney canada due to its significance to pratt & whitney's overall operating results.
given the nature of our business, we believe that total net sales and operating profit (loss) (and the related operating profit (loss) margin percentage), which we disclose and discuss at the segment level, are most relevant to an understanding of management's view of our segment performance, as described below.
pratt &amp; whitney (1)          18,296                   20,530                  18,150
operating profit (loss). operating profit (loss) by segment was as follows:
pratt &amp; whitney (1)                                    (1,455)                    1,075                     454
corporate expenses and other unallocated items (2)           (275)                    (318)                   (552)
acquisition accounting adjustments                         (1,998)                  (1,893)                 (2,203)
(1)    2023 includes the impacts from the powder metal matter.
table of contents included in segment operating profit (loss) are estimate at completion (eac) adjustments, which relate to changes in operating profit and margin due to revisions to total estimated revenues and costs at completion. these changes may reflect improved or deteriorated operating performance, as well as changes in facts and assumptions related to contract options, contract modifications, incentive and award fees associated with program performance, customer activity levels, and other customer-directed changes. for a full description of our eac process, refer to "note 1: basis of presentation and summary of accounting principles" within item 8 of this form 10-k. given that we have thousands of individual contracts, and given the types and complexity of the assumptions and estimates we must make on an on-going basis and the nature of the work required to be performed under our contracts, we have both favorable and unfavorable eac adjustments in the ordinary course.
we had the following aggregate eac adjustments for the periods presented:
the change in net eac adjustments of $611 million in 2023 compared 2022 was primarily due to unfavorable changes in net eac adjustments at pratt & whitney and to a lesser extent at collins and raytheon. included in the change at pratt & whitney was the unfavorable impact of $133 million recorded in the third quarter of 2023 as a result of increased cost to our aftermarket contracts resulting from the powder metal matter and an unfavorable impact of approximately $60 million recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023 as a result of increased cost on a military program. the change in net eac adjustments at pratt & whitney also includes the absence of a $50 million favorable contract adjustment resulting from a contract modification on a commercial aftermarket program in the second quarter of 2022. the change at collins was spread across numerous individual programs, with no individual or common significant driver. the change at raytheon was primarily due to unfavorable changes in net eac adjustments related to certain fixed price development contracts and $51 million of unfavorable eac adjustments related to significant contract options exercised in 2023.
the change in net eac adjustments of $147 million in 2022 compared 2021 was primarily due to unfavorable changes in net eac adjustments at raytheon, including the impact of acquisitions and dispositions, spread across numerous individual programs, with no individual or common significant driver, and includes the impact of continued supply chain and labor market constraints. this unfavorable change was partially offset by a favorable change in net eac adjustments at collins, spread across numerous individual programs with no individual or common significant driver, and a favorable change in net eac adjustments at pratt & whitney primarily due to a $50 million favorable contract adjustment resulting from a contract modification on a commercial aftermarket program in the second quarter of 2022.
significant eac adjustments, when they occur, are discussed in each business segment's discussion below.
pratt &amp; whitney               114                    100
included in total backlog is defense backlog of $78 billion and $69 billion as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. our defense operations consist primarily of our raytheon business and operations in the defense businesses within our collins and pratt & whitney segments. defense bookings were approximately $51 billion, $47 billion, and $40 billion for 2023, 2022, and 2021 respectively.
backlog, which is equivalent to our rpo for our sales contracts, represents the aggregate dollar value of firm orders for which products have not been provided or service has not been performed and excludes unexercised contract options and potential orders under ordering-type contracts (e.g., idiq type contracts). backlog generally increases with bookings and/or orders and
table of contents generally decreases as sales are recognized on these bookings and is affected by changes in foreign exchange rates, as well as contract cancellations and terminations, and cost underruns on cost-type contracts as discussed further below.
we believe defense bookings are an important measure of future performance for our defense operations and are an indicator of potential future changes in these operations' total net sales, because we cannot recognize revenues under a new contract without first having a booking in the current or a preceding period. defense bookings generally represent the dollar value of new external defense contracts awarded to us during the reporting period and include firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated.
defense bookings exclude unexercised contract options and potential orders under ordering-type contracts (e.g., idiq type contracts). we reflect contract cancellations and terminations, as well as the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, directly as an adjustment to backlog in the period in which the cancellation or termination occurs and the impact is determinable. contract cancellations and terminations also include contract underruns on cost-type programs.
% change
(dollars in millions)                              2023                     2022                     2021                2023 compared with 2022                2022 compared with 2021
operating profit                              3,825                    2,816                    2,380                               36         %                           18         %
operating profit margins                       14.6   %                 12.2   %                 11.3   %
2023 compared with 2022
factors contributing to total change
(dollars in millions)         organic(1)                    acquisitions /                      restructuring                    other             total change divestitures, net                   costs net sales                     $3,173                        $(48)                               $-                               $76              $3,201
operating profit              889                           (2)                                 (50)                 172                           1,009
(1)    see "segment review" above for definition of organic. a reconciliation of these measures to reported u.s. gaap amounts is provided in the table above.
2022 compared with 2021
factors contributing to total change
(dollars in millions)         organic(1)                    acquisitions /                      restructuring                    other                          total change divestitures, net                   costs net sales                     $2,136                        $(49)                               $-                               $(187)                        $1,900
operating profit              576                           (12)                    19                                           (147)           436
(1)    see "segment review" above for definition of organic. a reconciliation of these measures to reported u.s. gaap amounts is provided in the table above.
2023 compared with 2022
the organic sales increase of $3.2 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily relates to higher commercial aerospace aftermarket sales of $2.1 billion, including increases across all aftermarket sales channels. these increases were principally driven by the continued recovery of commercial air traffic which has resulted in an increase in flight hours. commercial aerospace oem sales increased $1.1 billion due to increased production rates in narrow-body, wide-body, and business jets. military sales were relatively consistent in 2023 compared to 2022.
the increase in other net sales of $0.1 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to net favorable customer settlements in 2023, including a $112 million favorable customer settlement recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023, partially offset by a $57 million charge related to a customer litigation matter recorded in the third quarter 2023.
the organic operating profit increase of $0.9 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to higher commercial aftermarket volume and favorable mix, partially offset by lower commercial aerospace oem as drop through on volume was more than offset by higher production costs. this increase in commercial aerospace operating profit was partially offset by $0.2 billion of higher selling, general and administrative expenses and research and developments costs primarily due to increased employee-related costs. military operating profit decreased $0.1 billion primarily due to unfavorable mix and higher production costs.
the increase in other operating profit of $0.2 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to the absence of $141 million of pretax charges related to global sanctions and export controls with respect to russia recorded in 2022, the absence of $69 million of charges associated with the disposition of two non-core businesses in 2022, and the net favorable customer
table of contents settlements discussed above. the above items were partially offset by $62 million of divestiture costs related to the pending sale of our actuation and flight control business. see "note 2: acquisitions and dispositions" within item 8 of this form 10-k for further discussion on business dispositions.
restructuring actions relate to ongoing cost reduction efforts driven by various workforce reductions.
2022 compared with 2021
the organic sales increase of $2.1 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily relates to higher commercial aerospace aftermarket sales of $1.7 billion, including increases across all aftermarket sales channels, and higher commercial aerospace oem sales of $1.0 billion, both principally driven by the recovery of commercial air traffic which has resulted in an increase in flight hours, aircraft fleet utilization, and narrow-body commercial oem volume growth. these increases were partially offset by lower military sales of $0.6 billion in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to lower material receipts and decreased volume.
the organic operating profit increase of $0.6 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to higher commercial aerospace operating profit of $1.2 billion, principally driven by the higher commercial aerospace aftermarket sales discussed above, partially offset by the absence of a favorable $52 million impact from a contract-related matter in 2021. the increase in commercial aerospace operating profit was partially offset by lower military operating profit of $0.4 billion, principally driven by the lower military sales discussed above, and higher selling, general, and administrative expenses of $0.2 billion, which includes the benefits of cost reduction initiatives.
the decrease in net sales and operating profit due to acquisitions / divestitures, net primarily relates to the disposition of two non-core businesses in the second quarter of 2022.
the decrease in other operating profit of $0.1 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily relates to $141 million of pretax charges recorded in the first quarter of 2022 related to increased estimates for credit losses, inventory reserves, recognition of purchase order obligations, and a loss resulting from the exit of our investment in a russia-based joint venture, all due to global sanctions on and export controls with respect to russia. in addition, we recognized $69 million of charges associated with the disposition of two non-core businesses in the second quarter of 2022. see "note 1: basis of presentation and summary of accounting principles" within item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information on russia sanctions.
pratt & whitney
% change
(dollars in millions)                  2023                                     2022                    2021       2023 compared with 2022                2022 compared with 2021
operating profit (loss)                              (1,455)                   1,075                     454               (235)         %                          137         %
operating profit (loss) margins                   (8.0)    %                5.2    %                2.5    %
2023 compared with 2022
factors contributing to total change
(dollars in millions)         organic(1)                    acquisitions /                      restructuring                    other             total change divestitures, net                   costs net sales                     $3,133                        $-                                  $-                               $(5,367)          $(2,234)
operating profit (loss)       410                           -                                   (54)                             (2,886)           (2,530)
(1)    see "segment review" above for definition of organic. a reconciliation of these measures to reported u.s. gaap amounts is provided in the table above.
2022 compared with 2021
factors contributing to total change
(dollars in millions)         organic(1)                    acquisitions /                      restructuring                    other                        total change divestitures, net                   costs net sales                     $2,478                        $-                                  $-                               $(98)                       $2,380
operating profit (loss)       773                           -                                   (13)                             (139)         621
(1)    see "segment review" above for definition of organic. a reconciliation of these measures to reported u.s. gaap amounts is provided in the table above.
2023 compared with 2022
the organic sales increase of $3.1 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily reflects higher commercial aftermarket sales of $1.9 billion, primarily due to an increase in volume, content, and favorable mix as the commercial aerospace environment continues to recover. the increase also includes higher commercial oem sales of $0.9 billion, primarily driven by higher volume and favorable mix. military sales increased $0.3 billion, primarily due to higher f135 sustainment volume.
the organic operating profit increase of $0.4 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily driven by higher commercial aerospace operating profit of $0.6 billion, principally due to the aftermarket sales increase discussed above, partially offset by lower commercial oem operating profit as the oem volume increase combined with higher production costs more than offset the benefit from favorable mix. commercial aerospace operating profit in 2023 also benefited from two favorable contract matters totaling approximately $120 million, which was partially offset by the absence of a prior year $50 million favorable contract adjustment resulting from a contract modification on a commercial aftermarket contract. military operating profit was relatively consistent compared to 2022. the increase from the military sales volume was more than offset by higher production costs and an unfavorable eac adjustment of approximately $60 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. higher research and development expenses were partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses.
the change in other operating profit (loss) of $2.9 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to the charge recognized in the third quarter of 2023 related to the powder metal matter of $2.9 billion and a $181 million charge related to a customer insolvency during the second quarter of 2023, partially offset by the absence of $155 million of pretax charges recorded in the first quarter of 2022 related to global sanctions on and export controls with respect to russia. see "note 1: basis of presentation and summary of accounting principles" within item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information on russia sanctions.
restructuring actions relate to ongoing cost reduction efforts including the consolidation of facilities and workforce reductions.
2022 compared with 2021
the organic sales increase of $2.5 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflects higher commercial aftermarket sales of $1.8 billion primarily due to an increase in shop visits and related spare part sales as the commercial aerospace environment continues to recover. the increase also includes higher commercial oem sales of $0.9 billion driven by favorable mix and higher volume on commercial engine shipments. these increases were partially offset by lower military sales of $0.2 billion primarily due to lower sales on f135 production volume and lower volume on legacy aftermarket programs, partially offset by higher f135 sustainment volume.
the organic operating profit increase of $0.8 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by higher commercial aerospace operating profit of $1.1 billion principally due to the aftermarket sales volume increase and favorable oem mix. the organic profit increase also includes slightly higher military operating profit primarily driven by favorable mix. these increases were partially offset by a combined increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses and research and development costs of $0.3 billion. the year over year increase in commercial aerospace operating profit includes a $50 million favorable contract adjustment on a commercial aftermarket program in the second quarter of 2022. in 2021, organic profit included approximately $50 million related to foreign government wage subsidies due to covid-19.
the decrease in other operating profit of $0.1 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to $155 million of pretax charges recorded in the first quarter of 2022 related to impairment of customer financing assets for products under lease, increased estimates for credit losses, inventory reserves, and recognition of purchase order obligations, all due to global sanctions on and export controls with respect to russia. see "note 1: basis of presentation and summary of accounting principles" within item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information on russia sanctions.
defense bookings - in addition to a number of smaller bookings, in 2023 pratt & whitney booked $2.5 billion for f135 production, $2.2 billion for f135 sustainment, $1.7 billion for f117 sustainment, $751 million for f119 sustainment, $355
table of contents million for f100 sustainment, $232 million for the prototype phase of the next generation adaptive propulsion (ngap) program, and $217 million for tanker production lots 8 and 9.
% change
(dollars in millions)                             2023                     2022                     2021                2023 compared with 2022                2022 compared with 2021
operating profit                                 2,379                2,448                    3,399                              (3)         %                         (28)         %
operating profit margins                      9.0    %                  9.7   %                 12.8   %
2023 compared with 2022
factors contributing to total change
(dollars in millions)         organic(1)                                            acquisitions /                      restructuring                 other               total change divestitures, net                   costs net sales                     $1,292                                                $(95)                               $-                            $(23)              $1,174
operating profit              (58)                                                  -                                   (34)                 23                            (69)
(1)    see "segment review" above for definition of organic. a reconciliation of these measures to reported u.s. gaap amounts is provided in the table above.
2022 compared with 2021
factors contributing to total change
(dollars in millions)         organic(1)                                            acquisitions /                      restructuring        other           total change divestitures, net                   costs net sales                     $(703)                                                $(627)                              $-                   $(105)          $(1,435)
operating profit              (508)                                                 (118)                               (8)                  (317)           (951)
(1)    see "segment review" above for definition of organic. a reconciliation of these measures to reported u.s. gaap amounts is provided in the table above.
2023 compared with 2022
the organic sales increase of $1.3 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to higher net sales of $0.5 billion from advanced technology programs, $0.3 billion from naval power programs, $0.3 billion from air power programs, and $0.2 billion from cybersecurity, intelligence and services programs. the increase in advanced technology programs includes higher net sales on an advanced development program awarded in the third quarter of 2022, and higher net sales on certain classified programs awarded in 2022. the increase in naval power programs was due to higher volumes on naval strike missile (nsm) and aim-9x programs. the increase in air power programs includes higher net sales on the stormbreaker program, driven by awards in the first and fourth quarters of 2023 and higher net sales on the advanced medium range air-to-air missile (amraam) program, driven by an award in the second quarter of 2023. the increase in cybersecurity, intelligence and services programs was driven by certain classified programs as well as federal and civil programs.
the organic operating profit decrease of $0.1 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to an unfavorable change in mix and other performance of $0.1 billion, and an unfavorable net change in eac adjustments of $0.1 billion, partially offset by higher volume of $0.2 billion. the unfavorable change in mix and other performance was primarily driven by an expected decline in certain higher margin international programs and higher volume on various lower margin programs including early production phase programs. the net change in eac adjustments was primarily due to unfavorable changes in net eac adjustments related to certain fixed price development contracts and $51 million of unfavorable eac adjustments related to significant contract options exercised in 2023. the increase in volume was principally driven by the higher net sales discussed above.
the increase in other operating profit in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily driven by the absence of a $42 million charge in 2022 associated with a divestiture of a small non-core naval power business, with the remaining change spread across multiple items.
the decrease in net sales due to acquisitions / divestitures, net in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily relates to the divestiture of a small non-core naval power business in the fourth quarter of 2022.
restructuring actions relate to ongoing cost reduction efforts including workforce reductions.
2022 compared with 2021
table of contents the organic sales decrease of $0.7 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to lower net sales of $0.6 billion from our land warfare and air defense programs and lower net sales of $0.2 billion from our air power programs, partially offset by higher net sales of $0.3 billion from our strategic missile defense programs. the decrease in land warfare and air defense programs was primarily due to lower sales on certain international air and missile defense programs primarily driven by lower material receipts as a result of supply chain constraints and anticipated decreases in production. the decrease in air power programs included lower net sales on paveway programs and amraam programs. the increase in strategic missile defense programs included higher net sales from the next generation interceptor (ngi) program.
the organic operating profit decrease of $0.5 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to an unfavorable change in mix and other performance of $0.3 billion, due to unfavorable program mix, and an unfavorable net change in eac adjustments of $0.3 billion. the net unfavorable change in eac adjustments was driven by numerous programs and included the impact of continued supply chain and labor market constraints.
the decrease in other operating profit in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by a $239 million gain, net of transaction costs, in 2021 on the sale of the global training and services business, as further discussed in "note 2: acquisitions and dispositions" within item 8 of this form 10-k, and a $42 million charge in 2022 associated with a divestiture of a small non-core naval power business.
the decrease in net sales and operating profit due to acquisitions / divestitures, net in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily relates to the sale of the global training and services business in the fourth quarter of 2021.
backlog and bookings- backlog was $52 billion at december 31, 2023 compared to $47 billion at december 31, 2022. in addition to a number of smaller bookings, in 2023, raytheon booked $7.8 billion on a number of classified contracts, $2.8 billion to provide guidance enhanced missiles (gem-t) for nato support and procurement agency (nspa), $1.2 billion for amraam for the u.s. air force and navy and international customers, $1.2 billion to provide patriot air defense systems to switzerland, $663 million on stormbreaker for the u.s. air force and navy, $650 million on next generation jammer mid-band (ngj-mb) for the u.s. navy and the government of australia, $619 million on the spy-6 hardware production and sustainment contract for the u.s. navy, $489 million on excalibur for the u.s. army and international customers, $412 million on next generation short range interceptor (ngsri) for the u.s. army, $408 million for hypersonic attack cruise missile (hacm) for the u.s. air force, $383 million to provide training and technical support for hawk and patriot air defense systems for an international customer, $368 million for tube-launched, optically-tracked, wireless-guided (tow) missiles for the u.s. army, u.s. marine corps, and international customers, $332 million on cyber defense services contracts for certain federal and civil customers, $321 million for silent knight radars to u.s. special operations command (ussocom), $297 million to provide national advanced surface-to-air missile system (nasams) to ukraine, $266 million to deliver airborne radars to an international customer, $265 million for javelin for the u.s. army and international customers, $251 million for aim-9x sidewinder short-range air-to-air missiles for the u.s. navy and air force and international customers, $237 million for cleavar, an integrated u.s. army counter- unmanned aircraft systems (c-uas) defense system, $234 million on nsm for the u.s. navy, and $206 million for the air and missile defense radar (amdr) program for the u.s. navy.
corporate and eliminations and other eliminations and other reflects the elimination of sales, other income, and operating profit transacted between segments, as well as the operating results of certain smaller operations.
corporate expenses and other unallocated items consists of costs not considered part of management's evaluation of reportable segment operating performance, including certain unallowable costs and reserves. in addition, in 2022 and 2021, net costs associated with corporate research and development related to the ltamds program were included in corporate expenses and other unallocated items. beginning in 2023, the remaining net costs associated with the ltamds program are within the raytheon segment.
net sales                                                                      operating profit
corporate expenses and other unallocated items        -                          -                         -                         (275)                     (318)                       (552)
the increase in eliminations and other net sales of $295 million in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to an increase in intersegment eliminations, principally driven by collins. eliminations and other operating profit in 2023 was relatively consistent with 2022.
table of contents the increase in eliminations and other net sales of $159 million in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to an increase in intersegment eliminations, principally driven by collins. eliminations and other operating profit in 2022 was relatively consistent with 2021.
the change in corporate expenses and other unallocated items of $43 million in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in expenses related to the ltamds program, which are included in the raytheon segment beginning in 2023, partially offset by an increase in costs related to the segment realignment, with the remaining change spread across multiple items.
the change in corporate expenses and other unallocated items of $234 million in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by an accrual of $147 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to the ongoing doj investigation into contract pricing matters at raytheon, a decrease in expenses related to the ltamds program and lower restructuring costs, partially offset by an increase in information technology-related costs.
fas/cas operating adjustment the segment results of raytheon include pension and prb expense as determined under u.s. government cas, which we generally recover through the pricing of our products and services to the u.s. government. the difference between our cas expense and the fas service cost attributable to these segments under u.s. gaap is the fas/cas operating adjustment. the fas/cas operating adjustment results in consolidated pension expense in operating profit equal to the service cost component of fas expense under u.s. gaap. the segment results of collins and pratt & whitney generally include fas service cost. in connection with the segment realignment, prior period results were recast in order to maintain the segment cost recognition patterns described above.
the cas expense calculation is different from the fas requirements and calculation methodology. while the ultimate liability for pension costs under fas and cas is similar, the pattern of cost recognition is different. our cas pension expense is comprised primarily of cas service cost and amortization amounts resulting from demographic or economic experience different than expected, changes in assumptions, or changes in plan provisions. unlike fas, cas expense is only recognized for plans that are not fully funded on a cas basis. consequently, if plans become or cease to be fully funded under cas due to our asset or liability experience, our cas expense will change accordingly.
the change in our fas/cas operating adjustment of $272 million in 2023 compared to 2022 was driven by a $463 million decrease in cas expense, partially offset by a $191 million decrease in fas service cost. the decrease in cas expense was primarily due to changes to the raytheon company domestic pension plans announced in december 2020 that were effective december 31, 2022, and the recognition of historical cas gain/loss experience. similarly, the decrease in fas service cost was primarily due to changes to the raytheon company domestic pension plans announced in december 2020 that were effective december 31, 2022. refer to "note 10: employee benefit plans" within item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information on the raytheon company domestic pension plan change.
the change in our fas/cas operating adjustment of $255 million in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven by a $292 million decrease in cas expense, partially offset by a $37 million decrease in fas service cost. the decrease in cas expense was primarily due to an increase in applicable discount rates as a result of u.s. qualified pension plan funding relief included in the american rescue plan act of 2021 (arpa).
acquisition accounting adjustments acquisition accounting adjustments include the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to acquisitions, the amortization of the property, plant, and equipment fair value adjustment acquired through acquisitions, the amortization of customer contractual obligations related to loss making or below market contracts acquired, and goodwill impairment, if applicable. these adjustments are not considered part of management's evaluation of segment results.
table of contents the components of acquisition accounting adjustments were as follows:
amortization of property, plant, and equipment fair value adjustment                                                     (60)                       (89)                     (111)
amortization of customer contractual obligations related to acquired loss-making and below-market contracts                83                        108                       312
acquisition accounting adjustments                                                                                   $(1,998)                   $(1,893)                  $(2,203)
acquisition accounting adjustments related to acquisitions in each segment were as follows:
pratt &amp; whitney                             (287)                      (243)                     (160)
acquisition accounting adjustments           $(1,998)                   $(1,893)                  $(2,203)
acquisition accounting adjustments in 2023 were relatively consistent with 2022.
the change in the acquisition accounting adjustments of $0.3 billion in 2022 compared to 2021, is primarily driven by a decrease in raytheon intangibles amortization related to the raytheon merger, partially offset by $116 million of amortization of customer contractual obligations due to the accelerated liquidation of below-market contract reserves at collins in 2021 driven by the termination of two customer contracts.
liquidity and financial condition
total equity                                                   61,410                   74,178
total capitalization (total debt plus total equity)           105,237                  106,092
total debt to total capitalization                                 42   %                   30   %
we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities and the timing of such activities. our principal source of liquidity is cash flows from operating activities. in addition to operating cash flows, other significant factors that affect our overall management of liquidity include: capital expenditures, customer financing requirements, investments in and divestitures of businesses, dividends, common stock repurchases, pension funding, access to the commercial paper markets, adequacy of available bank lines of credit, redemptions of debt, and the ability to attract long-term capital at satisfactory terms.
at december 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of $6.6 billion, of which approximately 32% was held by rtx's foreign subsidiaries. we manage our worldwide cash requirements by reviewing available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. the company intends to repatriate certain undistributed earnings of its international subsidiaries that have been previously taxed in the u.s. taxes associated with the future remittance of these earnings have been recorded. for the remainder of the company's undistributed international earnings, unless tax effective to repatriate, rtx will continue to permanently reinvest these earnings.
our ability to access global debt markets and the related cost of these borrowings depends on the strength of our credit rating and market conditions. as previously disclosed, in august 2023, s&p global downgraded our credit rating from a-/negative to bbb+/stable, and our credit rating with moody's investors service remained at baa1/stable. subsequently, in october 2023, both s&p global and moody's investors service outlook changed from stable to negative when we entered into the asr transactions. though the company expects to continue having adequate access to funds, further declines in our credit ratings or company outlook could result in higher borrowing costs.
table of contents as of december 31, 2023, we had a revolving credit agreement with various banks permitting aggregate borrowings of up to $5.0 billion. this agreement was renewed in august 2023 and expires in august 2028. as of december 31, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding under this agreement. the company's $2.0 billion revolving credit agreement scheduled to expire in september 2023, was terminated in august 2023, and there were no outstanding borrowings at the time of termination. in addition, at december 31, 2023, approximately $0.7 billion was available under short-term lines of credit with local banks primarily at our international subsidiaries.
from time to time, we use commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes, including the funding of potential acquisitions, pension contributions, debt refinancing, dividend payments, and repurchases of our common stock. the commercial paper notes have original maturities of not more than 364 days from the date of issuance. as of december 31, 2023, our maximum commercial paper borrowing limit was $5.0 billion as the commercial paper is backed by our $5.0 billion revolving credit agreement. we had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2023.
on october 24, 2023, we entered into a bridge loan with various banks permitting aggregate borrowings of up to $10.0 billion, to fund an asr and pay related fees and expenses. the $10.0 billion bridge loan was paid in full and terminated in the fourth quarter of 2023 upon receipt of proceeds from the $4.0 billion term loan facilities and the $6.0 billion of long-term debt issuances as described below and cash on hand.
(1)    the net proceeds received from these debt issuances and term loans, along with cash on hand, were used to fund the repayment of the bridge loan, which was used to fund the asr.
(2)    the net proceeds from the issuances were used to fund repayment of the 3.650% notes due august 16, 2023 and the 3.700% notes due december 15, 2023, with the remaining proceeds used for general corporate purposes.
we have an existing universal shelf registration statement, which we filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on september 22, 2022, for an indeterminate amount of debt and equity securities for future issuance, subject to our internal limitations on the amount of debt to be issued under this shelf registration statement.
the company offers voluntary supply chain finance (scf) programs with global financial institutions which enables our suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables from the company to the financial institutions at a rate that leverages our credit rating, which might be beneficial to them. our suppliers' participation in the scf programs does not impact or change our terms and conditions with those suppliers, and therefore, we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to participate in the programs. in addition, we do not pay for any of the costs of the programs incurred by those suppliers that choose to participate, and have no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions, as it relates to sales of receivables made by those suppliers. as such, the scf programs do not impact our working capital, cash flows, or overall liquidity.
we believe our cash on hand and future operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future operating cash needs. further, we continue to have access to the commercial paper markets and our existing credit facilities, and our ability to obtain debt or table of contents equity financing, as well as the availability under committed credit lines, provides additional potential sources of liquidity should they be required or appropriate.
cash flow - operating activities
net cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations          $7,883                   $7,168                  $7,142
2023 compared with 2022 operating activities net income from continuing operations in 2023 included a $2.9 billion charge related to the powder metal matter, which had no effect on cash flow in the period. this charge also had the effect of increasing accrued liabilities by $2.8 billion in 2023. excluding the impact of this charge, the $0.7 billion favorable change in cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations in 2023 compared to 2022, is primarily driven by higher net income from continuing operations after adjustments for depreciation and amortization, deferred income tax benefit, stock compensation cost, and net periodic pension and other postretirement income. also contributing to the change in cash flows is a net favorable impact of net contract assets and liabilities due to the timing of collections, a net decrease in tax payments further discussed below, and lower inventory receipts compared to 2022. these favorable changes were partially offset by higher accounts receivable as a result of increased sales volume and timing of collections and a decrease in factoring.
the company enters into various factoring agreements with third-party financial institutions to sell certain of its receivables. factoring activity resulted in a decrease of approximately $0.8 billion in cash provided by operating activities during 2023, compared to an increase of approximately $2.3 billion in cash provided by operating activities during 2022. factoring activity includes amounts factored on certain aerospace receivables at the customers' request for which we may be compensated by the customer.
2022 compared with 2021 operating activities cash flows provided by operating activities in 2022 were relatively consistent with 2021 and benefited from an improvement in working capital, which was more than offset by the net increase in tax payments resulting from a change in tax law discussed below. included in the change in working capital was a favorable impact from accounts receivable driven by higher collections resulting from increased sales volume and a related increase in factoring as discussed below. the change in working capital also included a favorable impact from contract assets in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the timing of billings and collections, and increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities primarily driven by higher inventory receipts, deferred revenue, and advanced payments. this impact was largely offset by an unfavorable impact from inventory principally due to increases to support sales volume growth.
higher sales volume in 2022 supported increased factoring activity that resulted in approximately $2.3 billion of increased cash flows provided by operating activities during 2022, compared to a decrease in cash flows provided by operating activities of approximately $0.2 billion in cash provided by operating activities during 2021.
operating activities we made pension and prb contributions to trusts of $157 million, $94 million, and $59 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. included in the 2023 contribution of $157 million is a discretionary noncash contribution of $50 million made in rtx common stock to our u.s. qualified pension plans.
we make both required and discretionary contributions to our pension plans. required contributions are primarily determined by employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa) funding rules, which require us to fully fund our u.s qualified pension plans over a rolling seven-year period as determined annually based on the pension protection act of 2006 (ppa) calculated funded status at the beginning of each year. the funding requirements are primarily based on the year's expected service cost and amortization of other previously unfunded liabilities, which are dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets, the level of market interest rates and actuarial assumptions.
global pension and prb cash funding requirements are expected to be approximately $0.3 billion in 2024, which includes benefit payments to be paid directly by the company. we can contribute cash or rtx shares to our plans at our discretion, subject to applicable regulations. as of december 31, 2023, the total investment by the u.s. qualified pension plans in rtx shares was less than 1% of total plan assets.
we made net income tax payments of $1.5 billion, $2.4 billion, and $1.1 billion in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. a provision enacted in the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 related to the capitalization of research and experimental expenditures for tax purposes became effective on january 1, 2022. as such, we made incremental income tax payments of $1.6 billion in table of contents
2022. in september and december 2023, the internal revenue service issued interim guidance, retroactive to 2022, clarifying the capitalization requirements for certain types of research and experimental expenditures. the company's analysis indicates the guidance provided in the notices will result in fewer costs being subject to capitalization, and as such, costs previously required to be capitalized are now deductible in the year incurred. these notices resulted in the company making lower income tax payments in 2023 compared to 2022.
included in cash flows from operating activities are payments related to our operating lease obligations. see "note 11: leases" within item 8 of this form 10-k for actual and expected payments on operating lease obligations.
in addition, the majority of our cash flows for purchase obligations are classified as cash flows from operating activities. we expect future payments related to our purchase obligations to be $30.6 billion, of which $20.1 billion is payable in 2024. purchase obligations include current amounts committed for the purchase of goods and services under legally enforceable contracts or purchase orders, and do not represent our entire anticipated purchases in the future. approximately 50% of our purchase obligations described above represent purchase orders for products to be delivered under firm contracts with the u.s. government for which we have full recourse under customary contract termination clauses.
while the timing of cash flows relating to the powder metal matter are subject to a number of variables, we estimate the $2.8 billion of other accrued liabilities, which principally relates to our 51% share of an accrual for expected customer compensation, to be utilized consistent with the timing of execution of the fleet management plan and period of increased aircraft on ground levels. we currently estimate cash outflows related to the powder metal matter of approximately $1.3 billion in 2024.
cash flow - investing activities
net cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations        $(3,039)                   $(2,829)                  $(1,364)
our investing activities primarily include capital expenditures, cash investments in customer financing assets, investments in and dispositions of businesses, payments related to our collaboration intangible assets and contractual rights to provide product on new aircraft platforms, and settlements of derivative contracts not designated as hedging instruments.
2023 compared with 2022 investing activities the $0.2 billion change in cash flows used in investing activities in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily related to an increase in payments for intangible assets and capital expenditures, both of which are described below, partially offset by the timing of our derivative contract settlements.
2022 compared with 2021 investing activities the $1.5 billion change in cash flows used in investing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily relates to the absence of 2021 investments in and dispositions of businesses, as discussed below.
investing activities there were no significant acquisitions in 2023 or 2022. investments in businesses in 2021 of $1.1 billion primarily related to the acquisitions of flightaware at collins and seakr engineering inc. at raytheon. for additional detail, see "note 2: acquisitions and dispositions" within item 8 of this form 10-k.
there were no significant dispositions of businesses in 2023 or 2022. dispositions of businesses in 2021 of $1.9 billion, net of cash transferred, primarily related to the sale of our forcepoint business and the sale of our global training and services business within raytheon. for additional detail, see "note 2: acquisitions and dispositions" within item 8 of this form 10-k.
capital expenditures were $2.4 billion, $2.3 billion, and $2.1 billion in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. capital expenditures increased $127 million in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to investments in production facilities at pratt & whitney and raytheon. capital expenditures increased $154 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to investments in production facilities at pratt & whitney.
payments on customer financing assets were $117 million, $150 million, and $231 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. the decrease in payments in 2023 compared to 2022 and 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to fewer engines added to our leased asset pool. receipts from customer financing assets were $212 million, $179 million, and $389 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. the decrease in receipts in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by the absence of the 2021 sale and leaseback transaction. refer to "note 11: leases" within item 8 of this form 10-k for additional discussion of this transaction.
table of contents in 2023, 2022, and 2021 we increased other intangible assets by approximately $751 million, $487 million, $308 million, respectively, primarily related to collaboration payment commitments made under our 2012 agreement to acquire rolls-royce's collaboration interests in international aero engines ag (iae) and exclusivity payments made on contractual commitments included within intangible assets. at december 31, 2023, we had commercial aerospace financing and other contractual commitments, including exclusivity and collaboration payment commitments, of approximately $14.6 billion, on a gross basis before reduction for our collaboration partners' share. refer to "note 17: commitments and contingencies" within item 8 of this form 10-k for further details on our commercial aerospace financing and other contractual commitments.
as discussed in "note 13: financial instruments" within item 8 of this form 10-k, we enter into derivative instruments primarily for risk management purposes, including derivatives designated as hedging instruments and those utilized as economic hedges. we operate internationally and in the normal course of business, are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and commodity prices. these fluctuations can increase the costs of financing, investing, and operating the business. we have used derivative instruments, including swaps, forward contracts, and options, to manage certain foreign currency, interest rate, and commodity price exposures. during 2023 we had net cash receipts of $14 million, and during 2022 and 2021 we had net cash payments of $205 million and $16 million, respectively, from the settlement of these derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments.
cash flow - financing activities
net cash flows used in financing activities from continuing operations        $(4,527)                   $(5,859)                  $(6,756)
our financing activities primarily include the issuance and repayment of commercial paper and other short-term and long-term debt, payment of dividends, and stock repurchases.
2023 compared with 2022 financing activities the $1.3 billion change in cash flows used in financing activities in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily driven by long-term debt proceeds of $12.9 billion, partially offset by higher share repurchases of $10.1 billion as discussed below, an increase in repayment of commercial paper borrowings, net of $1.0 billion, and repayments of long-term debt of $0.6 billion.
2022 compared with 2021 financing activities the $0.9 billion change in cash flows used in financing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by the absence of 2021 repayments of long-term debt, including debt extinguishment costs, net of issuances of $0.8 billion and an increase in commercial paper borrowings, net of $0.7 billion, partially offset by an increase in share repurchases of $0.5 billion, as discussed below.
financing activities included in cash flows from financing activities are payments related to our long-term debt, including both interest and principal payments. a summary of our long-term debt commitments as of december 31, 2023 was as follows:
our share repurchases were as follows for the years ended december 31:
table of contents at december 31, 2023, management had remaining authority to repurchase approximately $1.0 billion of our common stock. on october 21, 2023, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to $11 billion of our common stock, replacing the previous program announced on december 12, 2022. under the 2023 program, shares may be purchased on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, under accelerated share repurchase programs, and under plans complying with rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. we may also reacquire shares outside of the program in connection with the surrender of shares to cover taxes on vesting of restricted stock, and as required under our employee savings plan. our ability to repurchase shares is subject to applicable law.
on october 24, 2023, we entered into accelerated share repurchase (asr) agreements with certain financial institution counterparties to repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $10 billion. pursuant to the asr agreements, we made aggregate payments of $10 billion on october 26, 2023, and received initial deliveries of approximately 108.4 million shares of our common stock at a price of $78.38 per share, representing approximately 85% of the shares expected to be repurchased. see "note 18: equity" within item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information.
our board of directors authorized the following cash dividends for the years ended december 31:
on february 2, 2024, the board of directors declared a dividend of $0.59 per share payable march 21, 2024 to shareowners of record at the close of business on february 23, 2024.
critical accounting estimates preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. the most significant areas involving management judgments and estimates are described below. actual results in these areas could differ from management's estimates.
long-term contract accounting. we recognize revenue on an over-time basis for substantially all defense contracts and certain long-term aerospace aftermarket contracts. we measure progress toward completion of these contracts on a percentage of completion basis, generally using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion. contract costs are incurred over a period of time, which can be several years, and the estimation of these costs requires management's judgment. we review our estimates at completion (eacs) at least annually or when a change in circumstances warrants a modification to a previous estimate. for significant contracts, we review our eacs more frequently. due to the nature of the work required to be performed on many of the company's performance obligations, the estimation of total revenue and cost at completion is complex, subject to many inputs, and requires significant judgment by management on a contract-by-contract basis. as part of this process, management reviews information including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion and the related program schedule, identified risks and opportunities, and the related changes in estimates of revenues and costs. the risks and opportunities relate to management's judgment about the ability and cost to achieve the schedule, consideration of customer-directed delays or reductions in scheduled deliveries, technical requirements, customer activity levels, such as flight hours or aircraft landings, and related variable consideration. management must make assumptions and estimates regarding contract revenue and costs, including estimates of labor productivity and availability, the complexity and scope of the work to be performed, the availability and cost of materials including any impact from changing costs or inflation, the length of time to complete the performance obligation, execution by our subcontractors, the availability and timing of funding from our customer, overhead cost rates, and current and past maintenance cost and frequency driven by estimated aircraft and engine utilization and estimated useful lives of components, among others. in particular, fixed-price development programs involve significant management judgment, as development contracts by nature have elements that have not been done before and thus, are highly subject to future unexpected cost changes. cost estimates may also include the estimated cost of satisfying our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes in the form of either offset obligations or in-country industrial participation (icip) agreements, required under certain contracts. these obligations may or may not be distinct depending on their nature. if cash is paid to a customer to satisfy our offset obligations it is recorded as a reduction in the transaction price. changes in estimates of net sales, cost of sales, and the related impact to operating profit on contracts recognized over time are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis, which recognizes the cumulative effect of the profit changes on current and prior periods based on a performance obligation's percentage-of-completion in the current period. a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of one or more of our performance obligations. our eac adjustments also include the establishment of, and changes to, loss provisions for our contracts accounted for on a percentage-of-completion basis.
operating profit (loss)                                                                                                  (648)                    (37)                   110
costs incurred for engineering and development of certain aerospace products under contracts with customers are capitalized as contract fulfillment costs, to the extent recoverable from the associated contract margin and customer funding, and subsequently amortized as the products are delivered to the customer. the estimation of contract costs, and margin, considered as part of this recoverability assessment requires significant judgment. see "note 1: basis of presentation and summary of accounting principles" within item 8 of this form 10-k for further discussion.
income taxes. management believes that our earnings during the periods when the temporary differences become deductible will be sufficient to realize the related future income tax benefits, which may be realized over an extended period of time. for those jurisdictions where the expiration date of tax carryforwards or the projected operating results indicate that realization is not likely, a valuation allowance is provided.
in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider available positive and negative evidence including past operating results, projections of future taxable income, the feasibility of ongoing tax planning strategies and the realizability of tax loss carryforwards. our projections of future taxable income include estimates and assumptions regarding our volume, pricing, and costs, as well as the timing and amount of reversals of taxable temporary differences. valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can be affected by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. in the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or a portion of our deferred tax assets in the future, we would reduce such amounts through an increase to tax expense in the period in which that determination is made or when tax law changes are enacted. conversely, if we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net carrying amounts, we would decrease the recorded valuation allowance through a decrease to tax expense in the period in which that determination is made.
in the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying our income tax positions. significant judgment is required when assessing our income tax positions and in determining our tax expense and benefits. management assesses our tax positions based on an evaluation of the facts, circumstances, applicable tax laws, including regulations, case law, and other interpretive guidance, as well as any other relevant information. adjustments to our tax positions are made as new information becomes available or when our assessments change. in addition, we have entered into certain internal legal entity restructuring transactions necessary to effectuate the separation of carrier global corporation (carrier) and otis worldwide corporation (otis). we have accrued tax on these transactions based on our interpretation of the applicable tax laws and our determination of appropriate entity valuations. see "note 1: basis of presentation and summary of accounting principles" and "note 12: income taxes" within item 8 of this form 10-k for further discussion.
management has determined that the distributions of carrier and otis on april 3, 2020, and certain related internal business separation transactions, qualified as tax-free under applicable law. in making these determinations, we applied the tax law in the relevant jurisdictions to our facts and circumstances and obtained tax rulings from the relevant taxing authorities, tax opinions, and/or other external tax advice related to the concluded tax treatment. if the completed distributions of carrier or otis, in each case, or certain internal business separation transactions, were to fail to qualify for tax-free treatment, the company could be subject to significant liabilities, and there could be material adverse impacts on the company's business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity in future reporting periods.
goodwill and intangible assets. the assets and liabilities of acquired businesses are recorded under the acquisition method of accounting at their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying identifiable net assets of acquired businesses. intangible assets acquired in business combinations consist of patents, trademarks/tradenames, developed technology, customer relationships, and other intangible assets. the fair value for acquired customer relationship intangibles is determined as of the acquisition date based on estimates and judgments regarding expectations for the future after-tax cash flows arising from the follow-on revenue from customer relationships that existed on the acquisition date over their estimated lives, including the probability of expected future contract renewals and revenue, less a contributory assets charge, all of which is discounted to present value. the fair value of the trademark and tradename intangible assets are determined utilizing the relief from royalty method which is a form of the income approach. under this method, a table of contents royalty rate based on observed market royalties is applied to projected revenue supporting the tradename and discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate. see "note 1: basis of presentation and summary of accounting principles" within item 8 of this form 10-k for further details.
also included within intangible assets are exclusivity assets, which are payments made to secure certain contractual rights to provide products on new commercial aerospace platforms. at december 31, 2023, our exclusivity assets, net of accumulated amortization, were approximately $3.1 billion, and our remaining estimated commitments, net of collaborator share, were approximately $5.7 billion. we assess the recoverability of these intangibles, which is dependent upon our assumptions around the future success and profitability of the underlying aircraft platforms, including the associated aftermarket revenue streams, and the related future cash flows.
goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized, but are subject to impairment testing annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired. the impairment test compares carrying values of the reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets to their estimated fair values. if the carrying value exceeds the fair value, then the carrying value is reduced to fair value. in testing our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, we may perform both qualitative and quantitative assessments. for the quantitative assessments that are performed for goodwill, we primarily utilize a combination of discounted cash flows (dcf) and market-based valuation methodologies. for the quantitative assessments of indefinite-lived intangible assets, fair value is primarily based on the relief from royalty method. these quantitative assessments incorporate significant assumptions that include sales growth rates, projected operating profit, terminal growth rates, discount rates, royalty rates, and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry. such assumptions are subject to variability from year to year and are directly impacted by, among other things, global market conditions.
effective july 1, 2023, we implemented a new organizational structure resulting in a change from four principal business segments to three principal business segments. as a result, we reassigned goodwill and customer relationship intangibles to our new segment structure. goodwill was reassigned on a relative fair value basis, and we tested goodwill related to the impacted reporting units immediately before and after the reassignment and determined that no impairment existed.
we completed our annual goodwill impairment testing as of october 1, 2023 and determined that no adjustments to the carrying value of goodwill were necessary. we assessed all of our reporting units using qualitative factors to determine whether it was more likely than not that any individual reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value (step 0) and determined that no further testing was required.
the company continuously monitors and evaluates relevant events and circumstances that could unfavorably impact our significant assumptions used in testing goodwill, including changes to u.s. treasury rates and equity risk premiums, tax rates, recent market valuations from transactions by comparable companies, volatility in the company's market capitalization, and general industry, market, and macro-economic conditions. it is possible that future changes in such circumstances, or in the inputs and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of our reporting units, could require the company to record a non-cash impairment charge.
we also completed our annual indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment testing as of october 1, 2023 and determined that no adjustments to the carrying value of these assets were necessary. as noted above, our indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment analysis involves significant assumptions that are subject to variability. material changes in these assumptions could occur and result in impairments in future periods.
contingent liabilities. as described in "note 17: commitments and contingencies" within item 8 of this form 10-k, contractual, regulatory, and other matters in the normal course of business may arise that subject us to claims or litigation, including with respect to matters relating to technical issues on programs, government contracts, performance and operating cost guarantees, employee benefit plans, legal, and environmental, health and safety matters. in particular, the design, development, production, and support of aerospace technologies is inherently complex and subject to risk. technical issues associated with these technologies may arise in the normal course and may result in financial impacts, including increased warranty provisions, customer contract settlements, and changes in contract performance estimates. these impacts could be material to the company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. additionally, we have significant contracts with the u.s. government, subject to government oversight and audit, which may require significant adjustment of contract prices. we accrue for liabilities associated with these matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. estimating our liability based on both the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes, and the costs associated with these matters, requires significant judgment. the inherent uncertainty related to the outcome of these matters could result in amounts materially different from any provisions made with respect to their resolution.
pratt & whitney has determined that a rare condition in powder metal used to manufacture certain engine parts requires accelerated inspection of the pw1100 gtf fleet, which powers the a320neo. this determination was made pursuant to pratt &
table of contents whitney's safety management system.
on august 4, 2023, pratt & whitney issued a special instruction (si), to operators of pw1100 gtf powered a320neo aircraft, which required accelerated inspections and engine removals covering an initial subset of operational engines, no later than september 15, 2023. during the third quarter of 2023, through its safety management system, pratt & whitney continued its engineering and industrial assessment which resulted in an updated fleet management plan for the remaining pw1100 fleet. this updated plan requires a combination of part inspections and retirements for some high pressure turbine and high pressure compressor parts made from affected raw material. guidance to affected operators was released via service bulletins (sb) and si in november 2023 and this guidance is expected to be reflected in one or more airworthiness directives issued by the federal aviation administration (faa). consistent with previous information, the actions are expected to result in significant incremental shop visits through the end of 2026. as a result, pratt & whitney expects a significant increase in aircraft on ground levels for the pw1100 powered a320neo fleet through 2026.
as a result of anticipated increased aircraft on ground levels and expected compensation to customers for this disruption, as well as incremental maintenance costs resulting from increased inspections and shop visits, pratt & whitney recorded a pre-tax operating profit charge in the third quarter of 2023 of $2.9 billion, reflecting pratt & whitney's net 51% program share of the pw1100 program. this reflects our current best estimate of expected customer compensation for the estimated duration of the disruption as well as the eac adjustment impact of this matter to pratt & whitney's long-term maintenance contracts. the incremental costs to the business's long-term maintenance contracts include the estimated cost of additional inspections, replacement of parts, and other related impacts.
the $2.9 billion charge is reflected in the consolidated statement of operations as a reduction of sales of $5.4 billion which was partially offset by a net reduction of cost of sales of $2.5 billion primarily representing our partners' 49% share of this charge. this resulted in a net increase in other accrued liabilities of $2.8 billion, which principally relates to our 51% share of an accrual for expected customer compensation. while the timing of settlement is subject to a number of variables, we expect the $2.8 billion of other accrued liabilities to be utilized consistent with the timing of execution of the fleet management plan and period of increased aircraft on ground levels referenced above. there was no utilization of the accrual during the fourth quarter of 2023.
other engine models within pratt & whitney's fleet contain parts manufactured with affected powder metal, and while pratt & whitney continues to evaluate the impact of this powder metal issue on other engine models within its fleet, we do not currently believe there will be any significant financial impact with respect to these other engine models. the financial impact of the powder metal issue is based on historical experience and is subject to various assumptions and judgments, most notably, the number and expected timing of shop visits, inspection results and scope of work to be performed, turnaround time, availability of parts, available capacity at overhaul facilities and outcomes of negotiations with impacted customers. while these assumptions reflect our best estimates at this time, they are subject to variability. potential changes to these assumptions and actual incurred costs could significantly affect the estimates inherent in our financial statements and could have a material effect on the company's results of operations for the periods in which they are recognized.
employee benefit plans. we sponsor domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and prb plans. assumptions used to calculate our funded status are determined based on company data and appropriate market indicators. they are evaluated annually at december 31 and when significant events require a mid-year remeasurement. a change in any of these assumptions or actual experience that differs from these assumptions are subject to recognition in pension and postretirement net periodic benefit (income) expense reported in the consolidated financial statements.
assumptions used in the accounting for these employee benefit plans require judgement. major assumptions include the discount rate and eroa. other assumptions include mortality rates, demographic assumptions (such as retirement age), rate of increase in employee compensation levels, and health care cost increase projections.
the weighted-average discount rates used to measure pension and prb liabilities are generally based on yield curves developed using high-quality corporate bonds, which are subject to macroeconomic factors, as well as plan specific expected cash flows. for our significant plans, we utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of the service cost and interest cost table of contents components of net periodic benefit expense by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant discounted projected cash flows.
the following table shows the sensitivity of our pension and prb plan liabilities and net periodic benefit income to a 25 basis point change in the discount rates for benefit obligations, interest cost, and service cost as of december 31, 2023:
(dollars in millions)                                    increase in discount                    decrease in discount rate of 25 bps                                rate of 25 bps projected benefit obligation increase (decrease)         $(1,173)                                     $1,226
net periodic benefit income increase (decrease)          (13)                       12
the discount rate sensitivities assume no change in the shape of the yield curve that will be applied to the projected cash outflows for future benefit payments in order to calculate interest and service cost. a flattening of the yield curve results in a narrowing of the spread between interest and obligation discount rates and would decrease our net periodic benefit income. conversely, a steepening of the yield curve would result in an increase in the spread between interest and obligation discount rates and would increase our net periodic benefit income.
the eroa is the average rate of earnings expected over the long-term on assets invested to fund anticipated future benefit payment obligations. in determining the eroa assumption, we consider the target asset allocation of plan assets, as well as economic and other indicators of future performance. we consult with and consider the opinions of financial and other professionals in determining the appropriate capital market assumptions. return projections are validated using a simulation model that incorporates yield curves, credit spreads, and risk premiums to project long-term prospective returns. differences between actual asset returns in a given year and the eroa do not necessarily indicate a change in the assumption is required, as the eroa represents the expected average returns over a long-term horizon.
net periodic benefit income is also sensitive to changes in the eroa. an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the eroa would have increased or decreased our 2023 net periodic benefit income by approximately $133 million.
refer to "note 10: employee benefit plans" within item 8 of this form 10-k for discussion of current and prior year discount rate and eroa assumptions.
accounting standards for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see the accounting pronouncements section in "note 1: basis of presentation and summary of accounting principles" within item 8 of this form 10-k.
commitments and contingencies refer to "note 17: commitments and contingencies" within item 8 of this form 10-k for discussion on contractual commitments and contingencies.
government matters as described above in "critical accounting estimates-contingent liabilities," our contracts with the u.s. government are subject to audits. such audits may recommend that certain contract prices should be reduced to comply with various government regulations, or that certain payments be delayed or withheld. we are also the subject of one or more investigations and legal proceedings initiated by the u.s. government with respect to government contract matters. see "note 17: commitments and contingencies" within item 8 of this form 10-k for further discussion of these and other government matters.