item 1a.    risk factors in evaluating our business and investment in our securities, investors should carefully consider the following discussion of material factors and events, along with all of the other information in this report and in our other filings with the sec. the events and consequences discussed below could, in circumstances that we may not be able to accurately predict, recognize or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or market price of our common stock.
these risk factors do not identify all of the risks we face. our business is also subject to general risks that affect many other companies. in addition, we operate in a continually changing business, economic and geopolitical environment and as a result, new risk factors, or changes to our risk profile, may emerge from time to time. risks not currently known to us, or that we currently believe are immaterial, may impact our business, operations, financial condition or share price. the global macroeconomic and geopolitical climate amplify many of the risks below. risks in this section are grouped in the following categories: (1) risks related to geopolitical, macroeconomic and industry factors; (2) risks related to our business and operations; (3) risks related to financial and tax; and (4) risks related to legal and regulatory. many risks affect more than one category, and as a result the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence.
risks related to geopolitical, macroeconomic and industry factors industry and economic conditions may adversely affect our markets and our customers' operating conditions, which can in turn affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
with sales in approximately 150 countries, we compete across a wide range of geographies and end markets. economic and industry factors that have had, or could in the future have, a material impacted on our businesses and demand for our products and services include: (i) the overall strength of, and our customers' confidence in, local and global macroeconomic conditions; (ii) inflation and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation, (iii) overall strength of industrial, governmental, public and private sector spending; (iv) overall strength of the industrial, residential and commercial real estate markets; (v) federal, state, local and municipal governmental fiscal, trade and procurement laws, regulations and policies, including as respects domestic content; (vi) the availability of commercial financing for our customers and end-users; and (vii) the degree of funding for our public sector customers, including for water infrastructure investments. macroeconomic impacts, including actual or potential recession, and supply chain dynamics, including supply shortages, logistics challenges, tight labor markets, inflation, and significant government debt and deficit levels, have had, and continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. future economic slowdowns or recession, or other prolonged downturns in the global economy or our markets could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and stock price.
our business may be materially adversely affected by geopolitical, regulatory, economic, foreign exchange and other risks associated with our global sales, supply chain and operations.
in 2023, 54% of our total revenue was from sales to u.s. customers and 46% was from sales to customers outside the u.s. we expect our sales from international operations and export sales to continue to be a significant portion of our revenue. many of our manufacturing operations, employees, suppliers and distribution channels are located outside of the u.s. our operations, supply chain and sales both within the u.s. and internationally are subject, in varying degrees, to risks and uncertainties inherent in doing business globally, including:
•economic nationalism, populism, protectionism, anti-global sentiment and changes in trade protection measures, including embargoes, tariffs and other trade barriers, import and export regulations, licensing requirements, and new and existing domestic content requirements for projects receiving governmental funding;
•instability of and impacts from the evolving global geopolitical environment, including concerning the relationships among the u.s., european union, middle east, russia, china, taiwan, or other foreign countries, and the international community at large;
•threat, outbreak, uncertainty or escalation of terrorism, political instability, insurrection, war or other armed conflict, including between russia and ukraine and the middle east, and the potential for regional escalation;
•changes in tax laws and potential negative consequences from the interpretation, application and enforcement by governmental tax authorities of tax laws and policies, as well as changes in other laws and regulations or how such provisions are interpreted or administered;
•disruptions in global or regional supply chains, our operations, or those of third parties upon which we rely, including due to labor disruptions, supply shortages, and freight and logistics challenges;
•unanticipated regulatory changes or unfavorable circumstances arising from host country laws or regulations, including those related to infrastructure and data transmission, security and privacy;
•theft, compromise or misappropriation of our technology, intellectual property or data;
•shocks to the global financial system, including due to the outbreak or threat of war, armed conflict, other geopolitical conflicts, terrorism or global health crises, the effects of climate change, or other idiosyncratic events;
•foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, restrictions on repatriation of earnings or payment of distributions, dividends, loans or advances to us by foreign subsidiaries;
•global or regional safety and security considerations; and
•increased costs and risks in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing our many global operations as a result of distance, remote work arrangements, language and cultural differences.
in the year ended december 31, 2023, 16% of our total revenues were generated in emerging markets and we have placed a particular emphasis in our strategy on increasing our growth and presence in emerging markets, including china, india, and key markets in africa, middle east and southeast asia. beyond the general risks that we face outside the u.s., our operations in emerging markets are subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including: (i) governments may impose or increase withholding or other taxes on remittances and other payments to us; (ii) governments may seek to nationalize our assets; (iii) governments may impose or increase investment barriers or other restrictions affecting our business; (iv) difficulty in enforcing commercial agreements or collecting receivables; (v) challenges protecting our intellectual property and other assets; (vi) pricing pressure on our products and services; (viii) higher business conduct risks; and (ix) challenges in our ability to attract and retain qualified talent and labor. we cannot predict the impact that such factors might have on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and stock price.
we have significant sales, operations and direct or indirect suppliers located in china, which have been in the past, or could in the future be, adversely affected by: i) china's evolving laws, regulations and policies, including as respects public health crises, import and export tariffs and restrictions, and information security and privacy, and ii) changes in the political and geopolitical environment involving china, including u.s.-china or china-taiwan relations. the u.s.'s imposition of tariffs on goods imported from china or deemed to be of chinese origin, as well as the potential for new tariffs, other governmental actions, trade embargoes or sanctions by the u.s., or countermeasures imposed by china in response, has in the past and could in the future have an adverse direct or indirect impact our global supply chain, manufacturing costs, business and operating results. geopolitical changes in china-taiwan relations could disrupt the operations of several companies in taiwan that are critical to our complex global supply chain for semiconductors ("chips") and other electronic components. such changes could have significant negative effects on the global semiconductor industry and could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our digitally-enabled products, such as pumps, controllers and smart meters.
in the year ended december 31, 2023, 54% of our revenues were from sales to u.s. customers, which included sales of some products for federally funded projects. we expect our u.s. sales in 2024 and beyond to be similar. however, on a case-by-case basis, we may not be able to successfully compete for a federally funded project as some of our products may not comply with the domestic content requirements of the u.s. buy america mandate under the infrastructure investment and jobs act ("iija") or other federally funded projects. we continue to evaluate and implement mitigation measures around sourcing and localization of manufacturing for our most significantly impacted product lines, as well as consider alternative products that may meet both project specifications and domestic content requirements, but there is no guarantee that we will be able in all cases to meet applicable domestic content requirements of a project or across all our product lines. while governmental exemptions and waivers may be issued that negate the application of the buy america mandate for some or all of our potential sales into iija and other federally funded projects, it is uncertain whether and to what extent such exemptions or waivers may be issued. an inability to meet applicable domestic content requirements could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
inflation, tariffs, customs duties and other increases in manufacturing and operating costs have, and could continue to, adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.
our operating costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to volatility or changes in prices for commodities, parts, raw materials, energy and related utilities, freight and logistics, and the cost of labor., price volatility and changes have been and may continue to be driven by a variety of factors, such as inflation, tight labor markets, prevailing price levels, exchange rates, changes in trade agreements, tariffs and other trade protection measures, and other economic factors. throughout 2023 our operating costs were adversely impacted by price inflation, including the cost of certain raw materials, components, energy, commodities, freight and logistics, which could continue in 2024 to varying degrees depending, in part, on broader macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions. for example, we have significant manufacturing operations in europe, which could be adversely impacted by increased energy costs related to an actual or potential escalation in the ongoing russia-ukraine conflict. our global supply chain includes shipping routes through the red sea, where vessels have been and may continue to be impacted by armed conflicts involving rebel groups; and continued conflicts or escalation of conflict in the middle east could adversely impact our logistics costs and could also result in an increase in our costs for energy and supplies, and potentially delay shipments to customers. additionally, the u.s. has enacted various trade actions, including imposing tariffs on certain goods we import from china and other countries, which has resulted in retaliatory tariffs by china and other countries. additional tariffs imposed by the u.s., or further retaliatory trade measures taken by china or other countries, could increase the cost of our products. we may not be able to offset increases in our manufacturing costs through price increases or productivity. further, in a declining price environment, our operating margins may contract because we account for inventory using the first-in, first-out method. actions we take to mitigate volatility in manufacturing and operating costs may not be successful and, as a result, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
risks related to our business and operations failure to compete successfully in our markets, including our ability to develop and commercialize innovative and disruptive technologies, could adversely affect our business.
we offer our technologies, products and services in highly competitive markets. we believe the principal points of competition are product and service performance, quality and reliability, innovation, speed to market with new or disruptive technologies and business models, application expertise, brand reputation, energy efficiency, product security, product life cycle cost, timeliness of delivery, proximity of our service centers to customers, effectiveness of our distribution channels, price and customers' experience in doing business with us. maintaining and improving our competitive position will require successful management of these factors in a business environment with increasingly rapid rates of change and disruption.
our competitive position and future growth depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to successfully: (i) innovate, develop, bring to market and maintain competitive, compelling, secure and efficient technologies, products and services, business models and customer experience, to address emerging regulations and trends and meet customers' needs (including those related to digitization of water, social, environmental and sustainability matters), (ii) defend our market share against an ever-expanding number of competitors, many of which are new and non-traditional from outside our industry, such as large technology firms, or those in the emerging markets, (iii) enhance our product and service offerings by adding innovative features, increased efficiency or disruptive or emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence, that differentiate them from those of our competitors and prevent commoditization, (iv) continue to invest in, cultivate, develop and maintain our distribution network of channel partners, (v) attract, develop and retain individuals with the requisite innovation, digital and technical capabilities, expertise and understanding of customers' needs to develop and commercialize new technologies, products and services, (vi) continue to leverage and expand our external ecosystem of innovation partners with joint venture partners, universities, venture capital, the start-up of community and other technology firms, (vii) continue to invest in our manufacturing, research and development, engineering, sales and marketing, and digitization of customer service and support tools, (viii) win large contracts and execute them on schedule and on budget, (ix) optimize our supply chain and manufacturing to enable predictable and efficient delivery to customers, and (x) compete for business subject to applicable governmental procurement laws, regulations and policies, including new and existing sustainability and domestic content requirements in the u.s. and globally, as they may evolve over time.
we may not be successful in maintaining our competitive position, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. the failure of our technologies, products or services to maintain and gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings, the failure of our products to comply with governmental regulations or policies, or customers' slower-than-expected adoption of and investment in our new and innovative technologies could significantly reduce our revenues or market share and adversely affect our competitive position. pricing pressures could cause us to adjust the prices of certain products, services or projects to stay competitive, or we may not be able to continue to win large contracts, which could adversely affect our market share and competitive position.
cybersecurity incidents and related data breaches or other disruptions to our enterprise information technology and operations, or to our connected products and services, including those of third parties on which we or our customers rely, could materially and adversely affect our business.
our enterprise consists of our businesses, functions, operations, manufacturing and employees. we rely on information technology, including operational technology, and communications networks to run our manufacturing processes and equipment, to enable business processes, and to process, transmit, store and manage our electronic information, including confidential business information and data relating to employees, customers or other business partners. we also rely on key third parties, including: i) direct and indirect suppliers, ii) strategic joint venture partners that provide certain aspects of our digital services and offerings, iii) contract manufacturers, iv) cloud-based service providers, and v) outsourced business process providers, including in the areas of information technology, finance, human resources, procurement and travel. together, we depend on information technology infrastructure and communication networks for access to reliable and secure networks in order to run our and their businesses. regardless of protection measures, all information technology and communications networks are inherently susceptible to damage or disruption due to causes such as: equipment, system or application failure, including as a result of maintenance, obsolescence, unsupportability or age; human error or malfeasance; vandalism; natural disaster; fire; power, communication or other utility outage or failure; and cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware, denial-of-service, malware, phishing, and computer viruses. in addition to damage or disruption, these cybersecurity incidents may lead to security and data breaches.
we provide certain digitally-enabled or internet-connected products, such as pumps, controllers, meters and other equipment, and services, such as water one® and other remote monitoring capabilities, condition assessment, and an interoperability platform via a strategic joint venture partner. these products and services are used by us and our customers for operational purposes or to collect data. our connected products and services are inherently susceptible to damage or disruption from a myriad of causes as described above, including cybersecurity incidents. cybersecurity incidents may impact hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted by our products and services after they have been purchased and incorporated into customers' and other third parties' products, facilities, systems or infrastructure, including critical infrastructure applications. while we attempt to provide our customers with measures to safeguard our products and services from cybersecurity threats, the potential for a cybersecurity incident remains. in addition, certain of our customers continue to use digitally enabled products that we designed, manufactured and sold at a time when current security features were not available.
a cybersecurity incident or other damage or disruption to information technology and communications networks or involving our connected products and services may have adverse effects on us, our customers or third parties on which we rely, including: interference with operations and services, potentially with public health and safety risks involving certain of our customers; disruption of production, supply chain, shipments, billing, collections and customer service; disruption to data analytics; disruption to remote monitoring and control of operational systems; unauthorized access, disclosure, misappropriation, misuse, destruction, compromise or theft of our financial, operational or other proprietary information, including intellectual property and trade secrets, or data pertaining to our employees, customers or suppliers; damage to employee, customer and business partner relationships; recall of our products; legal claims, proceedings or regulatory enforcement actions, and fines or penalties; increased costs to prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity incidents; and damage our brands and reputation. moreover, a delay in or failure to detect a cybersecurity incident or the full extent of an incident could exacerbate the effects of the incident. as such, any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
to mitigate reliability and cybersecurity risks related to our enterprise and connected products and services, we maintain relevant policies, standards, procedures and technologies that are applicable to all xylem employees and contractors, including: patching; passwords; network and data access, including requirements and rights; business continuity and disaster recovery; monitoring for external and insider risks; obsolescence or end-of-life of operating technologies or applications' operating systems; it general computing controls; secure software development. we are also operationalizing our strategy to establish segmentation between our information technology and operational technology. as implementation and compliance is the responsibility of employees across the enterprise, we cannot guarantee adherence in all instances with our policies, standards and procedures, or that our technologies will be sufficient to fully mitigate the aforementioned or evolving risks.
we, and some third parties upon which we rely, have in the past experienced cybersecurity incidents or other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology and connected products and services. as technology evolves, we may continue to experience such events, likely with more frequency and involving a broader range of devices and more sophisticated modes of attack. to date, none have resulted in any material adverse impact to or theft, misuse or loss of information of our business, operations, products and services, or customers.
we have implemented processes, procedures and technologies designed to detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents and mitigate potential risks associated with cybersecurity threats and incidents involving our information technology, products and services. however, because the timing, nature and modes of cybersecurity attacks and incidents change frequently, evolve and are unpredictable, and because unauthorized accesses may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these intrusions or implement adequate protective or remedial measures.
while we maintain insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of business interruption and cybersecurity risks, it may not be sufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims. although we continue to assess the aforementioned risks, implement policies, processes, standards, measures, technologies and redundancies to mitigate these risks and perform business continuity and disaster recovery planning, we cannot be sure that cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions with material adverse effects will not occur, or that our business continuity and disaster recovery efforts will be effective and adequate.
lack of or delay in availability of products, parts, raw materials and energy from our supply chain or the inability of suppliers to meet delivery and other requirements, could adversely affect our business.
our business relies on a large and complex network of suppliers (and their suppliers), including contract manufacturers and subcontractors to perform manufacturing and customer-related services for us, as well as commodity markets and freight and logistics providers to secure and ship finished goods and raw materials, parts, electronic components and other components used in our products. we expect that our reliance on, and the complexity of, the supply chain and contract manufacturers and subcontractors will continue to be significant and, in some cases, increase.
parts and raw materials commonly used in our products include motors, fabricated parts, castings, magnets, bearings, seals, batteries, pcbs and electronic components, including semiconductors, as well as commodities, including steel, brass, nickel, copper, aluminum and plastics. we are exposed to the availability of these items, which throughout 2023 have been and may in the future be subject to delay, curtailment or change due to, among other things, macroeconomic factors including: supply and demand dynamics; labor shortages or disputes; changes in the strategy or production planning of suppliers including decisions to exit production of key components upon which we rely; interruptions in suppliers' production, including as a result of fire or natural disaster; the impaired financial condition of a particular supplier; suppliers' capacity allocations to other purchasers; changes in trade agreements and trade protection measures including tariffs, exchange rates and prevailing price levels; ability to meet regulatory requirements; weather emergencies and the effects of climate change; public health crises; and threatened or actual terrorism, armed conflict or war, including the ongoing conflicts between russia and ukraine, in the middle east, and rebel attacks on commercial vessels in the red sea. any threatened or actual escalation of the aforementioned conflicts and related impacts, such as disruption to or increased cost of energy supply or logistics, could delay or interrupt our supplies from suppliers. we have also experienced, and continue to experience, fluctuating freight and logistics costs, delivery delays related to port congestion and other logistics-related challenges. although we have insurance related to business continuity and supply chain, we cannot be certain that this insurance coverage will continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost or will be adequate to cover any or all aspects of supply chain disruptions.
some of our key components are available only from a sole- or single-source supplier or a limited group of suppliers and so we are subject to supply and pricing risk. in addition, if a sole- or single-source supplier were to cease or interrupt production or otherwise fail to supply a key component to us, it could adversely affect our production, revenues and operating results.
as a result of global market supply and demand dynamics, we have in the past and could in the future experience shortages, capacity constraints and delays in the supply of raw materials, parts, and components, including chips and other electronic components. while supply conditions eased throughout 2023, if disruptions occur in the future (including related to the aforementioned risk of disruption in the global semiconductor industry due to china-taiwan geopolitical issues), or if our efforts to mitigate these shortages and disruptions are insufficient or unsuccessful, we may be delayed or unable to execute on our backlog, fill new customer orders or timely deliver products to our customers and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
a material disruption to any of our facilities or operations, or that of third parties upon which we rely, may adversely affect our business and financial performance.
our facilities, operations and business rely on a complex and highly reactive global supply chain, including suppliers (and their suppliers), some of which are a single- or sole-source, distributors, contract manufacturers, subcontractors, joint venture partners, utilities providers, and freight and logistics providers. in addition, we outsource to vendors certain critical business processes and activities, including in the areas of finance, human resources, procurement, travel and information technology. certain of our businesses require that we or our subcontractors have access to customer sites to provide our products and services. our facilities and operations and certain customers, contract manufacturers, subcontractors or other third parties on which we rely, have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions or delays resulting from an actual or threatened event or circumstance, including due to: a significant equipment, technological or system failure; natural disaster; weather event or effects of climate change; power or energy curtailment or outage; water or communications outage; fire; explosion; critical supply chain failure; terrorism; cybersecurity attack; political disruption; outbreak of a pandemic or other public health crisis; insurrection; armed conflict or war, including the ongoing conflicts involving russia and ukraine, the middle east, and rebel attacks on vessels in the red sea; labor dispute, stoppage or slowdown; technology failure; lack of financial viability or other reason. in addition, our facilities or those of third parties upon which we rely operate in certain circumstances with equipment and manufacturing technology that may be unique and difficult to replace or involve long lead times for replacement. a significant disruption to any of our facilities or operations, or that of customers or third parties on which we rely, could cause material adverse impacts on our operations and business, including an inability to meet customer demand or contractual commitments, increased costs and reduced sales, and could also impact our business processes and activities, including our ability to timely report financial results. any interruption may be lengthy, have lasting effects, require a significant amount of management and other employees' time and focus, and require us to make substantial expenditures to mitigate the situation, which could negatively affect our operations, business processes and activities, profitability, financial condition and reputation. any recovery under our insurance policies may not offset the lost sales, increased costs, or longer term loss of suppliers, sales or customers that we may experience as a result of a disruption. although we continue to assess these risks, implement mitigation plans and perform business continuity and disaster recovery planning, we cannot guarantee that interruptions with material adverse effects on our operational and financial performance will not occur.
we may not realize some or all the expected benefits and synergies from our acquisition of evoqua.
on may 24, 2023, we completed the acquisition of evoqua. the success of this acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from combining our and evoqua's businesses. we have and continue to devote substantial management attention and resources to the integration of the combined company's business practices and operations so that we can fully realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, including cost and revenue synergies. nonetheless, difficulties may arise during the integration process that could result in the failure to achieve the anticipated cost or revenue synergies, including: loss of key talent that may be difficult to replace; disruption of the combined company's ongoing business; inconsistencies in each company's standards, controls, procedures and policies; and our ability to maintain and expand relationships with customers, partners, suppliers or creditors. as a result, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully within the expected timeframe or at all, may take longer to realize, or may cost more than expected, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, as well as adversely impact the stock price of the combined company.
water and wastewater treatment operations, including those related to emerging contaminants, as well as the generation, handling, storage, use, transport, treatment, release or disposal of hazardous materials may result in contamination, environmental, personal or other liabilities or pose other significant risks that could cause us to incur significant costs and reputational harm.
water and wastewater treatment involve various unique risks and require compliance with a variety of laws or regulations, including the clean water act and the safe drinking water act. if our treatment systems fail or do not operate properly, or if there is a spill, untreated or partially treated wastewater could discharge onto property or into nearby bodies of water and groundwater, causing various liabilities, damages and injuries, including environmental. in addition, a number of emerging contaminants might be found in water that we treat, including pfas, pfoa, selenium, micro-plastics, chemicals or pathogens, that may cause illness or death if not eliminated during the treatment process,. liabilities resulting from such events, damages and injuries could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. changes in environmental requirements, laws and regulations, or increased public awareness around the presence and health impacts of human-made chemicals and naturally occurring contaminants in drinking water, could increase or decrease demand for our products and services, increase our cost of operations, result in the obsolescence of our products, or lead to an interruption of suspension of our operations.
furthermore, certain of our business activities, such as those of our historical integrated solutions and services segment and new water solutions and services segment , include manufacturing and waste recycling and treatment processes that currently involve the use, treatment, storage, transfer, handling and/or disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous materials, chemicals and wastes, which are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations may become significant, result in increased operating costs or require additional investment in facilities, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. these business activities also create a risk of accidental contamination or injury to our employees, customers and other third parties, the general public (as end-users of our industrial and municipal customers' products and services), and the environment. as such, these activities create a risk of significant legal and environmental liabilities and reputational damage. for example, under applicable environmental laws and regulations, including rcra and cercla, we could be strictly, jointly and severally liable for releases of regulated substances by us at our current or former properties or the properties of others, or by other businesses that previously owned or used our current or former properties. we could also be liable or incur reputational damage if we transport such materials, generate hazardous materials or wastes, or merely arrange for their transportation, disposal, or treatment, and they are subsequently released or cause harm. if our business activities and water and wastewater treatment operations result in legal or environmental claims, damage or liabilities, including those described above, we could incur significant costs, liabilities or reputational damage in connection with legal defense, investigation, remediation of environmental contamination, damage to property or natural resources or personal injuries. such costs and liabilities could exceed any applicable insurance coverage we may have.
if we are unable to successfully execute large projects or meet customers' timelines, budget, performance and safety requirements, this could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
a portion of our revenue is derived from large projects that are technically complex and may occur over multiple years. these projects are subject to a number of significant risks, including project delays, cost overruns, changes in scope, unanticipated site conditions, design and engineering issues, incorrect cost assumptions, increases in the cost of materials and labor, health and safety hazards, subcontractor performance issues, weather issues and changes in laws or permitting requirements. if we are unable to manage these risks, we may incur higher costs, liquidated damages, and other liabilities to our customers, which may decrease our profitability and harm our reputation.
furthermore, our project-based customers typically require performance guarantees around the effluent produced by our water treatment equipment and services. failure of our products and services to meet performance guarantees may require additional engineering, replacement of parts and equipment and frequent replacement of consumables, monetary reimbursement to a customer, or could otherwise increase our costs or result in liability to our customers. there are significant uncertainties and judgments involved in estimating performance guarantee obligations, including changing product designs, differences in customer installation processes and failure to identify or disclaim certain variables in a customer's influent. to the extent that we incur substantial performance guarantee claims in any period, our reputation, earnings, and ability to obtain future business could be materially adversely affected.
many of our customers also have safety performance requirements that we must meet to be allowed access to their sites to perform our services, install our products and execute projects. risks arising from unsafe products or performance by our employees include, among other things, delays in or suspension of site access to service or timely deliver our products. workplace accidents or near-accidents, product-related accidents, or the failure to follow our own or our customers' safety policies could also damage our reputation or our customers' perception of our safety record, which could have a material adverse impact on demand for our products and services, result in additional costs to our business, the loss of customers or litigation against us, or increase government or regulatory oversight over us.
failure to retain our existing leadership, engineering, technology, sales, services and other key talents or the inability to attract new qualified and diverse talent could negatively impact our business.
our success depends to a significant extent on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified and diverse employees in leadership positions, and in strategic or core competencies, including engineering, innovation, digital technologies, commercial excellence, service, and project management, as well as general production-related talent. the market for highly skilled talent, leaders and labor in our industry remains highly competitive. as a result, our success in attracting and retaining employees, particularly in the areas of services, digital technologies, innovation and data science, has depended, and will continue to depend, on our ability to offer attractive career growth opportunities, work arrangements, compensation, and benefits, and also policies and ways of working that support employee well-being. in addition, we continue to evolve our culture, where colleagues are inspired to innovate, empowered to lead and accountable to deliver, and includes advancing diversity, equity and inclusion. these aspects of our culture have been and will remain critical to attracting and retaining talent needed to execute our strategy, while also driving innovation, remaining competitive and creating long-term value. we also need to continue to develop qualified talent to support business growth and robust succession plans, both of which are critical to our long-term success. a failure to attract or retain highly engaged and skilled talent and labor could adversely affect our ability to meet and exceed the needs of our customers, operate and grow our business and execute our strategy.
defects, unanticipated or improper use or inadequate disclosures concerning our products could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial condition and results of operations.
defects, inadequacies or quality issues in the manufacture, design, software, security or service of our products (including finished goods, parts or components that we source from third parties), unanticipated or improper use, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of our products, could result in product safety, product security, regulatory or environmental risks, including personal injury, death, and property or environmental damage. these events could also lead to product recalls, safety or security alerts, or result in the removal of a product from the market, issuance of credits, warranty or liability claims or contractual damages against us. although we have liability insurance, we cannot be certain that this insurance coverage will continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost or will be adequate to cover any or all aspects of liability claims. manufacturing, design, software, security or service defects or inadequacies may therefore result in significant costs, decreased profitability, negative publicity, and reputational damage, that could reduce demand for our products and have material adverse impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring and realignment plans or our restructuring and realignment may adversely affect our business.
from time to time, we have and may continue to initiate restructuring and realignment actions for various reasons, including to optimize our cost structure, improve our operational efficiency and effectiveness, and enable us to better serve our customers, or in response to impacts from business and economic conditions. we are also engaged in a multi-year effort to transform many of our support functions and related technologies, including finance, human resources and procurement. challenges with the enabling technologies and delays in implementing planned restructuring and realignment activities have delayed the realization of some of the expected operational and financial benefits from such actions. we may not be able to obtain all of the cost savings and benefits that were initially anticipated in connection with our restructuring and realignment plans. additionally, as a result of these plans, we may experience a loss of continuity or accumulated knowledge or inefficiencies during transitional periods and ongoing operations. realignment and restructuring require a significant amount of management and other employees' time and focus, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business.
the successful implementation and execution of our restructuring and realignment actions are critical to achieving our expected cost savings, as well as effectively competing in the marketplace and positioning us for future growth. factors that may impede a successful implementation and execution include the retention of key employees, the impact of regulatory matters including tax, matters involving certain third-party service providers selected to assist us, including staffing, technology, and compliance of service providers with our internal controls over financial reporting, and adverse economic market conditions. if our restructuring and realignment actions are not executed successfully, it could have material adverse impacts on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, our competitive position, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
the execution of our strategy includes acquisitions and divestitures, which we may be unable to successfully execute.
to execute our growth strategy, we plan to continue to realign and enhance our portfolio by pursuing the acquisition of companies, assets, technologies, product lines and customer channels that complement or expand our existing business or improve our competitive position, and divesting non-core or less strategic businesses. we may not be able to complete acquisitions or divestitures with favorable terms or timing or at all, or obtain financing that may be needed to consummate acquisitions. in addition, our results of operations may be adversely impacted by: (i) the failure to efficiently, effectively and timely integrate acquired businesses into our operations, technology, financial and other systems, (ii) the failure of acquired businesses to meet or exceed expected returns, which in the past has led to, and in the future may lead to, accounting impairments, (iii) the discovery of unanticipated liabilities, labor relations difficulties, cybersecurity concerns, control or compliance issues, or other issues for which we lack contractual protections, insurance or indemnities. failure to successfully execute our growth strategy via acquisitions and successfully integrate these acquisitions could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition or results of operations.
acquisitions involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including: diversion of management's time and attention from existing businesses and operations; insufficient internal controls over financial or compliance activities or financial reporting; the failure to realize expected synergies; impact our ability to achieve our sustainability commitments; the assumption of new material risks associated with the acquired businesses; and the loss of key employees of the acquired businesses. as a result, the anticipated benefits of acquisitions may not be realized fully within the expected timeframe or at all, may take longer to realize, or may cost more than expected, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
a significant portion of our products and offerings in our measurement and control solutions segment are affected by the availability, regulation of and interference with radio spectrum that we use.
a significant portion of the offerings in our measurement and control solutions segment use radio spectrum, which is subject to government regulation. to the extent we introduce new products designed for use in the u.s. or another country, such products may require significant modification or redesign in order to meet frequency requirements and other regulatory specifications. limitations on frequency availability or the cost of making necessary modifications may preclude us from selling our products in certain countries. the regulations that govern our use of radio spectrum may change or new products may be allowed under the regulations that cause interference with our products, which may require us to modify our products or seek new partnerships. in addition, we may not be able to secure suitable partners for co-development of products. an inability or delay in modifying our products to meet such requirements, or the cost of completing such modifications, could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in the u.s., our products are primarily designed to use fcc-licensed spectrum in the 900mhz range. if the fcc does not renew our existing spectrum licenses, or materially changes regulations affecting the use of these licenses, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, there may be insufficient available frequencies in some markets to sustain or develop our planned operations at a commercially feasible price or at all.
outside the u.s., certain of our products require the use of radio frequency and are subject to regulations. in some jurisdictions, radio station licenses may be granted for a fixed term and must be periodically renewed. our advanced and smart metering systems offerings transmit to (and receive information from, if applicable) handheld, mobile, or fixed network reading devices in licensed bands made available to us through strategic partnerships and are reliant, to some extent, on the licensed spectrum continuing to be available through our partners or our customers. we may be unable to find partners or customers that have access to sufficient frequencies in some markets to sustain or develop our planned operations, or that have access to sufficient frequencies at a commercially feasible price or at all.
weather conditions, including the effects of climate change as well as associated efforts by governmental or regulatory authorities to mitigate such effects, may cause volatility in our served markets and affect our businesses, operations and financial results.
the unpredictable nature, frequency, severity and changes in weather events, patterns and related conditions, such as heavy flooding, prolonged droughts, wildfires, rainfall amounts and intensity, sea levels, and fluctuations in temperatures, including as a result of climate change, can positively or negatively impact portions of our business and therefore result in volatility in our financial results. for example, certain events may disrupt the operations of our customers, creating customer shutdowns that prevent site access or defer our performance of services or sale of equipment. heavy flooding and rain events may increase demand for our solutions that help manage water and stormwater overflows or remove and transfer excess or unwanted water. prolonged drought conditions may increase demand for our pumping technology used in agriculture and turf irrigation applications. demand for water reuse applications, such as those provided by our treatment business, may also increase as communities look to address water scarcity challenges. fluctuations in temperatures may result in varying demand for our products used in residential and commercial hydronic applications, where homes and buildings use circulating water to heat and cool living spaces. severe weather events and other effects of climate change have also caused, and may in the future cause, disruptions to our facilities and operations, and those of our customers and suppliers. in 2021, a physical risk analysis of legacy xylem facilities using the task force on climate related financial disclosures framework indicated that certain of our facilities are at moderate risk for exposure to water stress, coldwave and wildfire impacts due to the effects of climate change. while we continue to assess these risks, implement mitigation plans and perform business continuity and disaster recovery planning, we cannot be sure that disruptions with material adverse effects will not occur.
in addition, certain of our products, services and solutions assist our customers in meeting increasingly stringent scarcity, efficiency, environmental and safety requirements, including via laws or regulations enacted for the purpose of limiting greenhouse gas emissions or making water supplies more resilient, cleaner and safer. our future growth is dependent in part on the impact and timing of potential new laws and regulations, as well as potential changes to existing laws and regulations. if stricter laws or regulations are delayed, not enacted, repealed, amended to be less strict, not enforced or are enacted with prolonged phase‐in periods, demand for our products and services may be reduced. we are currently unable to predict whether changes to laws and regulations will affect demand for our products and services. to the extent that such changes increase uncertainty or have a negative impact on us, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects may be materially and adversely impacted.
our sustainability commitments, goals, targets, objectives and initiatives, and our public statements and disclosures regarding them, expose us to numerous risks.
we have and will continue to establish goals, targets, and other objectives related to sustainability matters, including our sustainability goals and commitments to science-based targets aligned to limiting global temperature increase to 1.5°c above pre-industrial level, in line with the paris agreement, by 2030 and net zero greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3) before 2050. achieving these goals and commitments will require evolving our business, making capital investments and developing technologies that might not currently exist. we might incur additional expenses or be required to recognize impairment charges in connection with our efforts. these commitments, goals, targets and other objectives reflect our current plans and there is no guarantee that they will be achieved. our efforts to research, establish, accomplish and accurately report on these commitments, goals, targets and objectives expose us to operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks. our ability to achieve any stated commitment, goal, target, or objective is subject to factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control, including the extent to which energy generated from renewable resources is available from the grid, the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards.
we may face increased scrutiny from the investment community, regulators, media and other stakeholders related to our sustainability activities, commitments, goals, targets and objectives, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. at the same time, certain governmental representatives and other stakeholders have increasingly expressed or pursued opposing views, legislation and investment expectations around sustainability initiatives, including the enactment or proposal of "anti-esg" legislation or policies. we are subject to increasing regulatory requirements around sustainability-related disclosures, including significant rulemaking by the eu related to the corporate sustainability reporting directive and anticipated rulemaking by the sec, which may continue to evolve. complying with regulators' disclosure requirements may impose substantial additional costs and will require additional resources, including for third-party attestation, to enable the capture, analysis and audit of appropriate data. any actual or alleged failure to comply with regulatory requirements around disclosures could result in fines, penalties and civil liabilities, and damage to our reputation. furthermore, if our sustainability reporting and practices do not meet investors, regulators or other stakeholders' expectations, standards and requirements, or if we are unable to satisfy all stakeholders, our reputation, ability to attract or retain employees, and attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquiror could be negatively impacted. similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our sustainability commitments, goals, targets, and objectives, to comply with ethical, environmental or other standards, regulations, or expectations, or to comply with reporting and disclosure requirements and standards related to these matters, within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have adverse operational, reputational, financial and legal impacts.
risks related to financial and tax our business is subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
sales outside of the u.s. for the year ended december 31, 2023 accounted for approximately 46% of our net sales. we also have significant operations in various locations outside of the u.s. our principal currency exposures for which we enter into cash flow hedges relate to the euro, swedish krona, british pound, canadian dollar, australian dollar, and polish zloty. changes in the value of currencies of the countries in which we do business relative to the value of the u.s. dollar or euro could affect our ability to sell products competitively and control our cost structure, which has had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. additionally, we are subject to foreign exchange translation risk due to changes in the value of foreign currencies in relation to our reporting currency, the u.s. dollar. the translation risk is primarily concentrated in the exchange rate between the u.s. dollar and the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, chinese yuan, australian dollar, indian rupee, and swedish krona. as the u.s. dollar fluctuates against other currencies in which we transact business, revenue and income may be impacted. strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the euro and the currencies of the other countries in which we do business, has materially and adversely affected, and could in the future materially and adversely affect, our sales growth and profitability in future periods. refer to item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for additional information on foreign exchange risk.
our financial results may fluctuate from period to period and can be difficult to predict.
our businesses, including that of our applied water segment, are impacted by a substantial amount of short cycle and book-and-bill business, which we have limited visibility into, particularly for the business that we transact through our significant distribution network. in addition, our businesses, including our measurement and control solutions segment, and our legacy integrated services and solutions segment and the new water solutions and services segment, are impacted by long-cycle business including large projects, which could be unexpectedly canceled, or whose timing can change based upon customer requirements due to a number of factors affecting the project that are beyond our knowledge or control, such as funding, readiness of the project and regulatory approvals. we rely on a complex global supply chain, which has been subject to dynamic conditions, volatility, unexpected changes and disruptions due to macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, including the ongoing conflicts between russia and ukraine and the middle east, and high inflation. these supply chain challenges have affected, and may continue to affect, our cost structure, production and ability to timely fill customer orders. we cannot predict how, when, or if, these conditions will worsen, ease or subside in the future. accordingly, our financial results for any given period have been and will continue to be difficult to predict.
we may incur additional impairment charges for our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets which would negatively impact our operating results.
we have a significant amount of goodwill and purchased intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheets as a result of acquisitions. as of december 31, 2023, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled approximately $8 billion. in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we evaluate these assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if changes in events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that a potential impairment could exist. significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business or our customers' business, inability to effectively integrate or scale acquired businesses, increases in cost of capital, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, failure of the fcc to renew radio spectrum licenses, and divestitures and market capitalization declines may cause impairment of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. for example, in 2020 we recorded goodwill impairment charges of $58 million within our measurement and control solutions segment primarily related to the performance of the business of the pure technologies ltd. acquisition ("pure") (as detailed in note 12, "goodwill and other intangible assets"). we did not record goodwill impairment charges within our measurement and control solutions segment in 2021, 2022 or 2023. material impairment charges have in the past and could in the future adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
changes in our effective tax rates and tax expenses may adversely affect our financial results.
we sell our products in approximately 150 countries and 46% of our revenue was generated outside the u.s. for the year ended december 31, 2023. given the global nature of our business, a number of factors may increase our effective tax rates and tax expense, including:
•the geographic mix of jurisdictions in which profits are earned and taxed;
•the statutory tax rates and tax laws in jurisdictions in which we conduct business;
•the resolution of tax issues arising from tax examinations by various tax authorities; and
•the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities.
additionally, tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political and other conditions. significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. we continue to monitor the developments and tax implications surrounding changes in the global tax environment, including the organization for economic co-operation and development's model rules that propose a global minimum tax rate of 15%. certain countries, including eu member states, have enacted or are expected to enact legislation to be effective as early as 2024, with widespread implementation of a global minimum tax expected by 2025. we will continue to monitor pending legislation and implementation by individual countries and evaluate the potential impact on our business in future periods. based on currently enacted legislation, we do not expect a material impact on our effective tax rate and cash tax liabilities in the near term. however, additional guidance and details regarding implementation of these rules continue to be released. any implementation of these rules via domestic legislation of countries or via international treaties could have a material impact on our effective tax rate or result in higher cash tax liabilities.
our businesses are regularly examined by various tax authorities throughout the world and the resolutions of these examinations do not typically have a significant impact on our effective tax rates and tax expenses, but they could. for example, following an examination regarding aspects of the reorganization of our european business that occurred in 2013, the swedish tax authority issued a tax assessment to xylem's swedish subsidiary in 2019, which we are appealing as further described in note 7, "income taxes." this examination as well as other examinations can result in increased tax assessments, and settlement or litigation about the assessments and final resolution could be unfavorable to xylem. we regularly assess the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, including unrecognized tax benefits; however, developments in an audit or litigation could materially and adversely affect us. although we believe our tax estimates and accruals are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final determination will not be materially different than the treatment reflected in our historical income tax provisions, accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition.
our pension and other defined benefit plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely impact our earnings, financial condition and cash flows in future periods.
certain current and retired employees are covered by pension and other defined benefit plans (collectively, "post-retirement benefit plans"). we make contributions to fund our post-retirement benefit plans when it is necessary or we consider it advantageous to do so. risks to the company include significant changes in market interest rates and inflation, decreases in fair value of plan assets, changes in discount rates, or changes in minimum funding requirements established by governments, taxing authorities or other agreements, any of which could increase our funding obligations and adversely impact our earnings, financial condition and cash flows in future periods. in addition to cash funding, we attempt to mitigate these risks, including through investments in assets intended to hedge market risk and in insurance solutions to transfer risk. however, the cost of our post-retirement benefit plans is incurred over long periods of time and involves factors that can be volatile and unpredictable, including rates of return on plan assets, discount rates used to calculate liabilities and expenses, changes in laws , regulatory actions, and changes in actuarial experience and assumptions, which could adversely impact our earnings, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
risks related to legal and regulatory failure to comply with laws, regulations and policies related to our business conduct, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, other applicable anti-corruption laws, trade regulations, and data privacy and security laws, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
given our global operations, we are subject to regulation under a wide variety of u.s. and non-u.s. laws, regulations and policies related to anti-bribery and corruption, trade including tariffs, exports and imports, anti-trust and competition, money laundering, and employment. our policies mandate compliance with these laws and regulations. the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act of 2010 and similar anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. we operate in many parts of the world that are recognized as having governmental and commercial corruption and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-corruption laws may conflict with local business customs and practices. we cannot guarantee that our internal controls, policies and procedures will always prevent and protect us from improper conduct by our employees or business partners, including distributors. in the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our employees or business partners have or may have violated applicable laws, regulations or policies, including anti-corruption laws, we are required to investigate the relevant facts and circumstances. this can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. any violation could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties, termination of relationships with business partners, or curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions, and as a result might materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. in addition, actual or alleged violations could damage our reputation and ability to do business.
additionally, to conduct our business and operations, we regularly move data across borders, and consequently we are subject to the continuously evolving legal and regulatory landscape regarding data privacy, data protection and data security, including the california consumer protection act, the eu's general data protection regulation ("gdpr") and the china personal information protection law ("pipl"). the scope of these and other laws that may be applicable to us continues to evolve, is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly as respects foreign laws. gdpr greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of eu law and adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the enforcement of data subject rights, enhanced security requirements, obligations to guarantee eu data subject rights are not compromised in countries outside the eu, and public disclosure of significant data breaches. other countries, such as china with its pipl, have enacted or are enacting data localization and security laws, as well as various reporting requirements. all of these evolving legal and operational requirements impose significant costs of compliance that are likely to increase over time. we cannot guarantee that we will at all times be in compliance with all requirements. in addition, any violation could result in substantial fines, sanctions and/or civil penalties, damage to our reputation and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
failure to comply with, and the cost of complying with, laws, regulations, policies and taxes applicable to our operations, products and services, including those involving the environment, climate change, and health and safety, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
certain of our operations, products and services are governed by various federal, state, and local or foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations for the protection of the public, our employees and the environment, including as respects: emissions; potable and non-potable water; wastewater treatment and discharge; the generation, handling, storage, use, transport, treatment and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous materials and wastes; the use of u.s. fcc-licensed radio spectrum (as detailed above); and our employees' health and safety. such laws and regulations include the occupational health and safety act, the federal safe drinking water act, the clean water act, the clean air act, the resource conservation and recovery act, the comprehensive environmental response, compensation, and liability act, the toxic substances control act, the federal insecticide, fungicide and rodenticide act, the eu's restriction of hazardous substance directive, and the eu's registration, evaluation and authorization of chemicals directive, as well as others enacted in response to environmental and climate change concerns. in addition, certain of our products may be subject to product safety regulations. for example, our mar cor product line provides us food and drug administration 510(k) cleared water purification systems to the dialysis industry. the aforementioned laws and regulations establish, among other things, criteria and standards we must comply with and may require licensing, permitting, approval or reporting. we cannot provide assurance that our operations, products or services will at all times be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and permits or that we will be able to obtain or renew all required permits.
increasing public and governmental concern regarding the environment and the effects of climate change has, and may continue to, result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements, policies and taxes intended to limit environmental damage and ghg emissions, including as respects pollution and discharges, emissions trading schemes, carbon, fuel or other taxes. in addition, as discussed above, we expect to be subject to increasing regulatory requirements around disclosures related to our business' impact on climate change. compliance with all of these requirements is complex. applicable requirements change frequently and the timing and substance of future changes is uncertain and difficult to predict. we incur, and expect to continue to incur, costs to comply with applicable requirements, including: i) increased operating and capital expenditures related to our facilities and equipment; ii) increased research and development costs, including with respect to the design or re-design of our products in order to conform to changing emissions and efficiency standards and regulations, and iii) costs for tools, talent and resources to meeting the increasing disclosures requirements (discussed above). our failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies and taxes may result in substantial litigation and defense costs, fines, penalties and criminal sanctions; facility shutdowns to address violations; and investments in costly pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit emissions or discharges. developments such as the adoption of new environmental or climate change laws and regulations, enforcement actions or litigation, discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination conditions, obsolescence of our products, interruption or suspension of our operations, an inability to recover costs associated with any such developments, or the financial insolvency of other responsible parties, could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, and reputation.
we face risks related to legal and regulatory proceedings.
we are subject to various laws, regulations and other requirements of governmental authorities in the u.s. and foreign countries, any violation of which could potentially create substantial liability and damage our reputation. changes in laws, ordinances, regulations or other government policies, the nature, timing, and effect of which are uncertain, may significantly increase our expenses and liabilities.
from time to time, we are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings that are incidental to the operation of our businesses (including that of acquired or previously owned entities). these proceedings may seek remedies relating to environmental matters, tax, securities, intellectual property, acquisitions or divestitures, product liability, property damage, personal injury, privacy, employment, labor and pensions, governmental and commercial or contractual issues or disputes. in addition, our continued transition to connected products and services and digital technologies and solutions has increased our exposure to intellectual property litigation and we expect that this risk will continue to increase as we execute on our innovation and technology priorities.
it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of claims, investigations, regulatory proceedings and lawsuits, and we could in the future incur judgments, fines or penalties or enter into settlements and claims that could have an adverse effect on our reputation, our business, results of operations and financial condition. additionally, we may be required to change or cease operations at one or more facilities if a regulatory agency determines that we have failed to comply with laws, regulations or orders applicable to our business.
the global and diverse nature of our operations, coupled with the increase in regulation and enforcement in many regions of the globe, means that we will continue to face legal and compliance risks. additional legal and regulatory proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, have in the past and may in the future arise from time to time. in addition, subsequent developments in legal and regulatory proceedings may affect our assessments and estimates of loss contingencies recorded as a reserve and require us to make payments in excess of our reserves, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to intellectual property owned by others, that are important to our business. our intellectual property rights may provide us with competitive advantage because they may help us differentiate our technologies, products and services, including our growing portfolio of data analytics and digitally enabled offerings. however, our current or future intellectual property rights may not be sufficiently broad or may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, misappropriated, independently developed, or designed around, particularly given our operations in countries where laws governing intellectual property rights are not highly developed, protected or enforced. our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property, or detect or prevent circumvention, misappropriation or unauthorized use of such property, as well as the cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we receive notices from third parties alleging intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. any dispute or litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming to defend due to the complexity and uncertainty of intellectual property litigation. we may not be successful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of infringement or misappropriation. in addition, as a result of such infringement or misappropriation claims, we could lose our rights to use or license critical technology, sell critical products and services, be required to pay substantial damages or license fees with respect to the use of third-party intellectual property rights, or be required to redesign our products at substantial cost, any of which could adversely impact our competitive position, financial condition and results of operations. even if we successfully defend against claims of infringement or misappropriation, we may incur significant costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. this discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting our results of operations and the financial condition of our business. except as otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, "xylem," "we," "us," "our" and "the company" refer to xylem inc. and its subsidiaries.
this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022.
overview xylem is a leading global water technology company. we design, manufacture and service highly engineered products and solutions ranging across a wide variety of critical applications in utility, industrial, residential and commercial building services settings. our broad portfolio of solutions addresses customer needs across the water cycle, from the delivery, measurement and use of drinking water to the collection, test, treatment and analysis of wastewater to the return of water to the environment. our product and service offerings are organized into four reportable segments that are aligned around the critical market applications they provide: water infrastructure, applied water, measurement and control solutions and integrated solutions and services.
•water infrastructure serves the water infrastructure sector with pump systems that transport water from aquifers, lakes, rivers and seas; with filtration, ultraviolet and ozone systems that provide treatment, making the water fit to use; and pumping solutions that move the wastewater and storm water to treatment facilities where our mixers, biological treatment, monitoring and control systems provide the primary functions in the treatment process. we also provide sales and rental of specialty dewatering pumps and related equipment and services. additionally, our offerings use monitoring and control, smart and connected technologies to allow for remote monitoring of performance and enable products to self-optimize pump operations maximizing energy efficiency and minimizing unplanned downtime and maintenance for our customers. in the water infrastructure segment, we provide the majority of our sales directly to customers along with strong applications expertise, while the remaining amount is through distribution partners. the water infrastructure segment also includes legacy-evoqua's applied product technologies ("apt") segment. apt provides a range of highly differentiated and scalable products and technologies with product offerings in the filtration and separation, disinfection, wastewater solutions, anode and electrochlorination technology, and aquatics technologies and solutions spaces.
•applied water serves the water usage applications sector with water pressure boosting systems for heating, ventilation and air conditioning, and for fire protection systems to the residential and commercial building services markets. in addition, our pumps, heat exchangers and controls provide cooling to power plants and manufacturing facilities, circulation for food and beverage processing, as well as boosting systems for agricultural irrigation. in the applied water segment, we provide the majority of our sales through long-standing relationships with many of the leading independent distributors in the markets we serve, with the remainder going directly to customers.
•measurement and control solutions primarily serves the utility infrastructure solutions and services sector by delivering communications, smart metering, measurement and control technologies and critical infrastructure technologies that allow customers to more effectively use their distribution networks for the delivery, monitoring and control of critical resources such as water, electricity and natural gas. we also provide analytical instrumentation used to measure and analyze water quality, flow and level in clean water, wastewater, and outdoor environments. additionally, we offer software and services including cloud-based analytics, remote monitoring and data management, leak detection, condition assessment, asset management and pressure monitoring solutions. in the measurement and control solutions segment, we generate our sales through a combination of long-standing relationships with leading distributors and dedicated channel partners as well as direct sales depending on the regional availability of distribution channels and the type of product.
•integrated solutions and services serves the industrial and municipal sectors with tailored services and solutions in collaboration with the customers backed by life‐cycle services including on‐demand water, outsourced water, recycle / reuse, and emergency response service alternatives to improve operational reliability, performance, and environmental compliance. key offerings within this segment also include equipment systems for industrial needs (influent water, boiler feed water, ultrahigh purity, process water, wastewater treatment, and recycle / reuse), full-scale outsourcing of operations and maintenance, and municipal services, including odor and corrosion control services.
evoqua acquisition on january 22, 2023, xylem entered into a definitive agreement to acquire evoqua, a leader in mission-critical water treatment solutions and services, in an all-stock transaction that reflected an implied enterprise value of approximately $7.5 billion. the transaction closed on may 24, 2023. see note 3, "acquisitions and divestitures," to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
coinciding with the evoqua acquisition, xylem has updated our adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share to add back non-cash purchase accounting intangible amortization and recast 2022 amounts to reflect the change on a comparative basis evoqua, a leader in north america water treatment, complements xylem's distinctive portfolio of solutions with advanced water and wastewater treatment capabilities, a powerful and extensive network of service professionals and access to a number of attractive industrial markets with resilient, recurring revenue streams.
key performance indicators and non-gaap measures management reviews key performance indicators including revenue, gross margins, segment operating income and operating income margins, orders growth, working capital and backlog, among others. in addition, we consider certain non-gaap (or "adjusted") measures to be useful to management and investors evaluating our operating performance for the periods presented, and to provide a tool for evaluating our ongoing operations, liquidity and management of assets. this information can assist investors in assessing our financial performance and measures our ability to generate capital for deployment among competing strategic alternatives and initiatives, including, but not limited to, dividends, acquisitions, share repurchases and debt repayment. excluding revenue, xylem provides guidance only on a non-gaap basis due to the inherent difficulty in forecasting certain amounts that would be included in gaap earnings, such as discrete tax items, without unreasonable effort. these adjusted metrics are consistent with how management views our business and are used to make financial, operating and planning decisions. these metrics, however, are not measures of financial performance under gaap and should not be considered a substitute for revenue, operating income, net income, earnings per share (basic and diluted) or net cash from operating activities as determined in accordance with gaap. we consider the following non-gaap measures to be key performance indicators, as well as the related reconciling items to the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. the non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures reported by other companies.
•"organic revenue" and "organic orders" defined as revenue and orders, respectively, excluding the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency translation and contributions from acquisitions and divestitures. divestitures include sales or discontinuance of insignificant portions of our business that did not meet the criteria for classification as a discontinued operation. the period-over-period change resulting from foreign currency translation impacts is determined by translating current period and prior period activity using the same currency conversion rate.
•"constant currency" defined as financial results adjusted for foreign currency translation impacts by translating current period and prior period activity using the same currency conversion rate. this approach is used for countries whose functional currency is not the u.s. dollar.
•"adjusted net income" and "adjusted earnings per share" defined as net income and earnings per share, respectively, adjusted to exclude restructuring and realignment costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, gain or loss from sale of businesses, special charges and tax-related special items, as applicable. a reconciliation of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share is provided below.
(in millions, except per share data)                                                                  2023                                             2022
restructuring and realignment                                            106                       0.49                    34                       0.19
tax-related special items                                              (115)                     (0.53)                     1                       0.01
(gain) loss from sale of business                                          1                          -                   (1)                     (0.01)
(a)the special charges in the year primarily relate to $126 million of acquisition and integration related costs.
(c)the tax effects of adjustments are calculated using the statutory tax rate, taking into consideration the nature of the item and the relevant taxing jurisdiction.
▪"adjusted operating expenses" defined as operating expenses adjusted to exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets, restructuring and realignment costs and special charges.
▪"adjusted operating income" defined as operating income, adjusted to exclude restructuring and realignment costs and special charges, and "adjusted operating margin" defined as adjusted operating income divided by total revenue.
▪"ebitda" defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, "ebitda margin" defined as ebitda divided by total revenue, "adjusted ebitda" reflects the adjustment to ebitda to exclude share-based compensation charges, restructuring and realignment costs, gain or loss from sale of businesses and special charges, and "adjusted ebitda margin" defined as adjusted ebitda divided by total revenue.
▪"realignment costs" defined as costs not included in restructuring costs that are incurred as part of actions taken to reposition our business, including items such as professional fees, severance, relocation, travel, facility set-up and other costs.
▪"special charges" defined as costs incurred by the company, such as acquisition and integration related costs, non-cash impairment charges, and both operating and non-operating adjustments for costs related to the u.k. pension plan buy-out.
▪"tax-related special items" defined as tax items, such as tax return versus tax provision adjustments, tax exam impacts, tax law change impacts, excess tax benefits/losses and other discrete tax adjustments.
▪"free cash flow" defined as net cash from operating activities, as reported in the statement of cash flows, less capital expenditures. our definition of "free cash flow" does not consider certain non-discretionary cash payments, such as debt. the following table provides a reconciliation of free cash flow.
net cash provided by operating activities                                       $837                    $596
capital expenditures                                                           (271)                   (208)
non-discretionary tax payments (r&amp;d tax law adoption)                         33                       -
net cash used in investing activities                                         $(628)                  $(191)
net cash provided (used) by financing activities                              $(157)                  $(790)
executive summary xylem reported revenue of $7,364 million for 2023, an increase of $1,842 million, or 33.4%, from $5,522 million reported in 2022. on a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $1,867 million, or 33.8%, during the year. the increase at constant currency consists of revenue from acquisitions of $1,177 million and an increase in organic revenue of $690 million reflecting strong organic growth in all segments as well as across all major geographic regions.
operating income for 2023 was $652 million, reflecting an increase of $30 million, or 4.8%, compared to $622 million in 2022. operating margin was 8.9% and 11.3% for 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase in operating income for 2023 included an increase in special charges of $122 million, an increase in purchased intangible amortization of $104 million, and an increase in restructuring and realignment costs of $72 million as compared to 2022. excluding the impact of these items, adjusted operating income was $1,072 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 14.6% in 2023 as compared to adjusted operating income of $744 million with an adjusted operating margin of 13.5% in 2022, an increase of 110 basis points.
additional financial highlights for 2023 include the following:
•net cash provided by operating activities of $837 million and free cash flow of $599 million, up 54% from 2022
gross profit                                                       2,717                    2,084                          30.4      %
expense to revenue ratio                                            28.0   %                 26.5   %                       150     bp restructuring and realignment costs                                (102)                     (30)                         240.0      %
gain/(loss) from sale of business                                    (1)                        1                       (200.0)      %
revenue revenue generated for 2023 was $7,364 million, an increase of $1,842 million, or 33.4%, compared to $5,522 million in 2022. on a constant currency basis, revenue grew 33.8% during 2023. the increase at constant currency consists of revenue from acquisitions of $1,177 million and an increase in organic revenue of $690 million, reflecting strong organic growth in all segments as well as across all major geographic regions.
the following table illustrates the impact from organic growth, recent acquisitions and divestitures, and foreign currency translation in relation to revenue during 2023:
water infrastructure                            applied water                        measurement and control solutions                        integrated solutions and services                              total xylem
(in millions)                                 $ change          % change                  $ change       % change                         $ change                % change                         $ change   % change                               $ change       % change
acquisitions/(divestitures)                  362              15.3     %                    -              -    %                        -                       -       %                      815           nm                                   1,177           21.3    %
foreign currency translation (a)            (14)             (0.6)     %                 (10)          (0.5)    %                      (1)                   (0.1)       %                        -           nm                                    (25)          (0.4)    %
total change in revenue                      603              25.5     %                   86            4.9    %                      338                    24.3       %                      815           nm                                   1,842           33.4    %
(a)foreign currency translation impact for the year primarily due to the weakening in value of various currencies against the u.s. dollar, the largest being the chinese yuan, the canadian dollar and the norwegian krone water infrastructure water infrastructure revenue increased $603 million, or 25.5%, to $2,967 million in 2023 (26.1% increase on a constant currency basis) compared to 2022. revenue growth was partially made up of the revenue contributed by acquisitions from apt of $362 million, with the remainder of the increase coming from organic revenue growth of $255 million, or 10.8%. revenue was negatively impacted by $14 million of foreign currency translation. organic growth for the year was driven by strength in both the utility and industrial end markets. the utilities end market experienced organic growth of $150 million led by strength in the u.s. driven by strong price realization, increased sales volume bolstered by backlog execution, and higher rental revenue. western europe also experienced strong organic growth due to demand from utility capital projects and strong price realization. the emerging markets grew organically due to increased project revenue. the industrial end market had $105 million of organic growth across all major geographic regions, due to strong price realization and increased sales volume in the u.s. and timing of capital projects and strong price realization in western europe.
from an application perspective, excluding the $362 million contributed by acquisitions, organic revenue growth was driven by our transport applications. transport experienced $240 million of revenue growth. all three of our major geographic regions contributed to the organic revenue growth in transport, led by the u.s. due to strong backlog execution and price realization and higher volume in the dewatering business. western europe also experienced increases driven by strong price realization and delivery on capital projects. organic revenue growth for the treatment application was $15 million for the year due to increased sales volume in the u.s. driven by strong backlog execution.
applied water applied water revenue increased $86 million, or 4.9%, in 2023 (5.4% increase on a constant currency basis) compared to 2022. revenue was negatively impacted by $10 million of foreign currency translation, with the change at constant currency coming entirely from organic growth during the year of $96 million. organic growth was led by strength in building solutions, with commercial revenue growth of $97 million, driven by the u.s. with increased sales volume from backlog execution in the first half of the year and strong price realization, partially offset by the residential declines in revenue of $33 million primarily in the emerging markets, driven by softness in the middle east, and volume declines in the u.s. the industrial water application had organic growth of $32 million, led by the emerging markets due to increased sales volume, and western europe where we benefited from strong price realization.
measurement and control solutions measurement and control solutions revenue increased $338 million, or 24.3%, in 2023 (24.4% increase on a constant currency basis) compared to 2022. revenue was negatively impacted by $1 million of foreign currency translation during the year, with the change at constant currency coming entirely from organic growth during the year of $339 million. we experienced organic revenue growth across all three major geographic regions and in both of the segment's end markets for the year, driven by $327 million of organic growth in the utility end market, primarily in the u.s., driven by increased sales volume and backlog execution, enabled by significant improvement of supply chain constraints, and $12 million in the industrial end market driven by strong backlog execution in our test business.
from an application perspective, organic revenue growth during the year was led by growth in the water application of $229 million led by the u.s., where we saw increased sales volume, enabled by recovery on prior year component constraints, and western europe, due to strong backlog execution. we also had organic revenue growth in the energy application of $110 million, driven by improved component availability and metrology sales in the u.s.
integrated solutions and services integrated solutions and services revenue consists entirely of $815 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 contributed from the evoqua acquisition.
orders/backlog an order represents a legally enforceable, written document that includes the scope of work or services to be performed or equipment to be supplied to a customer, the corresponding price and the expected delivery date for the applicable products or services to be provided. an order often takes the form of a customer purchase order or a signed quote from a xylem business. orders received during 2023 increased by $1,244 million, or 19.9%, to $7,501 million (20.5% increase on a constant currency basis). order intake increased due to $1,220 million of increased orders related to the evoqua acquisition. the increase in orders was partially offset by $41 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. organic order growth for the year was $65 million, or 1.0%.
the following table illustrates the impact from organic growth, recent acquisitions and divestitures, and foreign currency translation in relation to orders during 2023:
water infrastructure                   applied water               measurement and control solutions                        integrated solutions and services                              total xylem
change            change           change         change                  change   change                                          change   change                                   change         change
acquisitions/(divestitures)                  352              13.5     %           -              -    %               -           -               %                          868           nm                                   1,220           19.5    %
foreign currency translation (a)            (23)             (0.9)     %        (18)          (1.0)    %               -           -               %                            -           nm                                    (41)          (0.7)    %
total change in orders                       453              17.4     %        (24)          (1.3)    %            (53)           (2.9)           %                          868           nm                                   1,244           19.9    %
(a)foreign currency translation impact for the year primarily due to the weakening in value of various currencies against the u.s. dollar, the largest being the chinese yuan, the canadian dollar and the norwegian krone water infrastructure water infrastructure segment orders increased $453 million, or 17.4%, to $3,060 million, with $352 million in contributions from the acquisition of the apt business, and organic order growth of $124 million or 4.8%. order intake for the period was negatively impacted by $23 million of foreign currency translation. organic orders increased during the year primarily in the transport applications, led by the dewatering business in the u.s., where we benefited from strong price realization and demand, the emerging markets, where we had increased capital project orders, and western europe where we saw increased demand and capital project orders. the treatment applications also saw organic growth primarily in the u.s. and in the emerging markets where we saw higher capital project orders in these regions.
applied water applied water segment orders decreased $24 million, or 1.3%, to $1,770 million (flat on a constant currency basis). order intake during the year was negatively impacted by $18 million of foreign currency translation, with organic orders being essentially flat. weakness in the u.s. from lower demand and timing of orders was partially offset by strength in the emerging markets due to strong project orders and recovery from prior year covid-19 impacts.
measurement and control solutions measurement and control solutions segment orders decreased $53 million, or 2.9%, to $1,803 million, with no impact from foreign currency translation. organic order weakness for the year was driven by the energy applications, particularly in the u.s., where we saw lower demand in gas metrology. order declines were marginally offset by growth in the water applications, primarily in the u.s., and western europe, driven by increased digital and service orders, as well as demand in our pipeline assessment services business.
integrated solutions and services the integration solutions and services segment contributed total orders of $868 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 see note 3, "acquisitions and divestitures," to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
backlog backlog includes orders on hand as well as contractual customer agreements at the end of the period. delivery schedules vary from customer to customer based on their requirements. annual or multi-year contracts are subject to rescheduling and cancellation by customers due to the long-term nature of the contracts. as such, beginning total backlog, plus orders, minus revenues, will not equal ending total backlog due to contract adjustments, foreign currency fluctuations, and other factors. typically, large projects require longer lead production cycles and deployment schedules and delays occur from time to time. total backlog was $5,088 million at december 31, 2023 and $3,605 million at december 31, 2022, an increase of 41.1%, with backlog from the acquisition of evoqua contributing $1,268 million, or 35.2%, of the increase. we anticipate that more than 50% of our total backlog at december 31, 2023 will be recognized as revenue during 2024.
gross margin gross margin as a percentage of consolidated revenue decreased 80 basis points to 36.9% in 2023 as compared to 37.7% in 2022. the gross margin decline for the year included 60 basis points from increases in acquired intangible asset amortization and special charges as compared to the prior year. additionally, the gross margin decline for the year included 530 basis points of negative operating impacts, driven by 230 basis points of inflation, 140 basis points of unfavorable impacts from the evoqua acquisition, 80 basis points of unfavorable mix, and 30 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments. these impacts were partially offset by favorable impacts of 510 basis points, driven by 270 basis points of price realization and 210 basis points of productivity savings.
(in millions)                                               2023                     2022                     change selling, general and administrative expenses          $1,757                   $1,227                      43.2    %
sg&amp;a as a % of revenue                              23.9   %                 22.2   %                   170   bp research and development expenses                        232                      206                      12.6    %
r&amp;d as a % of revenue                                3.2   %                  3.7   %                  (50)   bp restructuring and asset impairment charges                76                       29                     162.1    %
expense to revenue ratio                                28.0   %                 26.5   %                   150   bp selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses sg&a expenses increased by $530 million (increase of 43.2%) to 23.9% of revenue in 2023, as compared to 22.2% of revenue in 2022. cost increases were driven by $188 million of additional operational sg&a from the acquisition of evoqua, increased special charges (mostly evoqua acquisition related costs) and realignment costs of $115 million, increased acquired intangible asset amortization of $58 million, $54 million of inflation, and $51 million in increased spending on strategic investments.
research and development ("r&d") expenses r&d expense was $232 million, or 3.2% of revenue, in 2023 which was fairly consistent with the 2022 expense of $206 million, or 3.7% of revenue.
restructuring and asset impairment charges restructuring from time to time, the company will incur costs related to restructuring actions in order to optimize our cost base and more strategically position itself. restructuring charges were $72 million in 2023 as compared to $15 million in 2022.
during 2023, we incurred these charges primarily as a result of our acquisition of evoqua. approximately $27 million of the charges related to stock-based compensation expense due to acceleration clauses in evoqua's equity compensation agreements. approximately $15 million of the charges represented the reduction of headcount related to the integration of evoqua. additionally, during 2023 we incurred $30 million of charges related to our efforts to reposition our businesses to optimize our cost structure, improve our operational efficiency and effectiveness, strengthen our competitive positioning and better serve our customers. the charges were incurred across all of our segments.
during 2022, we incurred restructuring charges primarily as a continuation of our efforts to reposition our european and north american businesses to optimize our cost structure and improve our operational efficiency and effectiveness. the charges included the reduction of headcount across the water infrastructure, applied water and measurement and control solutions segments the following is a roll-forward of employee position eliminations associated with restructuring activities for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
additional planned reductions                       454                   203
the following table presents the total costs expected to be incurred, the amount incurred in the period, and the cumulative costs incurred to date for our 2023, 2022 and 2021 restructuring actions:
(in millions)                                       water infrastructure                 applied water                  measurement and control solutions            integrated solutions and services                  corporate                      total actions commenced in 2023:
total expected costs                                        $18                             $16                                         $12                          $7                                                 $34                          $87
costs incurred during 2023                                   15                               6                                          11                 4                                                  35                                     71
total expected costs remaining                               $3                             $10                                          $1                          $3                                                 $(1)                         $16
actions commenced in 2022:
total expected costs                                         $6                              $5                                          $4                          $-                                                 $-                           $15
costs incurred during 2022                                    6                               4                                           4                          -                                                  -                             14
costs incurred during 2023                                    -                               1                                           -                          -                                                  -                              1
total expected costs remaining                               $-                              $-                                          $-                          $-                                                 $-                            $-
actions commenced in 2021:
total expected costs                                         $3                              $-                                          $-                          $-                                                 $-                            $3
costs incurred during 2021                                    3                               -                                           -                          -                                                  -                              3
costs incurred during 2022                                    -                               -                                           -                          -                                                  -                              -
costs incurred during 2023                                    -                               -                                           -                          -                                                  -                              -
total expected costs remaining                               $-                              $-                                          $-                          $-                                                 $-                            $-
the water infrastructure, applied water, measurement and control solutions, integrated solutions and services and corporate actions commenced in 2023 consist primarily of severance charges. the actions are expected to continue through the end of 2024.
the water infrastructure, applied water and measurement and control solutions actions commenced in 2022 consist primarily of severance charges. the actions commenced in 2022 are complete.
the water infrastructure actions commenced in 2021 consist primarily of severance charges. the actions commenced in 2021 are complete.
as a result of the actions initiated in 2023, we achieved savings of approximately $9 million in 2023 and estimate annual future net savings beginning in 2024 of approximately $51 million, resulting in $42 million of incremental savings from 2023 actions.
asset impairment during the fourth quarter of 2023, we determined that internally developed in-process software within our measurement and control solutions segment was impaired as a result of actions taken to prioritize strategic investments and we therefore recognized an impairment charge of $1 million. refer to note 12, "goodwill and other intangible assets," for additional information.
during the third quarter of 2023, we recognized a $1 million impairment charge for certain fixed assets within our measurement and control solutions segment.
during the first quarter of 2023, we determined that internally developed in-process software within our measurement and control solutions segment was impaired as a result of actions taken to prioritize strategic investments and we therefore recognized an impairment charge of $2 million. refer to note 12, "goodwill and other intangible assets," for additional information.
during the third quarter of 2022, we determined that certain assets including software and customer relationships within our measurement and control solutions segment were impaired. accordingly, we recognized an impairment charge of $14 million. refer to note 12,"goodwill and other intangible assets," for additional information.
operating income and adjusted ebitda operating income was $652 million (operating margin of 8.9%) during 2023, an increase of $30 million, or 4.8%, when compared to operating income of $622 million (operating margin of 11.3%) during the prior year. operating margin included unfavorable impacts of 350 basis points from increases in special charges, acquired intangible asset amortization, and restructuring and realignment costs as compared to the prior year. additionally, operating margin included 780 basis points of expansion from favorable operating impacts, consisting of a 370 basis point increase from price realization, 280 basis points from productivity savings and 130 basis points from favorable volume. margin expansion was offset by 670 basis points of unfavorable impacts driven by 310 basis points of inflation, 110 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments, 80 basis points of unfavorable mix, and 50 basis points of increased employee related costs. excluding special charges, acquired intangible asset amortization, and restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating income was $1,072 million (adjusted operating margin of 14.6%) for 2023 as compared to adjusted operating income of $744 million (adjusted operating margin of 13.5%) during the prior year.
adjusted ebitda was $1,392 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 18.9%) during 2023, an increase of $452 million, or 48.1%, when compared to adjusted ebitda of $940 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 17.0%) during the prior year. the increase in adjusted ebitda margin was primarily due to the same factors impacting adjusted operating margin noted above; however, adjusted ebitda was not negatively impacted by the relative impact of depreciation and software amortization expense.
(in millions)                                               2023                   2022                                  change water infrastructure operating income                                        $419                   $418                         0.2               %
operating margin                                        14.1   %               17.7   %                   (360)              bp restructuring and realignment costs                       22                     11                       100.0               %
operating margin                                        16.7   %               14.6   %                     210              bp restructuring and realignment costs                       14                     13                         7.7               %
adjusted operating margin                               17.5   %               15.3   %                     220              bp measurement and control solutions operating income                                        $113                     $2                     5,550.0               %
operating margin                                         6.5   %                0.1   %                     640              bp restructuring and realignment costs                       20                     10                       100.0               %
operating margin                                         1.0   %                  -   %                     100              bp restructuring and realignment costs                       15                      -                              nm           %
restructuring and realignment costs                       35                      -                              nm           %
operating margin                                         8.9   %               11.3   %                   (240)              bp restructuring and realignment costs                      106                     34                       211.8               %
the table below provides a reconciliation of net income to consolidated ebitda and adjusted ebitda:
2023                                                                      2022                                change net income                                  $609                      $355                        72               %
ebitda                                    $1,092                      $710                        54               %
restructuring and realignment                103                        34                       203               %
gain from sale of business                     1                       (1)                     (200)               %
adjusted ebitda                           $1,392                      $940                        48               %
adjusted ebitda margin                      18.9   %                  17.0   %                   190              bp the tables below provide a reconciliation of each segment's operating income (loss) to ebitda and adjusted ebitda:
(in millions)                                          water infrastructure                     applied water systems                     measurement and control solutions                     integrated solutions and services operating income                                              $419                                     $310                                              $113                                                    $8
ebitda                                                        $532                                     $329                                              $248                                                  $138
restructuring and realignment                                   22                                       13                                                18                                                    15
loss/(gain) from sale of business                                -                                        -                                                 1                                                     -
adjusted ebitda                                               $598                                     $346                                              $278                                                  $181
adjusted ebitda margin                                        20.2        %                            18.7         %                                    16.1             %                                    22.2             %
(in millions)                                          water infrastructure                     applied water systems                     measurement and control solutions   integrated solutions services operating income                                              $418                                     $258                                                $2                 $-
(loss)/gain from sale of business                                -                                        -                                                 1                 -
ebitda                                                        $467                                     $275                                              $138                 $-
restructuring and realignment                                   11                                       13                                                10                 -
loss/(gain) from sale of business                                -                                        -                                               (1)                 -
adjusted ebitda                                               $480                                     $292                                              $167                 $-
adjusted ebitda margin                                        20.3        %                            16.5         %                                    12.0             %   nm
(in millions)                                          water infrastructure                     applied water systems                     measurement and control solutions                  integrated solutions and services operating income (loss)                                         $1                                      $52                                              $111                                                 $8
(loss)/gain from sale of business                                -                                        -                                               (1)                                                  -
ebitda                                                         $65                                      $54                                              $110                                               $138
restructuring and realignment                                   11                                        -                                                 8                                                 15
loss/(gain) from sale of business                                -                                        -                                                 2                                                  -
adjusted ebitda                                               $118                                      $54                                              $111                                               $181
adjusted ebitda margin                                       (0.1)        %                             2.2         %                                     4.1             %                                                 nm water infrastructure operating income was $419 million for our water infrastructure segment (operating margin of 14.1%) during 2023, an increase of $1 million, or 0.2%, when compared to operating income of $418 million (operating margin of 17.7%) during the prior year, or a total decrease of 360 basis points of operating margin. operating margin declines included unfavorable impacts of 280 basis points from an increase in acquired intangible asset amortization, special charges and restructuring and realignment costs as compared to the prior year. additionally, operating margin declines included 840 basis points from unfavorable operating impacts, driven by 330 basis points of inflation, 160 basis points of unfavorable mix, 150 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments, 40 basis points of employee-related expenses and 40 basis points of negative operating impact from the impact of the evoqua acquisition. operating margin declines were offset by 760 basis points of favorable impacts, consisting of 420 basis points of price realization, 230 basis points from productivity savings and 110 basis points of favorable volume. excluding acquired intangible asset amortization, special charges and restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating income was $519 million (adjusted operating margin of 17.5%) during 2023 as compared to adjusted operating income of $433 million (adjusted operating margin of 18.3%) during the prior year.
adjusted ebitda was $598 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 20.2%) during 2023, an increase of $118 million, or 24.6%, when compared to adjusted ebitda of $480 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 20.3%) during the prior year. the slight decrease in adjusted ebitda margin was primarily due to the same factors impacting the decrease in adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted ebitda was not negatively impacted by the relative impact of the increase in stock based compensation expense.
applied water operating income was $310 million for our applied water segment (operating margin of 16.7%) during 2023, an increase of $52 million, or 20.2%, when compared to operating income of $258 million (operating margin of 14.6%) during the prior year, or a total increase of 210 basis points of operating margin. operating margin expansion was partially offset by unfavorable impacts of 10 basis points from increases in restructuring and realignment costs as compared to the prior year. operating margin increases included 820 basis points of favorable operating impacts, consisting of 470 basis points of price realization and 350 basis points from productivity savings. margin expansion was partially offset by negative operating impacts of 600 basis points, consisting of 320 basis points of inflation, 100 basis points of unfavorable volume, 80 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments and 50 basis points of increased employee related costs. excluding restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating income was $324 million (adjusted operating margin of 17.5%) during 2023 as compared to adjusted operating income of $271 million (adjusted operating margin of 15.3%) during the prior year.
adjusted ebitda was $346 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 18.7%) during 2023, an increase of $54 million, or 18.5%, when compared to adjusted ebitda of $292 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 16.5%) during the prior year. the increase in adjusted ebitda margin was due to the same factors impacting the increase in adjusted operating margin.
measurement and control solutions operating income was $113 million for our measurement and control solutions (operating margin of 6.5%) during 2023, an increase of $111 million, or 5,550.0%, when compared to operating income of $2 million (operating margin of 0.1%) during the prior year, or a total increase of 640 basis points of operating margin. operating margin increases included favorable impacts of 150 basis points from a decrease in special charges, acquired intangible asset amortization, and restructuring and realignment costs as compared to the prior year. additionally, the operating margin increase included 1,310 basis points from favorable operating impacts consisting of 630 basis points from favorable volume, 350 basis points from productivity savings and 330 basis points of price realization. favorable impacts were partially offset by 820 basis points of unfavorable impacts driven by 370 basis points of inflation, 130 basis points of increased inventory management costs, 70 basis points of unfavorable mix, 70 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments, 40 basis points of increased employee related costs. excluding special charges, acquired intangible asset amortization, and restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating income was $203 million (adjusted operating margin of 11.7%) during 2023 as compared to adjusted operating income of $94 million (adjusted operating margin of 6.8%) during the prior year.
adjusted ebitda was $278 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 16.1%) during 2023, an increase of $111 million, or 66.5%, when compared to adjusted ebitda of $167 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 12.0%) during the prior year. the increase in adjusted ebitda margin was due to the same factors as those impacting the increase in adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted ebitda was not favorably impacted by the relative impact of depreciation and software amortization expense.
integrated solutions and services operating income was $8 million for our integrated solutions and services segment during 2023 (operating margin of 1.0%). excluding amortization of acquired intangible asset amortization, special charges and restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating income was $105 million  (adjusted operating margin of 12.9%).
adjusted ebitda was $181 million for our integrated solutions and services segment during 2023 (adjusted ebitda margin of 22.2%).
corporate and other operating loss for corporate and other increased $142 million, or 253.6%, compared to the prior year. the increase in operating loss for the year was primarily due to higher special charges and restructuring and realignment costs as compared to the prior year. excluding special charges and restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating loss increased $25 million, or 46.3%, compared to the prior year. the increase in adjusted operating loss is primarily related to increased operating expense due to the acquisition of evoqua, increased employee costs and spending on strategic investments.
interest expense interest expense was $49 million and $50 million for 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease in interest expense was primarily driven by a reduction of interest expense incurred during 2022 related to our 2.250% senior notes due 2023 that were paid off in december 2022, and reduced expense generated by cross currency swaps. partially offsetting these items was interest expense on several debt facilities, including a term loan entered into in may 2023 for use in funding the acquisition of evoqua, securitization and equipment financing facilities assumed as part of our acquisition of evoqua. see note 15, "credit facilities and debt", of our consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities and long-term debt and related interest.
income tax expense the income tax provision for 2023 was $26 million at an effective tax rate of 4.1% as compared to $85 million at an effective tax rate of 19.2% in 2022. the 2023 effective tax rate differs from that of 2022 primarily due to the impact of audit settlements and tax rate changes in the current period. see note 7, "income taxes", of our consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities and long-term debt and related interest.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash:
(in millions)                     2023   2022                                          change operating activities          $837                        $596                      $241
investing activities         (628)                       (191)                     (437)
financing activities         (157)                       (790)                       633
foreign exchange (a)            23                        (20)                        43
(a)the favorable impact of foreign exchange as compared to 2022 is primarily due to strengthening of the euro, chinese yuan and the canadian dollar.
sources and uses of liquidity operating activities during 2023, net cash provided by operating activities was $837 million, compared to $596 million in 2022. the $241 million year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher cash earnings and improved working capital driven by reduction of safety stock. these increases were partially offset by the payment of transaction costs associated with the acquisition of evoqua and the investment in a distribution agreement of select technology in 2023, as well as increased payments for taxes and restructuring versus the prior year.
investing activities cash used in investing activities was $628 million in 2023, compared to $191 million in 2022. this increase in cash used of $437 million reflects the acquisition of evoqua, increased capital expenditures and cash paid for equity investments. cash received from the sales of businesses and cash received from the termination of acquired interest rate swaps partially offset these items.
financing activities cash used in financing activities was $157 million in 2023, compared to $790 million in 2022. the year-over-year decrease in cash used was mainly driven by lower debt repayments, with the early payment in december 2022 of the senior notes due in march 2023, cash received from a new term loan facility in 2023, as well as an increase cash received from the exercise of employee stock options and a reduction of repurchases of common stock. higher dividend payments partially offset these items.
funding and liquidity strategy our ability to fund our capital needs depends on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access to bank financing and the capital markets. we continually evaluate aspects of our spending, including capital expenditures, strategic investments and dividends. historically, we have generated operating cash flow sufficient to fund our primary cash needs.
if our cash flows from operations are less than we expect, we may need to incur debt or issue equity. from time to time, we may need to access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. our access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including: (i) our credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, (ii) the liquidity of the overall capital markets, and (iii) the current state of the economy. there can be no assurance that such financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or that such financing will be available at all. our securities are rated investment grade. a significant change in credit rating could impact our ability to borrow at favorable rates. refer to note 15, "credit facilities and debt", of our consolidated financial statements for a description of limitations on obtaining additional funding.
we monitor our global funding requirements and seek to meet our liquidity needs on a cost-effective basis. in addition, our existing committed credit facilities and access to the public debt markets would provide further liquidity if required.
based on our current global cash positions, cash flows from operations and access to the capital markets, we believe there is sufficient liquidity to meet our funding requirements and service debt and other obligations in both the u.s. and outside of the u.s. over the next twelve months. currently, we have available liquidity of approximately $2 billion, consisting of $1 billion of cash and $1 billion of available credit facilities as disclosed in note 15, "credit facilities and debt", of our consolidated financial statements.
contractual obligations material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of debt obligations and related interest payments, lease obligations and unconditional purchase obligations. refer note 15, "credit facilities and debt" and note 11, "leases" of the consolidated financial statements for related to these matters.
the company has future unconditional purchase commitments which are legally binding and that specify all significant terms including price and/or quantity. total future commitments within the next twelve months for these obligations is $438 million, excluding contracts that can be canceled without penalty.
credit facilities and long-term contractual commitments see note 15, "credit facilities and debt" of our consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities and long-term debt.
non-u.s. operations as we continue to grow our operations in the emerging markets and elsewhere outside of the u.s., we expect to continue to generate significant revenue from non-u.s. operations and expect that a substantial portion of our cash will be held by our foreign subsidiaries. we expect to manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. we may transfer cash from certain international subsidiaries to the u.s. and other international subsidiaries when we believe it is cost effective to do so. we continually review our domestic and foreign cash profile, expected future cash generation and investment opportunities and reassess whether there is a need to repatriate funds held internationally to support our u.s. operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements including certain guarantees. for discussion of these arrangements, see note 20, "commitments and contingencies" of the consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are discussed in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of the consolidated financial statements. accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they are inherently uncertain, involve significant judgments, include areas where different estimates reasonably could have been used, and changes in the estimates that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. management believes that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results in these areas could differ from management's estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
revenue recognition. xylem recognizes revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which it expects to be entitled for providing those goods and services. for each arrangement with a customer, we identify the contract and the associated performance obligations within the contract, determine the transaction price of that contract, allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation and recognize revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied.
the satisfaction of performance obligations in a contract is based upon when the customer obtains control over the asset. depending on the nature of the performance obligation, control transfers either at a particular point in time, or over time, which determines the pattern of revenue recognition.
for product sales, other than long-term construction-type contracts, we recognize revenue once control has passed at a point in time, which is generally when products are shipped. in instances where contractual terms include a provision for customer acceptance, revenue is recognized when either (i) we have previously demonstrated that the product meets the specified criteria based on either seller or customer-specified objective criteria or (ii) upon formal acceptance received from the customer where the product has not been previously demonstrated to meet customer-specified objective criteria. we recognize revenue on product sales to channel partners, including resellers, distributors or value-added solution providers, at the point in time when the risks and rewards, possession, and title have transferred to the customer, which usually occurs at the point of delivery.
revenue from performance obligations related to services is primarily recognized over time, as the performance obligations are satisfied. in these instances, the customer consumes the benefit of the service as xylem performs.
certain businesses also enter into long-term construction-type sales contracts where revenue is recognized over time. in these instances, revenue is recognized using a measure of progress that applies the input method based on costs incurred in relation to total estimated costs. we also recognize revenue for certain of these arrangements using the output method and measure progress based on shipments of product where control has transferred to the customer.
for all contracts with customers, we determine the transaction price in the arrangement and allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation identified in the contract. judgment is required to determine the appropriate unit of account, and we separate out the performance obligations if they are capable of being distinct and are distinct within the context of the contract. the transaction price is adjusted for our estimate of variable consideration, which may include a right of return, discounts, rebates, penalties and retainage. to estimate variable consideration, we apply the expected value method or the most likely amount method, based on whichever method most appropriately predicts the amount of consideration we expect to be entitled to. the method applied is typically based on historical experience and known trends. we constrain the amounts of variable consideration that are included in the transaction price, to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur or when uncertainties around the variable consideration are resolved.
income taxes. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, applying enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the differences will reverse. based on the evaluation of available evidence, we recognize future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that we believe it is more likely than not we will realize these benefits. we periodically assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets and reflect any changes to our estimate of the amount we are more likely than not to realize in the valuation allowance, with a corresponding adjustment to earnings or other comprehensive income, as appropriate.
in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we look to the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, taxable income in carryback years and the feasibility of tax planning strategies and estimated future taxable income. the valuation allowance can be affected by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and changes to future taxable income estimates.
we have recorded net foreign withholding taxes and state income taxes on earnings that are expected to be repatriated to the u.s. parent. we have not recorded any deferred taxes on the amounts that the company currently does not intend to repatriate. the determination of deferred taxes on this amount is not practicable.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. we recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. furthermore, we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if based on the technical merits of the position it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities or upon completion of the litigation process. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution.
we adjust our liability for uncertain tax positions in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional tax expense would result. if a payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary.
business combinations. we record acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting. all of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, contractual contingencies and contingent consideration is recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. the application of the purchase method of accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration between assets that are depreciated and amortized from goodwill. these assumptions and estimates include a market participant's use of the asset and the appropriate discount rates for a market participant. our estimates are based on historical experience, information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and, when appropriate, includes assistance from independent third-party appraisal firms. significant assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future, the cost to build/recreate certain technology, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset. these estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. in addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates.
goodwill and intangible assets. we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. we also review the carrying value of our finite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment when impairment indicators arise. we conduct our annual impairment test as of the first day of the fourth quarter. for goodwill, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that reporting unit. if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired. if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then an impairment charge is recognized for that excess up to the amount of recorded goodwill. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using an income approach based on the discounted value of estimated cash flows. our projected cash flows are discounted using weighted costs of capital and are derived using revenue growth rates and operating margin estimates, taking into consideration industry and market conditions. in instances where we have completed an acquisition shortly before our annual impairment assessment we perform a qualitative assessment to determine if a quantitative assessment is necessary. we estimate the fair value of our intangible assets with indefinite lives using either the income approach or the market approach. under the income approach, we calculate fair value based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. under the market approach, we calculate fair value based on recent sales and selling prices of similar assets.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, particularly related to future operating results and cash flows. these estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, assumed royalty rates, future economic and market conditions and identification of appropriate market comparable data. in addition, the identification of reporting units and the allocation of assets and liabilities to the reporting units when determining the carrying value of each reporting unit also require judgment. goodwill is tested for impairment at either the operating segment level identified in note 21, "segment and geographic data," of the consolidated financial statements, or one level below. the fair values of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets are based on estimates and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable. significant changes to these estimates and assumptions could adversely impact our conclusions. actual future results may differ from those estimates.
the risks around impairment of our assets are included in our risk factor disclosures referenced under "item 1a. risk factors".
during the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined that our goodwill reporting units either did not need to be assessed quantitatively or the estimated fair values of our goodwill reporting units were substantially in excess of each of their carrying values. however, future goodwill impairment tests could result in a charge to earnings. we will continue to evaluate goodwill on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter and whenever events and changes in circumstances require us to do so. we determined that no material impairment of the indefinite-lived intangibles existed as of the measurement date in 2023. however, future indefinite-lived intangible impairment tests could result in a charge to earnings. we will continue to evaluate indefinite-lived intangibles on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter and whenever events and changes in circumstances indicate there may be a potential impairment.
post-retirement benefit plans. company employees around the world participate in numerous defined benefit plans. the determination of projected benefit obligations and the recognition of expenses related to these plans are dependent on various assumptions. these assumptions primarily relate to discount rates, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, mortality, years of service and other factors (some of which are disclosed in note 16, "post-retirement benefit plans," of the consolidated financial statements). actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized on a straight-line basis only to the extent they exceed 10% of the higher of the market-related value or projected benefit obligation, over the average remaining service period of active plan participants, or for plans with all or substantially all inactive participants, over the average remaining life expectancy.
significant assumptions management develops each assumption using relevant company experience, in conjunction with market-related data for each individual country in which such plans exist. all assumptions are reviewed annually with third-party consultants and are adjusted as necessary. the table below provides the weighted average assumptions used to estimate our defined benefit pension obligations and costs as of and for the years ended 2023 and 2022.
u.s.                int'l                 u.s.                int'l benefit obligation assumptions discount rate                                      5.00   %             3.55   %             5.25   %             4.13   %
net periodic benefit cost assumptions discount rate                                      5.25   %             4.13   %             3.00   %             1.55   %
expected long-term return on plan assets           6.00   %             5.85   %             5.50   %             2.79   %
nm    not meaningful. the pension benefits for future service for all the u.s. pension plans are based on years of service and not impacted by future compensation increases.
we determine the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by evaluating both historical returns and estimates of future returns. specifically, the company analyzes the estimated future returns based on independent estimates of asset class returns and evaluates historical broad market returns over long-term timeframes based on the strategic asset allocation, which is detailed in note 16, "post-retirement benefit plans" of the consolidated financial statements.
for the recognition of net periodic pension cost, the calculation of the expected return on plan assets is generally derived by applying the expected long-term rate of return to the market-related value of plan assets. the market-related value of plan assets is based on average asset values at the measurement date over the last five years. the use of fair value, rather than a calculated value, could materially affect net periodic pension cost. the weighted average expected long-term rate of return for all of our plan assets to be used in determining net periodic benefit costs for 2024 is estimated at 5.84%. we estimate that every 25 basis point change in the expected return on plan assets impacts the expense by less than $1 million.
the discount rate reflects our expectation of the present value of expected future cash payments for benefits at the measurement date. a decrease in the discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations and increases pension expense. we base the discount rate assumption on current investment yields of high-quality fixed income investments during the retirement benefits maturity period. the pension discount rate was determined by considering an interest rate yield curve comprising aaa/aa bonds, with maturities between zero and 30 years, developed by the plan's actuaries. annual benefit payments are then discounted to present value using this yield curve to develop a single-point discount rate matching the plan's characteristics. our weighted average discount rate for all pension plans effective january 1, 2024, is 3.79%. we estimate that every 25 basis point change in the discount rate impacts the expense by less than $1 million.
the rate of future compensation increase assumption reflects our long-term actual experience and future and near-term outlook. effective january 1, 2024, our expected rate of future compensation increase is 2.99% for all pension plans. the estimated impact of a 25 basis point change in the expected rate of future compensation is less than $1 million.
we currently anticipate making contributions to our pension and post-retirement benefit plans in the range of $31 million to $37 million during 2024. approximately $8 million of contributions are expected to be made in the first quarter.
funded status funded status is derived by subtracting the respective year-end values of the projected benefit obligations from the fair value of plan assets. we estimate that every 25 basis point change in the discount rate impacts the funded status by approximately $9 million.
fair value of plan assets the plan assets of our pension plans comprise a broad range of investments, including domestic and foreign equity securities, interests in hedge funds, fixed income investments, insurance contracts, and cash and cash equivalents.
a portion of our pension benefit plan assets portfolio comprises investments in hedge funds that are generally measured at net asset value. however, in certain instances, the values reported by the asset managers were not current at the measurement date. accordingly, we made estimate adjustments to the last reported value where necessary to measure the assets at fair value at the measurement date. these adjustments consider information received from the asset managers, as well as general market information. the adjustment recorded at december 31, 2023 and 2022 for these assets represented less than 1% of total plan assets in each respective year. asset values for other positions were generally measured using market observable prices. we estimate that a 5.00% change in asset values will impact funded status by approximately $11 million.
new accounting pronouncements see note 2, "recently issued accounting pronouncements," of the consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
2024 business outlook we anticipate total revenue growth in the range of 14% to 15% in 2024, with organic revenue growth anticipated to be in the range of 3% to 5%. the following is a summary of the 2024 organic revenue outlook by segment.
•in the water infrastructure segment, we expect organic revenue growth in the mid-single-digits in 2024, driven by our mission-critical applications, as well as strong capital project demand. we will continue to monitor softness within china.
•in the applied water segment, we expect organic revenue declines in the low-single-digits in 2024, due to decreased demand in the industrial and buildings solutions applications and headwinds due to normalizing backlog levels.
•we expect measurement and control solutions segment organic revenue growth in the low-double-digits in 2024, supported by our strong backlog. we expect demand for our ami solutions to remain strong in 2024. additionally, we have a positive outlook in our test and measurement businesses.
•we expect organic revenue growth in the mid-single-digits in the integrated solutions and services segment in 2024, driven by growth in our capital and service businesses and our strong backlog.
effective january 1, 2024, we unified our integrated solutions and services segment, the dewatering business within our water infrastructure segment and the assessment services business within our measurement and control solutions segment to form a new segment called water solutions and services. certain recast financial information for the new reportable segments will be provided in the first quarter of 2024.
the integration of evoqua is on track with our integration plan, and we will continue to strategically execute restructuring and realignment actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure, improve our operational efficiency and effectiveness, strengthen our competitive positioning and better serve our customers. during 2023, we incurred $72 million and $34 million in restructuring and realignment costs, respectively. during 2024, we currently expect to incur between $50 million and $70 million in restructuring and realignment costs.
we are strongly positioned to deliver on our 2024 commitments with commercial and operational momentum. our comprehensive platform provides critical solutions in our largest end markets. our 2024 commitments are supported by robust backlog, resilient end markets, and recurring service revenue to support growth. beyond 2024, we remain on track to deliver our longer-term strategic and financial milestones.