Amgen's approach to and investment in human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines. Our compensation, benefits and development programs are designed to encourage performance, promote accountability and adherence to company values, and align with the interests of the company's shareholders. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. We are continuously monitoring the possible impacts from health-related events, including changes from new COVID-19 variants; we are working to mitigate effects on future study enrollment in our clinical trials; and we are evaluating the impact in all relevant countries. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We accomplished these objectives while maintaining a strategic and disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must grow sales from existing and new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses from when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. Uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including higher inflation, rising interest rates and instability in the financial system, as well as rising healthcare costs continue to pose challenges to our business. Additionally, ongoing geopolitical conflicts continue to create additional uncertainty in global macroeconomic conditions. Our product sales were affected by reduced demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the cumulative decrease in diagnoses over the course of the pandemic suppressed the volume of new patients starting treatment, which continues to impact the business. Given the unpredictable nature of future virus surges, there could be similar intermittent disruptions in the future in physician-patient interactions. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. We also face increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Our approach to capital allocation reflects our desire to optimize our cost of capital and our confidence in the future cash flows of our business. The timing and amount of future dividends and stock repurchases will vary based on a number of factors, including future capital requirements for strategic transactions, debt levels and debt service requirements, our credit rating, availability of financing on acceptable terms, changes to applicable tax laws or corporate laws, changes to our business model and periodic determination by our board of directors that cash dividends and/or stock repurchases are in the best interests of stockholders. We believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditure and debt service requirements as well as our plans to reduce debt, pay dividends and repurchase stock, and other business initiatives we plan to strategically pursue, including acquisitions and licensing activities. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, borrowings through commercial paper and/or syndicated credit facilities, and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets.