Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows. We seek to increase unit sales across our stores through increased product selection, across numerous product categories. To increase sales of products and services, we focus on improving all aspects of the customer experience, including lowering prices, improving availability, offering faster delivery and performance times, increasing selection, producing original content, and improving reliability. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, and costs necessary to run AWS. We expect variability in inventory turnover over time since it is affected by numerous factors, including our product mix, supply chain disruptions, and the extent to which we choose to utilize third-party fulfillment providers. We seek to efficiently manage shareholder dilution while maintaining the flexibility to issue shares for strategic purposes. We believe that our increasing diversification beyond the U.S. economy through our growing international businesses benefits our shareholders over the long term. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, or enter into financing obligations to strengthen our financial position. We expect spending in technology and infrastructure will increase over time as we add employees and enhance our systems and operations. Our technology and infrastructure investment and capital spending projects support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and infrastructure, including AWS, to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We expect our cost of shipping to continue to increase as we offer additional services and seek to mitigate costs over time through achieving higher sales volumes and optimizing our fulfillment network. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties. The increase in operating income in 2023, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased unit sales and advertising sales, partially offset by increased shipping and fulfillment costs. The decrease in international operating loss in absolute dollars in 2023 is primarily due to increased unit sales and advertising sales, partially offset by increased fulfillment and shipping costs. We believe that advances in technology will continue to improve users' experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We seek to enhance the customer experience through rapid technology developments while operating at an ever-increasing scale. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services. The increase in operating cash flow in 2023 was due to an increase in net income, excluding non-cash expenses, and changes in working capital. We believe that cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next twelve months. However, any projections of future cash needs and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. We expect some or all of these macroeconomic factors to continue to impact our operations into the future.