We are experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of production quality issues, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The airline financial performance, which influences demand for new capacity, has benefited from the resilient demand for travel. The international air transport association (IATA) is estimating 2023 industry-wide profit of $23.3 billion, primarily driven by North America, Europe, and the Middle East. The overall outlook continues to stabilize as we face uncertainties in the environment in the near- to medium-term as airlines are facing persistently high and volatile cost of fuel and tight labor conditions. The global economy is expecting an easing of inflation and interest rates, with regional economic and geopolitical difficulties adding uncertainty to the outlook and the financial viability of some airlines and regions. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. We expect commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry has largely recovered and transitions to growth. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable. The commercial aircraft market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. The current conflict in Israel and the Gaza Strip has the potential to impact certain of our suppliers and has impacted some operations for our airline and lessor customers. We are closely monitoring developments, supporting our employees and customers, and will take mitigating actions as appropriate. Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Some of our development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis. A number of our ongoing fixed-price development programs have reach-forward losses. Risk remains that we may be required to record additional reach-forward losses in future periods. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, certification, and production schedules. We continue to see stable demand reflecting the important role our products and services have in ensuring our national security. We expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets. Our credit ratings were downgraded in 2020 and remained unchanged as of December 31, 2023. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure. We are committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, safety, quality, efficiency, and value to customers around the world. The demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of aircraft continues to grow. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering and upgrades; training and professional services; and data analytics and digital services. We continue to monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs, trade agreements, or sanctions that may impact the company.