The company continues to invest for growth, including investing in generative AI across all products, which we believe will change how our customers help their customers, and continuously look to expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers, and expanding our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth levers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. In addition to our focus on top line growth levers, we are also focused on reducing our operating expenses to improve our operating margin. For example, in January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins, and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth. The restructuring plan included a reduction of our workforce by approximately ten percent and office space reductions within certain markets, both of which were substantially complete as of the first quarter of fiscal 2024. We have started to see improvements in our operating expenses across all operating categories, with the most opportunity in sales and marketing expense and general and administrative expenses. Over the long term, we expect to see additional operating expense improvements, which could include various restructuring initiatives to drive operational efficiencies. We continue to experience elongated sales cycles, additional deal approval layers, and deal compression. Slower growth in new and renewal business, particularly if sustained, impacts our remaining performance obligation, revenues, and our ability to meet financial guidance and long-term targets. The expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. We believe that our professional services organization facilitates the adoption of our service offerings, helps us to secure larger subscription revenue contracts, and supports our customers' success. Our strategy may continue to change related to these investments, and we may slow the pace of our investments. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure, including offices, information technology, and data centers, as well as investments with infrastructure service providers, to provide capacity for the growth of our business, we expect approximately $100 million to $125 million in future cash payments related to our restructuring initiatives, primarily related to workforce costs such as severance payments. We aim to maintain our public commitments with the highest standards of integrity and transparency and enable compliance with global ESG regulations. Our ESG disclosures are also informed by relevant topics identified through ESG relevancy assessments and third-party ESG reporting organizations, frameworks, and standards. We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. By focusing on environmental, social, and governance excellence, we strive to be a leading example of an ethical, resilient company delivering value to stakeholders now and in the future.