We operate in a complex and evolving global security environment. Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the current needs of our customers and the future requirements of 21st century security. We are focused on enhancing the performance and value of our platforms and products for our customers, which aims to make defense forces more agile, adaptive, and unpredictable. Key to enabling the success of our strategy is developing differentiating technologies, forging strategic partnerships, and executing on our multi-year business transformation initiative to enhance our digital infrastructure and increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers, which includes independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. Our business and financial performance is affected by general economic conditions, and we continue to experience supply chain challenges, including supplier shortages and performance issues, which have delayed certain customer deliveries and adversely impacted our performance. We remain committed to our ongoing efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the cost competitiveness and affordability of our products and services, which may offset cost increases from inflation. We are engaged in significant classified development programs and expect to begin the transition from development to production over the next few years. Our international business is a key component of our strategic plan, and we continue to focus on strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and equity investments. Our talent and culture underpin our ability to execute our strategy, and we invest substantially in our people to ensure that our workforce has the technical skills necessary to succeed. We also will continue to evaluate our portfolio and will make strategic acquisitions or divestitures, as appropriate, while deepening our connection to the commercial industry through cooperative partnerships, joint ventures, and equity investments. The impact of any government shutdown is uncertain; however, if it were to occur and continue for an extended period, we could be at risk of reduced orders, program cancellations, schedule delays, production halts, and other disruptions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We anticipate the federal budget will continue to be subject to debate and compromise shaped by heightened political tensions, the global security environment, inflationary pressures, and macroeconomic conditions, which may result in shifting funding priorities that could have material impacts on defense spending broadly and our programs. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities. We continue to evaluate the recoverability of our assets for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery by assessing various factors, including U.S. government regulations and our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs.