Beginning in 2022, we initiated several measures to pursue greater efficiency and to realign our business and strategic priorities. As of December 31, 2023, we have completed the data center initiatives and the employee layoffs, and substantially completed the facilities consolidation initiatives. Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. Our advertising revenue has been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We are continually working to evolve our advertising systems to improve the performance of our ad products. We are developing privacy-enhancing technologies to deliver relevant ads and measurement capabilities while reducing the amount of personal information we process. We are also engaging with others across our industry to explore the possibility of new open standards for the private and secure processing of data for advertising purposes. We expect that some of these efforts will be long-term initiatives, and that the legislative, regulatory, and platform developments described above will continue to adversely impact our advertising revenue for the foreseeable future. Other global and regional business, macroeconomic, and geopolitical conditions also have had, and we believe will continue to have, an impact on our user growth and engagement and advertising revenue. We are investing in reels and in AI initiatives across our products, including our AI-powered discovery engine to recommend relevant content, which we have already seen results in improved user engagement and monetization of our products. We expect our RL operating losses to increase meaningfully in 2024. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative, and our ability to support our metaverse efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance our future capital requirements. We believe that free cash flow is one of the key financial indicators of our business performance over the long term and provides useful information regarding how cash provided by operating activities compares to the property and equipment investments required to maintain and grow our business. We anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $30 billion to $37 billion in 2024. We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax, or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount of loss. The ultimate outcome of these matters, such as whether the likelihood of loss is remote, reasonably possible, or probable or if and when the reasonably possible range of loss is estimable, is inherently uncertain. We regularly evaluate a variety of sources to understand trends in our advertising revenue, but we do not have perfect visibility into the factors driving advertiser spending decisions.