The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles, which has resulted in fluctuations in revenues in advance of and during device launches. The decrease in revenues in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to lower handset revenues, driven by the negative effects of the macroeconomic environment weakness and customers drawing down on their elevated inventory levels. We expect certain customers will continue to draw down on their inventory, which will continue to have a negative impact on our revenues, results of operations, and cash flows. This dynamic, along with weaker consumer demand for smartphones and other devices, contributes to the inherent uncertainties in estimating future customer demand. We have initiated certain restructuring actions to enable investments in key growth and diversification opportunities, which are expected to be substantially completed in the first half of fiscal 2024. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and may continue to challenge our business model. Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, which we believe will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. We monitor our investments for events or circumstances that could indicate impairment, including those that result from observable price adjustments, considering the investee's financial and liquidity position and business forecasts. The impact of changes in our critical accounting estimates could be material to our consolidated financial statements. We measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value, considering judgments and estimates related to future customer demand and other market conditions. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and licensing to sustain and grow our business long term. We expect continued intense competition, including from vertical integration by certain of our customers. We face difficulties in evaluating or estimating likely outcomes or the amount of possible loss in certain legal and regulatory proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly. Further, regulatory authorities in certain jurisdictions have investigated our business practices and instituted proceedings against us, which may continue to have implications for our operations.