Throughout 2023, the company continued its diligent approach to balance sheet management and sought to prioritize flexibility. The financial performance during 2023 reflected the challenges of navigating a market environment shaped by the federal reserve's interest rate tightening policy and the follow-on effects stemming from the regional banking crisis beginning in March. The company has made significant progress in its integration of TD Ameritrade, transitioning approximately $1.6 trillion in client assets across more than 15 million client accounts, including 7,000 RIAs, from TD Ameritrade to the Schwab platform. The integration work included evaluating new or changed risks impacting the combined company and taking action through various means. The company expects to achieve the vast majority of the remaining estimated cost synergies by the end of 2024, with anticipated full-year synergy realization beginning in 2025. The company has taken incremental actions to streamline its operations to prepare for post-integration, including through position eliminations and decreasing its real estate footprint. The company anticipates total exit and related costs, primarily related to employee compensation and benefits and facility exit costs, of approximately $500 million. The company has established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. The company has established limits and contingency funding plans to support liquidity levels during both business as usual and stressed conditions. Schwab's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of its critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident regardless of duration, Schwab maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. The risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk response, risk measurement and monitoring, and risk reporting and escalation. The company has established a system of internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep operational risk and operational losses within the company's risk appetite. The company regularly reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements for reasonableness and adequacy. The company's risk appetite, which is defined as the amount of risk the company is willing to accept in pursuit of its corporate strategy, is developed by executive management and approved by the board of directors. The company has a comprehensive capital contingency plan to provide action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the company might face. The capital contingency plan is designed to provide a framework for responding to any capital stress. The results of the stress testing indicate there are two scenarios which could stress the company's capital: inflows of balance sheet cash during a period of very low interest rates and outflows of balance sheet cash when other sources of financing are not available. The company has developed an adjusted tier 1 leverage ratio, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that includes AOCI in the ratio. The primary component of AOCI for Schwab is unrealized gains and losses on the AFS investment securities portfolio and on securities transferred from AFS to the HTM category.