TJX provides projections and other forward-looking statements in the following discussions particularly relating to our future financial performance. Our results are subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any such forward-looking statements. Applicable risks and uncertainties include, among others, those described in part I, item 1A, risk factors, as well as other information we file with the SEC. We operate over 4,900 stores through our four main segments. Our mission is to deliver great value to our customers every day. We do this by selling a rapidly changing assortment of apparel, home fashions and other merchandise at prices generally 20% to 60% below full-price retailers' regular prices on comparable merchandise, every day through our stores and six e-commerce sites. The increase in net sales reflects a 6% increase from comp store sales, a 2% increase from the estimated impact of the 53rd week and a 1% increase from non-comp store sales. The increase in comp store sales for fiscal 2024 was driven by an increase in customer transactions. Segment profit margin increased to 13.8% for fiscal 2024 compared to a segment profit margin of 12.7% for fiscal 2023. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by higher merchandise margin, partially offset by incremental store wage and payroll costs and higher incentive compensation costs. Our operating cash flows increased by $2 billion compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to a $1 billion increase in net income, a $466 million increase in accrued expenses reflecting higher incentive compensation costs and a $461 million change in merchandise inventories net of accounts payable. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2025 will be in the range of approximately $2.0 billion to $2.1 billion, including approximately $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion for our offices and distribution centers to support growth. We plan to fund these expenditures with our existing cash balances and through internally generated funds. The increase in general corporate expense for fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by higher incentive and share-based compensation costs and a contribution to TJX's U.S. charitable foundation. Our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented, as needed, by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. As of February 3, 2024, we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds and our credit facilities are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. We monitor debt financing markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may incur additional long-term indebtedness depending on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, existing economic conditions and other factors. The increase in comp store sales was driven by an increase in customer transactions, partially offset by a decrease in average basket. The increase in segment profit margin for fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by higher merchandise margin, due to lower freight costs, partially offset by incremental store wage and payroll costs, costs related to the closing of our homegoods e-commerce business and higher incentive compensation costs. The increase in net sales reflects a 3% increase in comp store sales, a 2% increase from the estimated impact of the 53rd week and a 1% increase in non-comp store sales. The increase in comp store sales was driven by an increase in customer transactions. The increase for fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by favorable supply chain costs and higher merchandise margin, partially offset by higher incentive compensation and administrative costs. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by higher merchandise margin, reflecting lower freight costs and higher markon. We expect to add approximately 45 Marmaxx net new stores and 26 new Sierra stores, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 2%.