Since 2020, the life sciences solutions and specialty diagnostics segments, as well as the laboratory products business, have supported COVID-19 diagnostic testing, scaling and evolving their molecular diagnostics solutions and plastic consumables businesses to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. The biosciences and bioproduction businesses have expanded their capacity to meet the needs of pharma and biotech customers as they have expanded their own production volumes to meet global vaccine manufacturing requirements. Additionally, our pharma services business has provided our pharma and biotech customers with the services they needed to develop and produce vaccines and therapies globally. The company continues to execute its proven growth strategy which consists of three pillars: high-impact innovation, our trusted partner status with customers, and our unparalleled commercial engine. This strategy reflects the company's ability to adapt and respond effectively to environmental disruptions, maintaining operational continuity and performance under pressure. During 2023, growth from pharma and biotech customers slightly declined, but was partially offset through strong commercial execution as a result of our trusted partner status with customers in this market. We saw broad-based strength across the academic and government market as we experienced the benefits of our accelerated investments into high-impact innovation with great customer adoption and strong demand globally. The diagnostics and healthcare market declined due to decreased demand for COVID-19 testing products. The company estimates that restructuring actions resulting in charges of approximately $0.2 billion in 2023 will realize annual cost savings of approximately $0.5 billion, primarily due to reduced employee expenses. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, research and development projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The company's management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits, indicating an ongoing focus on maintaining operational effectiveness amid external pressures. The increase in segment income margin in various segments resulted primarily from strong productivity improvements and strong pricing realization to address higher inflation, demonstrating the company's resilience strategies. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months. The company also uses its non-U.S. cash for needs outside of the U.S., including acquisitions, capacity expansion, and repayment of third-party foreign debt by foreign subsidiaries, which reflects its strategic response to operational flexibility and resource management. The company has a revolving credit facility that provides up to $5.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit, ensuring liquidity and resilience in financial management. The company's ability to foresee and confront challenges is further evidenced by its proactive measures in managing legal proceedings and related matters, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position and results of operations. The company has entered into agreements to acquire new businesses, reflecting its commitment to strategic adaptation and growth in response to market demands.