We design and manufacture semiconductors that we sell to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. Our strategy to maximize long-term free cash flow per share growth has three elements: a great business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products and built around four sustainable competitive advantages, discipline in allocating capital to the best opportunities, and efficiency, which means constantly striving for more output for every dollar spent. Together, these competitive advantages help position us in a unique class of companies capable of generating and returning significant amounts of cash for our owners. We make our investments with an eye towards long-term strengthening and leveraging of these advantages. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes, and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products, and we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling our products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best long-term growth opportunities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our cash flow from operations underscored the strength of our business model, the quality of our product portfolio, and the benefit of production. We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets us apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation, and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. Additional sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and access to debt markets. We also have a variable-rate, revolving credit facility. As we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity planning, our capital expenditures are expected to continue to be higher than historical levels. We expect to receive the cash benefit associated with the investment tax credit for qualifying capital expenditures in future periods, and we have submitted applications for the manufacturing grants provided by the legislation. Our results of operations provide details of our financial results and year-to-year comparisons. Revenue decreased primarily due to lower revenue from analog, partially offset by higher revenue from embedded processing. Operating profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue and higher manufacturing costs. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on an estimate of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. Actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates and calculations used to determine valuation allowances due to changes in customer demand, customer negotiations, technology shifts, and other factors. We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability, and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance.