During fiscal 2023, certain U.S. banks failed, which caused volatility in the global financial markets; however, these events did not have an impact on our operating results. We continuously monitor and manage balance sheet and operational risks from clients in our portfolio, including their settlement obligations. The continuing effects of the liquidity issues at certain financial institutions and the war in Ukraine are difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact on our business. Our net revenues increased primarily due to the year-over-year growth in nominal cross-border volume, processed transactions, and nominal payments volume, partially offset by higher client incentives. Service revenues increased primarily due to growth in nominal payments volume and due to business mix, despite the impact of our suspension of operations in Russia. Data processing revenues increased primarily due to growth in processed transactions, select pricing modifications, and growth in value-added services. We have established policies and control procedures which seek to ensure that estimates and assumptions are appropriately governed and applied consistently from period to period. Our liquidity position is assessed continuously, and we believe that our current and projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity needs for more than the next 12 months. We maintain and regularly review global settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. We recorded additional accruals to address claims associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation, reflecting our proactive measures in crisis management. We also made deposits into the U.S. litigation escrow account to address claims associated with ongoing litigation. Our investment portfolio is designed to invest cash in securities that enable us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs, and we will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions. The amount of indemnification is limited to the amount of unsettled Visa payment transactions at any point in time. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment. Our operational flexibility is demonstrated through our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and our strategic initiatives, including the pending acquisition of Pismo Holdings, which aims to enhance our capabilities in cloud-native issuer processing and core banking. Our organizational practices emphasize resilience through continuous monitoring and adaptation to external pressures, ensuring that we can maintain operational continuity and performance under pressure. We recognize the importance of stakeholder engagement and inter-organizational collaboration in fostering an environment conducive to organizational resilience. The strategic response to environmental disruptions is integral to our business strategy, as we aim to foresee and confront challenges while maintaining a focus on growth and sustainability. Our operational management practices are designed to enhance our organizational effectiveness and adaptability in the face of adversity, thereby supporting our long-term objectives for performance maintenance and organizational evolution.