In our digital media segment, we are a market leader with creative cloud, our subscription-based offering which provides desktop tools, mobile apps and cloud-based services for designing, creating and publishing rich and immersive content. Creative cloud delivers value with deep, cross-product integration, frequent product updates and feature enhancements, cloud-enabled services including storage and syncing of files across users' machines, machine learning and artificial intelligence, access to marketplace, social and community-based features with our adobe stock and behance services, app creation capabilities, tools which assist with enterprise deployments and team collaboration, and affordable pricing for cost-sensitive customers. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that are designed to accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. In our digital experience segment, we are a market leader in the fast-growing category addressed by our digital experience segment. The Adobe Experience Cloud applications, services and platform are designed to manage customer journeys, enable shoppable experiences and deliver intelligence for businesses of any size in any industry. Our differentiation and competitive advantage is strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to connect our comprehensive set of solutions. We help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We utilize a direct sales force to market and license our digital experience solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners, including marketing agencies, systems integrators and independent software vendors that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our financial results for fiscal 2021 benefited from an extra week in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 due to our 52/53 week financial calendar. Total digital media ARR of approximately $12.24 billion as of December 3, 2021 increased by $1.98 billion, or 19%, from $10.26 billion as of November 27, 2020. The change in our digital media ARR was primarily due to new user adoption of our creative cloud and document cloud offerings. Digital experience revenue was $3.87 billion in fiscal 2021, up from $3.13 billion in fiscal 2020 which represents 24% year-over-year growth. Driving this increase was the increase in subscription revenue across our offerings which grew to $3.38 billion in fiscal 2021 from $2.66 billion in fiscal 2020, representing 27% year-over-year growth. We expect that the addition of Workfront, and continued demand across our portfolio of digital experience solutions, will drive revenue growth in future years. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We will continue to focus on long-term opportunities available in our end markets and make significant investments in the development of our subscription and service offerings, applications and tools. Our success in driving growth in ARR has positively affected our revenue growth. The increases were primarily due to subscription revenue growth associated with our creative cloud and document cloud offerings. Overall, our strategy is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream.