The pandemic caused by the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the numerous measures implemented by government authorities in response have impacted and likely will continue to impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Malaysia, Thailand, China, and India. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting employee travel and modifying employee work locations. While we are confident that our strategy and long-term contingency planning have positioned us well to weather the current uncertainty, we cannot at this time fully quantify or forecast the impact of COVID-19 on our business. The acquisition of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. on August 26, 2021, has expanded our capabilities, particularly in the areas of technology resources and innovation. The acquisition is expected to enhance our operational efficiency and support our business transformation efforts. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. Therefore, we expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 was primarily a result of higher net income and an increase from changes in working capital. The increase in accounts receivable for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 was primarily the result of the acquisition as well as normal variations in the timing of collections and billings. Our inventory levels are impacted by our need to support forecasted sales demand and variations between those forecasts and actual demand. The increase in cash provided by (used for) investing activities during fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 was primarily the result of cash received from the acquisition, partially offset by an increase in cash used for capital expenditures. We expect capital expenditures for fiscal 2022 to be between 6% and 8% of revenue, which is above our historical levels primarily due to our plans to expand internal manufacturing capacity. Our cash and cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, including money market funds. We maintain these balances with high credit quality counterparties, continually monitor the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer, and diversify our investments in order to minimize our credit risk. The terms of the revolving credit agreement impose restrictions on our ability to undertake certain transactions and to create certain liens on assets. As of October 30, 2021, we had $6.8 billion of carrying value outstanding on our debt. The accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets and the fair value of contingent payment obligations. We record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. We generally determine the fair value of the contingent consideration using the income approach methodology of valuation. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration can result from changes in assumed discount periods and rates, and from changes pertaining to the achievement of the defined milestones. Our judgments regarding future profitability may change due to future market conditions, changes in U.S. or international tax laws, and other factors. The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements.