Both Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. have accelerated investments in digital initiatives designed to improve productivity, efficiency, and customer service over the long term. Aflac Japan continues to evaluate its operational capabilities and anticipates that the remote configuration could remain for an indefinite period of time without materially impacting operations. The company remains focused on generating new business from existing and prospective customers through direct mail and digital methods. Aflac U.S. has accelerated investments in digital initiatives designed to improve long-term productivity, efficiency, and customer service. The company is in its third year of building out its business in the consumer markets channel for the digital direct-to-consumer sale of insurance, and sales made through that platform have continued to grow. The company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition, and diverse distribution in Japan and the U.S. will provide support toward these objectives. The company has committed to maintaining strong capital ratios in Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. in support of its commitment to shareholder dividends while remaining tactical in its deployment of capital in the form of share repurchases and opportunistic investments. The company intends to maintain a minimum SMR of 500% for Aflac Japan and a target minimum RBC of approximately 400% for Aflac, consistent with the company's risk management practices. The company has also advanced the modernization of its actuarial technology platform to enhance its modeling, data management, experience study, and analytical capabilities, increase the end-to-end automation of key reporting and analytical processes, and optimize its control framework. The global information security program includes a cybersecurity incident response plan designed to provide a management framework across company functions for a coordinated assessment and response to potential security incidents. The company has established a robust governance framework and a plan to support the implementation of updated accounting standards, which will significantly change how insurers account for long-duration contracts. The company expects that the adoption of the new accounting guidance will affect its financial statements under U.S. GAAP but will not impact financial statements for Aflac Japan under FSA requirements or for Aflac U.S. under applicable statutory requirements. The company continues to evaluate the impact of adoption and anticipates that the requirement to update assumptions for liability for future policy benefits will have a significant impact on its results of operations, systems, processes, and controls. The company is committed to maintaining strong capital levels throughout the pandemic, consistent with maintaining current insurance financial strength and credit ratings. The company believes that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements and plans for cash, including material cash requirements from known contractual obligations and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.