We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients, and we do not assume net underwriting risks. We expect that our international revenue as a percentage of our total revenues in 2022 will increase compared to 2021, in part due to our acquisition of the Willis Towers Watson PLC treaty reinsurance brokerage operations. Our ability to generate additional tax credits from our Section 45 clean energy investments ended in December 2021. We have experienced significant expense savings as a result of reduced travel, entertainment, and advertising expenses, as well as reduced use of external consultants. We have seen increases in travel and entertainment, full restoration of advertising, and more normalized usage of our employee medical plan, along with continued investment in cybersecurity. Our risk management segment operations provide contract claim settlement, claim administration, loss control services, and risk management consulting for various organizations that choose to self-insure property/casualty coverages. Revenues for our risk management segment are comprised of fees generally negotiated on a per-claim or per-service basis, on a cost-plus basis, or as performance-based fees. We believe that in a positive rate environment with growing exposure units, our professionals can demonstrate their expertise and high-quality, value-added capabilities by strengthening our clients' insurance portfolios and delivering insurance and risk management solutions within our clients' budget. We expect total expenditures for capital improvements to be approximately $185.0 million, part of which is related to expenditures on office moves and investments being made in information technology and software development projects. We funded the acquisition of the Willis Towers Watson PLC treaty reinsurance brokerage operations using cash on hand and various borrowings. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC Section 45. We anticipate that these investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows through at least 2027 due to the utilization of IRC Section 45 tax credits to offset taxable income in years after the program expired. Our cash flows from operations are primarily derived from our earnings from operations, as adjusted, for our non-cash expenses, which include depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation expenses. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. We utilize various models to determine the value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, such as discounted cash flow to value amortizable intangible assets. We have historically viewed organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our brokerage and risk management segments. The primary source of revenues for our brokerage services is commissions from underwriting enterprises, based on a percentage of premiums paid by our clients, or fees received from clients based on an agreed level of service usually in lieu of commissions. We recognize approximately 80% of our commission and fee revenues on the effective date of the underlying insurance contract.