This report includes forward-looking statements based on the company's current assumptions, expectations, and projections about future events. Ametek's operations are affected by global, regional, and industry economic factors. The company's strategic geographic and industry diversification, and its mix of products and services, have helped to mitigate the potential adverse impact of any unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company also benefited from its strategic initiatives under Ametek's four key strategies: operational excellence, strategic acquisitions, global & market expansion, and new products. The company continued its emphasis on investment in research, development, and engineering, spending $299.6 million in 2021. The company has consistently invested in research, development, and engineering activities to design and develop new and improved products and solutions. These amounts included research and development expenses directed toward the development of new products and solutions and the improvement of existing products and solutions. The company is aware that it has sufficient cash-generating capabilities from domestic and unrestricted foreign sources, available credit facilities, and access to long-term capital funds to enable it to meet its operating needs and contractual obligations for the foreseeable future. The company's acquisitions have generally included a significant goodwill component, and the company expects to continue to make acquisitions. The company believes that market participants would use a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate the fair value of its reporting units in a sale transaction. The company assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets, taking into consideration the company's forecast of future taxable income, available net operating loss carryforwards, and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the deferred tax assets. The company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements unless required by the securities laws to do so. The company believes it has sufficient cash-generating capabilities from domestic and unrestricted foreign sources, available credit facilities, and access to long-term capital funds to enable it to meet its operating needs and contractual obligations for the foreseeable future. The company is in compliance with all covenants, including financial covenants, for all of its debt agreements. The company has standby letters of credit and surety bonds related to performance and payment guarantees. The company believes that any obligations that may arise will not be material to its financial position. The company is committed to maintaining operational excellence and leveraging its IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance performance. The company's operational excellence initiatives positively impacted consolidated operating income and operating income margins. The company has experienced sequential improvement in its financial results since the third quarter of 2020, and this trend has continued throughout 2021. The current economic environment in which the company operates is characterized by increased material cost inflation, logistics challenges, labor availability issues, and component part shortages. The company continues to monitor and closely manage these conditions and has taken steps to mitigate the impacts of the challenging economic environment. The company's operational excellence initiatives, including ongoing savings from realignment actions, have positively impacted segment operating income and margins. The company believes that its IT capabilities play a crucial role in transforming its operations and enhancing its competitive position in the market.