Amgen's approach to, and investment in, human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing, and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative medicines. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to maintain and strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. We also face increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Rising healthcare costs and uncertain economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including increasing pressure by third-party payers, such as governments and private payers, to reduce healthcare expenditures. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses from when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. We are continuously monitoring the pandemic's effects on our global operations, and we have seen changes in demand for some of our products driven by changes in the frequency of patient visits to doctors' offices that have impacted the provision of treatments to existing patients and reduced diagnoses in new patients. Our external business development activities included acquiring five prime and entering into a license agreement to develop a later-stage molecule for atopic dermatitis and other diseases. We also continued to advance our biosimilar program with the launch of Riabni in the United States and introduced our other biosimilars into new markets. Our compensation, benefits, and development programs are designed to encourage performance, promote accountability and adherence to company values, and align with the interests of the company's shareholders. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, and we regularly set targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements. Our investment policy limits interest-bearing security investments to certain types of debt and money market instruments issued by institutions with primarily investment-grade credit ratings, and it places restrictions on maturities and concentration by asset class and issuer. The timing and amount of future dividends and stock repurchases will vary based on a number of factors, including future capital requirements for strategic transactions, availability of financing on acceptable terms, and periodic determination by our board of directors that cash dividends and/or stock repurchases are in the best interests of stockholders. We believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditures, and debt service requirements, as well as to engage in capital-return and other business initiatives that we plan to pursue. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, borrowings through commercial paper and/or syndicated credit facilities, and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets. We are a vertically integrated enterprise with operations in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and we are subject to income tax based on the tax laws and principles of such jurisdictions and on the functions, risks, and activities performed therein.