During the fourth quarter of 2021, as a result of the CoreSite acquisition, we updated our reportable segments to add a data centers segment, which is included within our property operations. We believe this change provides greater visibility into our operating segments and aligns our reporting with management's current approach of allocating costs and resources, managing growth and profitability, and assessing the operating performance of our business segments. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies, and municipalities, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We also hold a portfolio of highly interconnected data center facilities and related assets in the United States, which contributes to our operational flexibility and enhances our IT capability. Our customers include our tenants, licensees, and other payers, and we refer to the business encompassing these operations as our property operations, which accounted for 97% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. We continue to believe that our site leasing revenue, which constitutes the vast majority of our property segment revenue, is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services and the financial performance of our tenants. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network density is expected to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. The deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution, driving demand for our data center solutions. We expect that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our ability to effectively support business needs has become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force, with our IT capabilities representing the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, and management skills to further organizational goals. The increase in our gross margin is attributable to the growth in revenue, which is partially offset by increases in direct expenses, including those associated with the CoreSite acquisition. We have focused on building relationships with large multinational carriers to increase opportunities for growth or mutually beneficial transactional opportunities across common markets. Our extensive international portfolio of communications sites and the relationships we have built with our carrier tenants will drive sustainable, long-term growth, enhancing our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness.