Arista Networks pioneered data-driven, cognitive cloud networking for large-scale data center and campus workspace environments, delivering high performance, scalability, availability, programmability, workload orchestration, automation, and visibility. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to meet increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. The markets for cloud networking solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology, changing end-customer needs, evolving industry standards, and frequent introductions of new products and services. We believe that cloud computing represents a fundamental shift from traditional legacy network architectures, as organizations of all sizes have moved workloads to the cloud, resulting in increased spending on cloud and next-generation data centers. Our development model focuses on new product development based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS, allowing us to rapidly develop new features and applications that address the demands of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, analytics, and network detection and response. The programmability of EOS has enabled us to integrate rapidly with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services, which enhances our technology capabilities. Our research and development efforts are concentrated on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase as we continue to invest in software development to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. We also intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform and introduce new products and features. Our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment is critical to our future success. We must develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers while increasing sales in the enterprise data center switching and campus workspace markets. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of orders from large end customers due to changes in demand patterns, the time it takes these customers to evaluate and accept our products, and the overall complexity of these large orders. We expect customer concentration with these large end customers to be cyclical and linked to new product introductions and customer investment cycles. Our cloud networking solutions consist of our extensible operating system, a set of network applications, and our Ethernet switching and routing platforms, which collectively represent our IT capability to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency. We continue to invest in our technology leadership and leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. Our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are essential in addressing the challenges posed by the competitive landscape and ensuring our organizational effectiveness in meeting market demands.