The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. A trend among customers has been to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company is also focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes and expanding into lower cost areas. The company reported net sales to the information technology and data communications market increased, driven primarily by continued strong sales growth to web service providers and broad-based market demand for server, storage and networking related products as customers worked to support higher demand for increased bandwidth. The increase in net sales in 2021 was driven by growth in several markets in the interconnect products and assemblies segment, including the information technology and data communications market. The strong sales growth in 2021 in the interconnect products and assemblies segment also reflected a recovery in certain markets from the more negative impact resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. The COVID-19 pandemic caused widespread disruptions to the company during the first half of 2020, and to a lesser extent, those disruptions continued during the second half of 2020 and throughout all of 2021. The company intends to evaluate certain post-2021 earnings for repatriation, and accrue for those distributions where appropriate, and to indefinitely reinvest all other foreign earnings. The company uses operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends and reduce indebtedness. The company believes that its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash from operating activities, availability under its revolving credit facility, and access to capital markets provide adequate liquidity to meet both its short-term and reasonably foreseeable long-term requirements and obligations. The company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad market diversification, developing high-technology performance-enhancing solutions, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company’s ability to generate cash from operating activities has been one of its fundamental financial strengths, which is essential for supporting its IT capabilities and overall business strategy.