We are a global technology leader that designs, develops, and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms. Our portfolio of industry-leading infrastructure and security software is designed to modernize, optimize, and secure the most complex hybrid environments, enabling scalability, agility, automation, insights, resiliency, and security. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including the shift to cloud-based information technology solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Our software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility, and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets, which has enabled us to build our extensive IP portfolio and develop critical expertise regarding our customers' requirements, including substantial system-level knowledge. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including stock-based compensation expense. We have a history of innovation in the semiconductor industry and offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, home connectivity, telecommunication equipment, smartphones, and electronic displays. Our semiconductor solutions segment includes all of our product lines and intellectual property licensing. We seek to achieve our strategy through responsibly financed acquisitions of category-leading businesses and technologies, as well as investing extensively in research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology leadership. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause our net revenue to fluctuate significantly and impact our results of operations. We continue to monitor the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, as well as our customers' and suppliers' businesses. We have taken various actions to de-risk our business in light of the ongoing uncertainty and strengthen our balance sheet, including closely managing working capital and our debt instruments. Our ability to fund our requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business, and other factors. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, have varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality.