We continue to invest in supplies for the protection of our employees and customers and increased the frequency of cleaning and disinfecting our stores. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, wage rates, supply chain disruptions, hiring and other economic conditions. Given the nature of these macroeconomic factors, we cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future. We believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. We have also experienced continued accelerated pressure on wages in the U.S. during fiscal 2021. The regulatory changes are expected to continue, as evidenced by the areas that have passed legislation to increase employees' wages substantially over the next few years. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry. We believe the improvement in this sales category resulted from the pandemic as many of our customers continue to have more time to work on discretionary projects. We believe as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. We expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. A downgrade in our credit or changes in the financial markets may limit the financial institutions' willingness to participate in these arrangements, which may result in the vendor wanting to renegotiate payment terms. Our ability to comply with complex and evolving laws and regulations related to customers' and autozoners' health and safety; our ability to open new store locations and expand or remodel existing stores; and our ability to hire and train qualified employees to address temporary or sustained labor shortages are critical to our operational flexibility. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due and fund our share repurchases over the short-term and long-term. We invest a portion of our assets held by our wholly owned insurance captive in marketable debt securities. The increase in capital expenditures from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2021 was primarily driven by increased store openings. We anticipate we will be able to obtain such financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. We believe that our cash generated from operating activities, available cash reserves and available credit, supplemented with our long-term borrowings will provide ample liquidity to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support long-term growth initiatives and return excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. Our adjusted after-tax return on invested capital was 41.0% as compared to 35.7% for the comparable prior year period. We target our debt levels to a specified ratio of adjusted debt to ebitdar in order to maintain our investment grade credit ratings and believe this is important information for the management of our debt levels. We will continue to evaluate current and expected business conditions and adjust the level of share repurchases under our share repurchase program as we deem appropriate. We believe these investments are crucial for enhancing our operational efficiency and maintaining our competitive advantage in the market.