BD's management team aligns our operating model and investments with key strategic pillars through a continuous focus on enhancing our ability to serve customers and improve customer experiences through the digitalization of internal processes and go-to-market approaches. We are committed to driving operating effectiveness and margin expansion by increasing labor productivity and asset efficiencies, as well as reducing complexity across our manufacturing network and rationalizing our product portfolio to optimize architecture, portfolio, and business processes. Our ability to sustain long-term growth will depend on our capacity to expand our core business, develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. The life sciences segment's revenue growth in 2021 was driven by sales related to COVID-19 diagnostic testing, which reflects our capacity to adapt and leverage technology resources in response to market dynamics. We continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product programs to drive further revenue and profit growth. Our financial position remains strong, with cash flows from operating activities totaling $4.647 billion in 2021, enabling us to accelerate our innovation pipeline through investments in research and development and strategic acquisitions. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows depend on factors including the extent to which resurgences in COVID-19 infections affect demand for our products and disrupt our operations. We face challenges posed by the pandemic to global transportation channels and other aspects of our supply chain, including the cost and availability of raw materials, as well as logistical challenges affecting the movement of freight around the globe. Our focus includes providing access to our SARS-CoV-2 diagnostics tests and injection devices for global vaccination campaigns, as well as supplying products and solutions for ongoing care for patients around the world. We are also experiencing challenges related to global transportation channels and supply chains, which have subjected certain of our costs to inflationary pressures that have unfavorably impacted our gross profit and operating margins. Our investments in capital expenditures are focused on projects that enhance our cost structure and manufacturing capabilities, supporting our strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in growing markets. We believe that our available cash and cash equivalents, our ability to generate operating cash flow, and access to borrowings from our financing facilities provide us with sufficient liquidity to satisfy our foreseeable operating needs. Our strategic objectives include focusing on core products, services, and solutions that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers, and researchers, and supplementing our internal growth through strategic acquisitions in faster-growing market segments. The proposed spin-off of our diabetes care business is intended to position the business to more effectively allocate its capital and operational resources with a dedicated growth strategy. The integration of digital technologies into our operations is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and enhancing our operational flexibility, ultimately contributing to our overall firm performance and market-based performance.