BlackRock leverages its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. The company continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. BlackRock is focused on enhancing Aladdin, with continued investment into areas such as whole portfolio, private markets, wealth, and a leading sustainable investing solution. BlackRock is also investing to scale Aladdin for its next leg of growth by migrating Aladdin from BlackRock-hosted data centers to the cloud, which will bring enhanced capabilities to BlackRock and its Aladdin clients, accelerating innovation and supporting greater computing scale and flexibility for clients. The strategic partnership with Snowflake, an industry leader in cloud-enabled data technology, aims to build Aladdin Data Cloud, a next-generation solution that will integrate Aladdin and non-Aladdin data, enabling clients to access and utilize data across their organizations, unlocking potential for collaboration, creativity, and innovation. BlackRock’s strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions for both retail investors and institutions, including a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index, and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. The company has seen strong momentum in OCIO solutions among institutional clients, anticipating continued OCIO opportunities in the future. BlackRock has been deepening the integration of sustainability into technology, risk management, and product choice across the organization, planning to accelerate these efforts. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements are expected to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock's diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning the company to invest for the long term by balancing investments for future growth with prudent discretionary expense management. The company’s long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of its operations; accelerate growth in ETFs, illiquid alternatives, and technology; and deliver whole portfolio solutions while becoming a global leader in sustainable investing. BlackRock’s active platform reflects global reach, interconnectivity across teams and regions, growing data and insights, integrated technology and risk management, and scalable processes, all of which the company believes enables it to deliver more consistent outcomes for clients over the long term. BlackRock continues to monitor COVID-19 developments and their potential impact on the company’s employees, business, and operations, particularly in jurisdictions where it has significant employee populations and/or business activity. The company’s financial condition and funding are managed to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business, ensuring sufficient resources to meet short-term and long-term cash needs, including operating, debt, and other obligations as they come due and anticipated future capital requirements.