Citi continued to invest in its transformation, including infrastructure supporting its risk and control environment, and make business-led investments. Citi's operating expenses increased, reflecting continued investments in its transformation, business-led investments, and revenue- and transaction-related expenses, partially offset by productivity savings. The firm’s planned divestitures of its consumer businesses across Mexico, Asia, and EMEA are aligned with the repositioning of its consumer operations to focus on global wealth centers, as well as payments and lending and a targeted retail presence in the U.S. Citi's efforts include continued investments in its transformation, including the remediation of its consent orders. The strengthening of Citi's risk and control environment has been established as a strategic priority, with a chief administrative officer organization to centralize program management. Citi's management of the markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of various interrelated factors, including market liquidity and macroeconomic conditions, which impact client activity levels and revenues. The firm’s international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a proprietary network in 95 countries and jurisdictions. Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) provided corporate, institutional, public sector, and high-net-worth clients with a full range of wholesale banking products and services, including fixed income and equity sales and trading, foreign exchange, prime brokerage, derivative services, and investment banking. The firm’s revenues are generated primarily from fees and spreads associated with these activities. The increase in revenues in investment banking reflects growth across products, particularly in advisory and equity underwriting, driven by strength in North America and EMEA. The firm’s revenues in treasury and trade solutions reflect a decline in revenues in the cash business, partially offset by an increase in trade revenues. The decrease in corporate lending revenues reflects muted demand given strong client liquidity positions. The net allowance for credit losses (ACL) release was primarily driven by improvements in portfolio credit quality and Citi's improved macroeconomic outlook. The firm’s consumer banking businesses in North America, Latin America, and Asia provided traditional banking services to retail customers, with a focus on retail banking, branded cards, and retail services. The firm intends to exit its consumer, small business, and middle-market banking operations in Mexico, aligning with its strategic refresh and market exits. The net ACL release reflected an improvement in portfolio credit quality, as well as continued improvement in the macroeconomic outlook and lower loan volumes. The firm’s transformation efforts are aimed at enhancing organizational capabilities and aligning business strategies with market dynamics. The ongoing investments in technology and infrastructure are designed to support operational efficiency, enhance risk management, and improve customer value. The firm’s strategic decisions are influenced by external factors, including regulatory contexts and market responsiveness, which are critical for maintaining competitive positioning and achieving performance excellence.