We enable our customers to develop electronic products. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of integrated circuits (ICs), system-on-chips (SoCs), and increasingly sophisticated electronic devices and systems. Our products and services do this by optimizing performance, minimizing power consumption, shortening the time to bring our customers' products to market, improving engineering productivity, and reducing their design, development, and manufacturing costs. We continued to execute our intelligent system design strategy with our announcement of the next generation of hardware-software products in our functional verification product category, which consists of the integrated Palladium Z2 emulation and Protium X2 prototyping systems, to accelerate hardware debug and software validation. The addition of these technologies and talent broadens our system design and analysis portfolio and expertise. Management uses certain performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses, and cash flow from operations. During the second quarter of fiscal 2021, we offered a voluntary retirement program to eligible employees in the United States. Our efforts to comply with containment measures due to COVID-19 have impacted our day-to-day operations and could disrupt our business and operations, as well as that of our key customers, suppliers, and other counterparties. Despite the challenges posed by the pandemic, it did not have a material, adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, or cash flows during fiscal 2021. We expect that between 85% and 90% of our annual revenue will be characterized as recurring revenue. Revenue characterized as recurring includes revenue recognized over time from our software arrangements, services, royalties, maintenance on IP licenses and hardware, and operating leases of hardware. The increase in revenue in the United States and other Asia during fiscal 2021 was attributable to growth in revenue from each of our five product categories. The increase in revenue in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa during fiscal 2021 was attributable to growth in revenue from system design and analysis, digital IC design, and custom IC design product offerings. Cost of product and maintenance includes costs associated with the sale and lease of our emulation and prototyping hardware and licensing of our software and IP products. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Factors that tend to cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, our annual merit cycle, stock-based compensation, and restructuring activities. We have initiated restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making strategic investments. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. We expect that current cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows generated from operations, and financing activities will be sufficient to meet the needs of our domestic and international operating activities and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.