We are a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 32 million customers in 41 states through our spectrum brand. Over an advanced high-capacity, two-way telecommunications network, we offer a full range of state-of-the-art residential and business services including spectrum internet, TV, mobile, and voice. For small and medium-sized companies, spectrum business delivers the same suite of broadband products and services coupled with special features and applications to enhance productivity. We continue to explore ways to drive even more mobile traffic to our network. We intend to use CBRS PALS we purchased in 2020, along with unlicensed CBRS spectrum, to build our own 5G mobile data-only network on our existing infrastructure in targeted geographies where there is high outdoor cellular traffic volume. This effort, in combination with our expanding Wi-Fi network and continued 5G enhancements within the Verizon MVNO partnership agreement, should position our mobile product for continued customer experience and cost structure improvements. We believe spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. We expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of internet connectivity services and improving customer retention despite the expectation for continued losses of video and wireline voice customers. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We currently expect full year 2022 cable capital expenditures, excluding capital expenditures associated with our rural construction initiative, to be between $7.1 billion and $7.3 billion. The actual amount of our capital expenditures in 2022 will depend on a number of factors including further spend related to product development and growth rates of both our residential and commercial businesses as well as the pace of rural construction. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including expanding the capacity of our network, the expansion of our network through our rural broadband construction project, the build-out and deployment of our CBRS spectrum, and mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. We have significant amounts of debt, and our business requires significant cash to fund principal and interest payments on our debt. Our projected cash needs and projected sources of liquidity depend upon, among other things, our actual results, and the timing and amount of our expenditures. We expect an initial funding period to grow a new product as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we sell devices to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow, and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. Our leverage ratio was 4.4 times adjusted EBITDA as of December 31, 2021. As adjusted EBITDA grows, we expect to increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within charter's target leverage range. We actively review potential acquisitions, swaps, or dispositions against our objectives including improving operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development, or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets.