Cigna is leveraging its resources, expertise, data, and actionable intelligence to assist customers, clients, and care providers navigate the evolving dynamics of the pandemic. The company continues to optimize purchasing volume across the pharmaceutical supply chain to mitigate risk of disruption with prescription drug supply due to ongoing global supply disruptions. Cigna's commitment to health, well-being, and peace of mind remains the primary focus as the pandemic impacts all aspects of daily life. The company believes that financial results may continue to be impacted by higher medical costs, vaccine-related costs, and the potential for future deferral of care. Adjusted income from operations increased, primarily resulting from higher earnings in Evernorth and lower net interest expense, with improved results in international businesses held for sale contributing to this increase. The increase in earnings in the Evernorth segment was primarily attributable to continued contract affordability improvements and business growth. The company approved a strategic plan to drive operational efficiencies, which is expected to leverage ongoing growth to enhance organizational structure and increase the use of automation and shared services. Cigna's acquisition of MDLIVE is aimed at expanding access to virtual care and delivering a more affordable, convenient, and connected care experience for consumers. The integration of this acquisition has been completed, and the company continues to monitor the economic impact of the pandemic, including supply chain, labor market, and inflation dynamics. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, and management skills to further organizational goals. The company prioritizes its use of capital resources to invest in capital expenditures related to technology to support innovative solutions for customers. The Evernorth segment includes a broad range of coordinated health services and capabilities, with performance measured using adjusted revenues and pre-tax adjusted income from operations. The key factors impacting Evernorth's pharmacy revenues include volume, mix of claims, and price, with ongoing efforts to improve the effectiveness of integrated solutions for clients. The company continues to invest in technology that it believes will drive future growth, with anticipated capital expenditures funded primarily from operating cash flow. Cigna's strategic investments in expanding partnerships, new businesses, and digital technology reflect its commitment to enhancing operational efficiency and business transformation. The firm’s operational flexibility is supported by its ability to leverage IT-based resources in combination with other capabilities, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving market.