We are strengthening our capabilities in areas such as innovation, digital, ecommerce and data and analytics enabling us to be more responsive in today's rapidly changing world. In particular, we believe our digital transformation is of paramount importance to our success going forward. We continue to invest behind our brands, including through advertising, and to develop initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers, dental, veterinary and skin health professionals and traditional and ecommerce retailers. The investments needed to drive growth are supported through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. Through these initiatives, we seek to become even more effective and efficient throughout our businesses. We are also changing the way we work to drive growth and how we approach innovation with focus, empowerment, experimentation and digitization to respond to the dynamic retail landscape and the evolving preferences of our customers and consumers. The retail landscape, the ease of new entrants into the market in many of our categories and the evolving preferences of our customers and consumers demand that we work differently and faster in an agile, authentic and culturally relevant manner to drive innovation. We plan to continue to invest behind our digital and analytics capabilities and higher growth businesses, such as ecommerce. The rapid growth in ecommerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels have created and may continue to create pricing pressures and/or adversely affect our relationships with our key retailers. We have a well-established crisis management team process, and the team, together with our senior management, continue to respond to and manage the challenges presented by COVID-19. We have implemented additional health and safety measures consistent with government recommendations to help ensure employee safety in our technology centers, often at additional cost. We expect the ongoing economic impact and health concerns associated with COVID-19 to continue to impact consumer behavior, shopping patterns and consumption preferences. Our strategy is based on driving organic sales growth and long-term profitable growth through innovation within our core businesses, leveraging faster growth in adjacent categories, expanding in high-growth channels and markets and delivering margin expansion through operating leverage and efficiency. We are also seeking to maximize the impact of our environmental, social and governance programs and leading in the development of human capital, including our sustainability and social impact and diversity, equity and inclusion strategies. Our commitment to these priorities, the strength of our brands, the breadth of our global footprint and a commitment to driving efficiency in cash generation should position us well to manage through the challenges presented by COVID-19 and increase shareholder value over time. The company continues to focus its capital spending on projects that are expected to yield high after-tax returns. The company believes its strong cash generation and financial position should continue to allow it broad access to global credit and capital markets. The company is exposed to market risk from foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity price fluctuations. The company manages its raw material exposures through a combination of cost containment measures, ongoing productivity initiatives and the limited use of commodity hedging contracts. The company is also assessing the impact of the discontinuation of LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate on its current financial instruments and contractual arrangements. The company continues to monitor its exposure in subsequent periods.