During the year ended December 31, 2021, we expect approximately $150 million in capital expenditures related to investments in existing restaurants including new equipment and hardware, technology to optimize efficiencies, remodeling and similar improvements. Additionally, we expect a portion of our incurred capital expenditures to be for additional corporate initiatives including investments in technology for support centers to boost innovation, enhance the customer experience, and improve operations. The majority of our purchase obligations relate to amounts owed for produce and other ingredients and supplies, orders submitted for equipment for restaurants under construction and planned remodels, information technology, and marketing initiatives and corporate sponsorships. We believe these metrics are useful to investors because management uses these metrics to assess the growth of our business and the effectiveness of our marketing and operational strategies. Digital sales, which includes delivery and customer pick-up, were $3.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, and represented 45.6% of total revenue compared to 46.2% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. Higher volumes of in-store transactions in 2021 contributed to the decrease in digital sales as a percentage of total revenue. We completed several company initiatives which we believe contributed to sales growth. These initiatives included the launch of new menu items and enhancements to our loyalty program, Chipotle Rewards, by introducing new redemption options and personalized offers primarily targeted at new and at-risk customers. We anticipate the restaurant wage increases implemented in June 2021 and any future wage increases in the U.S. along with increased supply chain costs, primarily related to inflationary pressures, will have an impact on restaurant operating costs in 2022. However, these should be offset to some extent by benefits from pricing actions, leverage from revenue growth, and supply chain initiatives. Our total capital expenditures for 2021 were $442.5 million, and we expect to incur about $450 million in total capital expenditures in 2022. We expect approximately $260 million in capital expenditures related to the construction of new restaurants, and we anticipate average development costs will remain consistent with 2021 due to a significant portion including Chipotlanes. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. We have not experienced significant disruptions in our supply chain; however, we have experienced inflationary pressures in freight and the costs of some of our ingredients and temporary shortages in equipment and other goods, which could increase and/or spread to more categories as the impacts of COVID-19 continue across the global supply chain. We remain in regular contact with our major suppliers to manage these challenges effectively. The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021, was higher than the effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to comparing against the federal net operating loss for tax year 2020. We manage our restaurants as a group with significant common costs and promotional activities; as such, an individual restaurant's cash flows are not generally independent of the cash flows of others in a market. The determination of asset fair value is subject to significant judgment and utilizes valuation techniques including discounting estimated future cash flows and market-based analyses to determine fair value.