Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. We believe that we will be able to drive operating efficiency improvement in the longer term powered by growth and digital productivity gains. The provision for credit losses decreased by $12.2 billion to $(1.9) billion in 2021 compared to 2020 as a result of allowance releases due to strong credit performance and an improved economic outlook. Our net interest margin increased by 15 basis points to 6.21% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by lower interest rates paid on interest-bearing deposits. Non-interest income increased by $654 million to $6.3 billion in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily driven by higher net interchange fees due to a $113 billion increase in purchase volume in credit card. We provide additional information on the provision for credit losses and changes in the allowance for credit losses within "md&a-credit risk profile" and "note 4-allowance for credit losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments." Our allowance for credit losses decreased by $4.1 billion to $11.4 billion, and our allowance coverage ratio decreased by 207 basis points to 4.12% as of December 31, 2021 from December 31, 2020, driven by strong credit performance and an improved economic outlook. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company and establishes expectations for our "three lines of defense" model, which defines the roles, responsibilities, and accountabilities for taking and managing risk across the company. The "first line of defense" consists of any line of business or function that is accountable for risk-taking and is responsible for engaging in activities designed to generate revenue or reduce expenses. The "second line of defense" consists of independent risk management and support functions that oversee risk-taking activities and assess risks and issues independent from the first line of defense. The "third line of defense" is comprised of the internal audit and credit review functions, providing independent and objective assurance to senior management and the board of directors that the first and second lines of defense have systems and governance processes which are well-designed and working as intended. Our technology management practices are critical for enabling the delivery of high-quality and consistent customer experiences and achieving business objectives in a controlled manner. The chief operational risk officer is responsible for establishing and overseeing our operational risk management program, which includes topics such as internal and external fraud, cyber and technology risk, data management, model risk, third-party management, and business continuity. We continuously monitor market and economic conditions to evaluate emerging stress conditions and to develop appropriate action plans in accordance with our contingency funding plan and our recovery plans, which include the company's policies, procedures, and action plans for managing liquidity stress events. Our liquidity framework establishes governing principles that apply to the management of liquidity risk, ensuring that we maintain a fortified balance sheet that is resilient to uncertainties that may arise as a consequence of systemic, idiosyncratic, or combined liquidity events.