Our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity. Corporate and other represents income and costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as certain technology activities, as well as licensing revenues. Earnings from technology increased by $51 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to higher licensing revenues. The plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, base maintenance, and investments in several early-stage low-carbon opportunities that address end-use emissions. We expect to fulfill $6 billion of these obligations in 2022, which are related to agreements to access and utilize the capacity of third-party equipment and facilities, including pipelines and LNG product terminals, to transport, process, treat, and store commodities. Our capital expenditures and investments for the three-year period ended December 31, 2021, supported key exploration and developments, primarily development activities in the lower 48, including the Permian, Eagle Ford, and Bakken. The company does not use an estimated market cost of GHG emissions when assessing reserves in jurisdictions without existing GHG regulations. We have developed a company-wide climate change action plan with the goal of tracking mitigation activities for each climate-related risk included in the corporate sustainable development risk register. Our target framework consists of a hierarchy of targets, from a long-term ambition that sets the direction and aim of the strategy to a medium-term performance target for GHG emissions intensity. Our expected 2022 total capital returns are approximately $8 billion, consisting of distributions from each of the three tiers. We have a universal shelf registration statement on file with the SEC under which we have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities. Our operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments in the various countries in which we operate, including civil unrest or strained relationships with governments that may impact our operations or investments. The ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards continue to evolve. We also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations. Our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience, and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us. Changes in international trade relationships, including the imposition of trade restrictions or tariffs relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, LNG, and NGLs, can also impact our operations. Our ability to deploy the net proceeds from any asset dispositions that are pending or that we elect to undertake in the future may be influenced by market conditions. We expect to fully dispose of our CVE common shares by early 2022; however, the sales pace will be guided by market conditions, and we retain discretion to adjust accordingly. The company’s ability to execute, or delays in the completion, of any asset dispositions or acquisitions we elect to pursue may disrupt our operations.