In 2021, we incurred an increase of four basis points related to a write-off of certain information technology assets in the fourth quarter that are no longer expected to be utilized as part of the modernization of our information systems. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales. We believe that our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our warehouse operations. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs, and while we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and other international operating segments. We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. Changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories are impacted by several factors, including how fast inventory is sold, the forward deployment of inventory to accelerate delivery times, payment terms with our suppliers, and early payments to obtain discounts from suppliers. We opened 22 new warehouses, including two relocations, in 2021, and plan to open approximately up to 35 additional new warehouses, including five relocations, in 2022. Our primary requirements for capital are acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. Capital is also required for information systems, manufacturing and distribution facilities, initial warehouse operations, and working capital. We spent $3,588 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $3,800 to $4,200 during fiscal 2022. The impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar positively impacted net sales by approximately $2,759, or 169 basis points, compared to 2020, attributable to our Canadian and other international operations. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short-term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" on quality goods—consistently providing the most competitive values. We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes in competition, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items and through online offerings. Our investments in technology and information systems are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting our business strategies. The higher our comparable sales exclusive of certain items, the more we can leverage certain of our selling, general and administrative expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. Our financial performance is influenced by the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially in the United States. We believe that our gasoline business draws members, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. Our estimated annualized pre-tax cost for wage increases is approximately $400, which reflects our commitment to maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce.