We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that brings companies and customers together in the digital age. We enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, voice, blockchain, and artificial intelligence to connect to their customers and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world. With our customer 360 platform, we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps, and devices to help companies with their digital transformation. Our acquisition of Slack Technologies, Inc. in July 2021 is creating a new digital headquarters, where companies, employees, governments, and stakeholders can create success from anywhere. We continue to invest for future growth and are focused on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption and increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers. These growth drivers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and may incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers. We drive innovation organically and through acquisitions, evaluating opportunities in complementary businesses, services, technologies, and intellectual property rights to expand our service offerings. Our aggressive growth plans and integration of previously acquired businesses have incurred significant expenses, which have reduced our operating income. We expect to continue making investments and acquisitions in the future to support the adoption of our service offerings. We have increased our headcount associated with our data centers, customer support, and professional services by 43 percent since fiscal 2021 to meet the higher demand for services from our customers. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expense, and we expect these expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new and improved technologies. Our marketing and sales expenses include significant investments in go-to-market efforts, with an increase in headcount to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. We believe that our investments in professional services facilitate the adoption of our service offerings, help secure larger subscription revenue contracts, and support our customers' success. Our overall acquisition strategy may evolve to require integration and business operation changes that may result in incremental income tax costs. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth, and while we continue to make investments in our infrastructure, including information technology and data centers, our strategy may change related to these investments. We expect that research and development expenses will increase as we continue to invest in technology to support the development of new and improved technologies and the integration of acquired technologies.