Digital Realty Trust, Inc. delivers comprehensive space, power, and interconnection solutions that enable its customers and partners to connect with each other and service their own customers on a global technology and real estate platform. We focus exclusively on owning, acquiring, developing, and operating data centers because we believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to outpace the overall economy. Our ability to generate and grow revenue depends on several factors, including our ability to maintain or improve occupancy rates. We target high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties. Our leasing activities are influenced by the capital-intensive and long-term nature of the operations we support, with lease terms generally longer than standard commercial leases. We continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space and expect average aggregate rental rates on re-leased or renewed data center leases for 2022 expirations to generally be consistent with the rates currently being paid for the same space. Our properties require periodic investments of capital for customer-related capital expenditures and for general capital improvements. We expect to incur significant improvement costs to build out and develop additional capacity, with open commitments related to construction contracts of approximately $1.3 billion. We are party to a definitive agreement under which we committed to acquire approximately 55% of the total equity interest in Teraco, Africa's leading carrier-neutral colocation provider, which values Teraco at approximately $3.5 billion. Our development capital expenditures are generally funded by our available cash and equity and debt capital. We have used and intend to use available borrowings under the global revolving credit facility to fund our liquidity requirements from time to time. The global revolving credit facility provides for borrowings in a variety of currencies and can be increased by an additional $1.5 billion, subject to receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. Our ability to effectively support business needs through IT capabilities has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force. We believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry will continue to outpace the overall economy, and we anticipate that our strategic resource allocation will enhance our operational efficiency and market responsiveness. Our management practices focus on leveraging IT resources to optimize our operations and enhance our business processes. The integration of advanced technology functionalities within our infrastructure is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring the reliability and security of our services. The ongoing development and enhancement of our technology capabilities are critical to achieving our organizational goals and maximizing our performance outcomes in a rapidly evolving market landscape.