The institutional advancement program is intended to enhance our institutional sales and service structure and allow the sales team to capture share and penetration while maximizing service effectiveness by leveraging our ongoing investments in digital technology. We have recorded restructuring charges related to severance, disposals of equipment, and office closures, which are expected to be funded from operating activities. The institutional plan has delivered cumulative cost savings with estimated annual cost savings in continuing operations by 2024. Additionally, we formally commenced a restructuring plan to leverage technology and system investments and organizational changes, aiming to simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity, and focus on key long-term growth areas by further leveraging technology and structural improvements. Our acquisitions and divestitures are discussed further, as we continue to target strategic business acquisitions that complement our growth strategy and expect to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. We continue to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund ongoing operations, investments in our business, acquisitions, and return cash to our shareholders. The impact of the purolite acquisition on our operating income was significant, driven by increased pricing and higher volume, which more than offset significantly higher delivered product costs and supply constraints. Our reported operating income was impacted by special (gains) and charges, and excluding these impacts, adjusted operating income increased when compared to the previous year. We assess the need to test our reporting units for impairment, indicating the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates, and we view our net debt to EBITDA as an important indicator of operational and financial health. We have adopted various accounting policies to prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires making estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts. The ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect major economic and financial markets, and we are subject to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries. Our international operations and exposure to foreign currency fluctuations could impact future operating results. We enter into contractual arrangements to manage foreign currency exposure and interest rate risks, and our use of derivatives is subject to internal policies designed to reduce volatility associated with movements in foreign exchange and interest rates on our income statement and cash flows. The strategic management practices we employ, including the evaluation of our technology infrastructure and capabilities, are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and achieving our organizational goals.