Emerson's management believes that the company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The company maintains a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives and has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and the criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013), issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission. The company's financial structure provides the flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives. The company is targeting capital spending of approximately $650 million in 2022, which reflects its commitment to investing in technology and operational capabilities. The company expects operational challenges to continue through the first half of the year, but price-cost is expected to turn to a tailwind during the second half. Emerson expects fiscal 2022 to be characterized by strong underlying demand, with strength in discrete and hybrid automation markets, further recovery in process markets, and expanding opportunities in sustainability projects expected to drive automation solutions full year net sales growth. The company's restructuring and cost reset actions that began in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 contributed to strong profitability and a significant decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of sales. The company believes that presenting earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity, and return on total capital excluding certain items is more representative of the company's operational performance and may be more useful for investors. The company also maintains a universal shelf registration statement on file with the SEC under which it can issue debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, warrants, share purchase contracts, or share purchase units without a predetermined limit. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or backup credit lines. The company expects its leverage and debt ratios to improve rapidly through strong combined cash flow of the companies and disciplined capital allocation. The company's management is responsible for the integrity and accuracy of the financial statements, and management believes that the financial statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth, which is essential for enhancing its IT capabilities and overall operational efficiency. The company expects to finance the transaction with Aspen Technology through a combination of cash on hand and the issuance of new long-term debt, reflecting its strategic resource allocation and commitment to enhancing its technology portfolio.