We provide a global, vendor-neutral data center, interconnection and edge services platform with offerings that aim to enable our customers to reach everywhere, interconnect everyone and integrate everything. Global enterprises, service providers and business ecosystems of industry partners rely on our IBX data centers and expertise around the world for the safe housing of their critical IT equipment and to protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Our interconnected data centers around the world allow our customers to increase information and application delivery performance to users and quickly access distributed IT infrastructures and business and digital ecosystems, while significantly reducing costs. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable and cost-effective interconnection that increases data traffic exchange while lowering overall cost and increasing flexibility. Our business model is built on our critical mass of enterprise and service provider customers and the resulting marketplace effect. This global platform, combined with our strong financial position, has driven new customer growth and bookings. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. Our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, including demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, clouds and software partners, capacity availability in the current market location, amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property, automation capabilities, developer talent pool, lead-time to break even on a free cash flow basis and in-place customers. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. We consider these offerings recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. Our largest customer accounted for approximately 3% of our recurring revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. Our 50 largest customers accounted for approximately 39% of our recurring revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. We expect the cost of our utilities, specifically electricity, will generally increase in the future on a per-unit or fixed basis, in addition to the variable increase related to the growth in consumption by our customers. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase across all three regions as we continue to invest in our operations to support our growth, including investments to enhance our technology platform, to maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT and to integrate recent acquisitions. We have a substantial amount of property, plant and equipment recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. The vast majority of our property, plant and equipment represent the costs incurred to build out or acquire our IBX data centers. Our IBX data centers are long-lived assets. We depreciate our property, plant and equipment using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. We will continue to assess the need for our valuation allowances, by jurisdiction, in the future. We have entered into joint ventures to develop and operate xScale data centers. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of enterprise and service provider customers and the resulting marketplace effect. We will continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings.