The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. Despite the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, our dedicated field teams found creative ways to support physicians, our engineers continued to advance innovation, and our colleagues worked diligently to keep our clinical trials on track. In 2021, we invested 17.3% of our net sales in research and development. We received United States Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") clearance for the Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index software with the Acumen IQ finger cuff, which is the first noninvasive solution that uses machine learning to alert clinicians of the likelihood a patient is trending toward hypotension. The increase in net sales of critical care products was driven by increased demand for our capital products, primarily Hemosphere platforms in the United States, as hospital capital spending continued to show signs of recovery. The increase in demand for our pressure monitoring products due to elevated COVID hospitalizations, primarily in the United States, reflects the operational flexibility and responsiveness of our IT capabilities. Our gross profit increase in 2021 was driven by our sales growth and lower incremental costs associated with COVID-19. We are closely monitoring the impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business and geographies, including its impact on our customers, employees, suppliers, vendors, business partners, and distribution channels. The extent to which COVID-19 and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality-of-life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. The increase in net sales of surgical products was due primarily to improved COVID-19 conditions compared to 2020 and increased sales of the Inspiris Resilia aortic valve and the Konect aortic valved conduit, primarily in the United States. We also began treating patients with Evoque in the Triscend II pivotal trial, which will evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the Evoque tricuspid valve replacement system for patients with severe tricuspid regurgitation. Our research and development expenses increased in 2021 compared to 2020 due primarily to continued investments in our transcatheter innovations. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven primarily by a 0.5 percentage point increase in the United States due to an improved product mix, driven by TAVR products, and lower incremental costs associated with COVID-19. The medical technology industry is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions, necessitating a focus on information management capability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and access. We believe that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach an agreement with a tax authority at any time.