During 2021, we continued to advance innovation initiatives designed to enhance productivity, expand margins and reduce the capital intensity of our business through the utilization of new technology applications in combination with a more interactive operating structure. These initiatives are expected to allow us to recover additional copper from our large existing leach stockpiles. There are several projects ongoing across our North America and South America operations, which incorporate new applications, technologies and data analytics currently being developed. Initial results are encouraging and support additional work on these emerging opportunities. Our operations at the Lone Star copper leach project at our Safford mine exceeded initial design capacity and produced approximately 235 million pounds of copper. We are also evaluating organic growth opportunities for expansion of certain of our operations in North America and South America, including at Bagdad, Lone Star and El Abra, the timing of which will be dependent on, among other things, market conditions. The ramp-up of underground production at the Grasberg minerals district continues to advance on schedule, with expected milling rates to increase significantly. The installation of additional milling facilities is in progress and is expected to improve recoveries. PT-FI is also advancing construction of a dual-fuel power plant and upgrades to the mill circuit to enhance operational efficiency. The development of additional smelting capacity in Indonesia will result in the elimination of export duties, providing an offset to the economic cost associated with the Indonesia smelter projects. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold and molybdenum, as well as other factors. We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. Our cash generating capability and financial condition, which includes significant cash and cash equivalents, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs over the next several years. We have significant mineral reserves, mineral resources and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. The advancement of several initiatives to recover additional copper from our large existing leach stockpiles incorporates new applications, technologies and data analytics. We are committed to implementing best practices in sustainable development for the global mining and metals industry, which includes the integration of technology to enhance our operational capabilities. Our board adopted a financial policy for the allocation of cash flows aligned with our strategic objectives of maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash returns to shareholders while advancing opportunities for future growth. The operational performance of our mining operations is monitored through various measures, including unit net cash costs, which provide information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations. We continue to evaluate the impact of external influences on our operations, including regulatory changes and market dynamics, to ensure alignment with our strategic goals.