The FedEx services segment provides sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and collection services, and certain back-office functions that support our operating segments. Our ability to manage our cost structure to match shifting volume levels is critical, as many of our operating expenses are directly impacted by revenue and volume levels. We expect continued demand growth for our e-commerce services and global capacity constraints to continue driving strong demand for international export shipments. We will continue optimizing our FedEx Ground seven-day-per-week residential delivery network capacity to meet evolving customer needs in 2022. In addition, we will continue to focus on last-mile delivery optimization by directing certain U.S. day-definite FedEx Express shipments into the FedEx Ground network to increase efficiency and lower our cost-to-serve. We also are focused on improving revenue quality and lowering costs through investments in technology aimed at improving productivity and safety. Our capital expenditures for 2022 are expected to include strategic investments to increase capacity to support elevated volume levels, aircraft modernization at FedEx Express, and investments in productivity and safety. We expect to incur approximately $150 million of TNT Express integration expenses in 2022, which includes costs associated with further optimizing our international legal entity structures and improving back-office automation to enhance long-term cost savings. We anticipate our volume to continue to benefit from growing demand for our e-commerce services and international export package services. FedEx Ground is making strategic technology investments to optimize last-mile deliveries via route optimization, expand capabilities to better handle large items, and improve scheduling at its hubs and stations, leading to anticipated productivity improvements. Our business is labor and capital intensive in nature, which has required us to incur higher costs to operate our networks during the pandemic, including increased wage rates and costs for additional personnel in place to support our operations and meet regulatory requirements. We will continue to evaluate our investments in critical long-term strategic projects to ensure our capital expenditures are expected to generate high returns on investment and are balanced with our outlook for global economic conditions. We expect savings from our business realignment activities to be between $275 million and $350 million on an annualized basis beginning in fiscal 2024. Our operations are capital intensive, characterized by significant investments in technology and facilities. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including anticipated volume growth, domestic and international economic conditions, and availability of satisfactory financing. The identification of costs associated with our business realignment activities is subject to our disclosure controls and procedures. We expect to continue to incur higher costs required to meet anticipated demand, including higher labor costs as a result of challenging labor markets. We believe these initiatives will allow for the more efficient use of our existing assets, which will drive improved performance and enhance our competitive position over the long term.