Fortinet is a global leader in cybersecurity solutions provided to a wide variety of organizations, including enterprises, communication service providers, government organizations, and small businesses. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to provide broad visibility and segmentation of the digital attack surface through our integrated Fortinet Security Fabric cybersecurity mesh platform, which features automated protection, detection, and response along with consolidated visibility across both Fortinet-developed solutions and a broad ecosystem of third-party solutions and technologies. The Fortinet Security Fabric cybersecurity mesh platform leverages a common operating system across our product offerings and helps organizations better secure their environments and reduce their security and network complexities. Our product offerings consist of FortiGate network security physical and virtual products and our non-FortiGate physical and virtual, software, and cloud-hosted products. In addition to high-performing security and networking features, we offer a rich set of cloud-delivered security services that can be added to different products across the Fortinet Security Fabric and customized to the organization's use cases. Our FortiGuard security services are enabled by FortiGuard Labs, which provides threat research and artificial intelligence capabilities from a cloud network to deliver coordinated protection for the ever-expanding attack surface. Our proprietary security processing units (SPUs) are application-specific integrated circuits designed to enhance security processing capabilities by accelerating computationally intensive tasks. We provide virtualized security processing units (vSPUs) across our FortiGate virtual appliances to deliver similar accelerated capabilities in virtualized environments. The FortiOS operating system provides the foundation for the operation of all FortiGate network security appliances and directs the operations of processors and SPUs. This approach to security ties discrete security solutions together into an integrated whole that provides centralized management and visibility, automation, and intelligence sharing to simplify network and security operations and rapid response to threats. Our security-driven networking solutions enable the convergence of networking and security across all edges to provide next-generation firewall, software-defined wide area network, and secure access service edge. We derive a majority of product sales from our FortiGate network security appliances, which include a broad set of built-in security and networking features and functionalities. Our zero trust access solutions enable customers to know and control who and what is on their network, providing security for work from anywhere. Our adaptive cloud security helps customers connect securely to and across their individual, hybrid cloud, multi-cloud, and virtualized data center environments. We develop and provide a range of products and services that enable security operations center teams to identify, investigate, and remediate potential incidents. Our customers purchase our natively integrated FortiGuard security subscription services as an add-on to products and solutions across the Fortinet Security Fabric with the goal of receiving real-time threat intelligence and protection updates. We expect to continue to invest in our research and development organization, focusing on software development and the ongoing development of our hardware products. We monitor key metrics, including revenue, deferred revenue, and billings, to evaluate growth trends and assess operational efficiencies. Our total deferred revenue balance grew significantly, reflecting the strength of our FortiGuard and other security subscription services. We expect to continue to make investments in sales and marketing resources, which are critical to support our future growth.