The technologies segment achieved a book-to-bill ratio of 1-to-1 in 2021. Increased IT services revenue was due to the ramp-up of several new programs and higher volume on existing programs due to the reopening of, and increased access to, customer sites following limitations imposed in 2020 due to the pandemic. The technologies segment's operating margin increased 60 basis points compared with 2020 due to favorable contract mix and reduced COVID-related impacts in our IT services business, particularly customer reimbursement of idle workforce cost at zero fee in 2020 and early 2021. Additionally, operating results in 2020 included an approximate $40 loss on a contract with a non-U.S. customer from schedule delays caused by COVID-related travel restrictions, offset partially by a gain on the sale of the satellite communications business. The technologies segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders across a mix of U.S. and non-U.S. government and commercial customers. These contracts can be shorter-cycle or span multiple years, but commonly include a small, initially funded order. Therefore, our estimated potential contract value of $27 billion is an important indicator of future orders and revenue. In 2021, approximately 60% of the segment's orders were from additional work on indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts or the exercise of options. The program has a maximum potential value of $12.6 billion among multiple awardees. We evaluate a variety of capital deployment options based on current market conditions and our long-term outlook, and we believe agility is a key component of our capital deployment strategy as market conditions change over time. Our capital deployment priorities include investments in our products and services to drive long-term growth, a predictable dividend, strategic acquisitions, and opportunistic share repurchases. We believe cash generated by operating activities, supplemented by commercial paper issuances, is sufficient to satisfy our short- and long-term liquidity needs. The emphasis on cash flow generation is underpinned by an operating discipline focused on cost control and working capital management. The technologies segment's operating results were positively impacted by increased IT services activity, reflecting the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We expect the technologies segment's 2022 revenue to be between $12.8 and $13 billion with operating margin of around 10%. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and our proven track record of successful contract execution. The technologies segment's backlog and estimated potential contract value were down compared with year-end 2020 due to continued performance on significant multi-year contracts. The technologies segment's revenue is driven by the ability to provide IT and technical support services, which is critical for maintaining operational efficiency and responding to market dynamics.