The automotive industry and GM are currently experiencing a global semiconductor supply shortage, which has impacted multiple suppliers that incorporate semiconductors into the parts they supply. We expect the availability of semiconductors to improve throughout 2022. Our vision for the future is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion, which guides our growth-focused strategy to invest in electric vehicles (EVs) and autonomous vehicles (AVs), software-enabled services, and subscriptions while strengthening our market position in profitable internal combustion engine vehicles. We will execute our strategy with a diverse team and a steadfast commitment to good citizenship through sustainable operations and a leading health and safety culture. We continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and government actions taken to prevent its spread, which may affect our operations. We face continuing market, operating, and regulatory challenges due to weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, limitations in our product portfolio offerings, heightened emission standards, labor disruptions, foreign exchange volatility, rising material and services prices driven by inflationary pressures, evolving trade policy, and political uncertainty. As we continue to assess our performance and the needs of our evolving business, additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required, which may have a material impact on our operating results. The ongoing global semiconductor supply shortage and macro-economic impacts continue to place pressure on the automotive industry and our vehicle sales. We plan to leverage our global architectures to increase the number of product offerings under various brands and continue to grow our business under local brands. Our board of directors uses certain non-GAAP measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based compensation plans. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings, and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. We have substantial cash requirements going forward, which we plan to fund through our total available liquidity, cash flows from operating activities, and additional liquidity measures if necessary. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the risk factors section. We have established a LIBOR transition initiative to evaluate the potential impacts of the transition and continue to implement strategies to mitigate risks associated with the LIBOR discontinuation. We believe our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, and available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities are sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements. Our investment guidelines prescribe certain minimum creditworthiness thresholds and limit our exposures to any particular sector, asset class, issuance, or security type. The ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on generating sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. We continue to manage risks related to security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles and in-vehicle systems.