The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including strong home improvement demand and benefits from our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. The increase in online sales in fiscal 2021 was driven by customers continuing to leverage our digital platforms for their shopping needs. Our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds underscore the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales. The increase in net sales for fiscal 2021 primarily reflected the impact of positive comparable sales driven by an increase in comparable average ticket, as well as sales from HD Supply, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Our inventory turnover ratio was 5.2 times at the end of fiscal 2021, compared to 5.8 times at the end of fiscal 2020. The decrease in our inventory turnover ratio was primarily driven by an increase in average inventory levels during fiscal 2021 to support the demand environment. We believe that our current cash position, cash flow generated from operations, funds available from our commercial paper programs, and access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to invest in the business through capital expenditures, fund dividend payments, fund any share repurchases, make any required debt payments, and satisfy other contractual obligations through the next several fiscal years. We plan to invest approximately $3 billion back into our business in the form of capital expenditures, in line with our expectation of approximately two percent of net sales on an annual basis, compared to $2.6 billion in fiscal 2021. However, we may adjust our capital expenditures to support the operations of the business, to enhance long-term strategic positioning, or in response to the economic environment, as necessary or appropriate. The increase in comparable average ticket was primarily driven by inflation, an increase in big-ticket transactions, elevated project demand, and strong demand for new and innovative products. Our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are critical in responding to market dynamics and consumer demands. We generated $16.6 billion of cash flow from operations, issued $3.0 billion of long-term debt, net of discounts, and received $1.0 billion of net proceeds from short-term debt during fiscal 2021. Our total comparable sales increased 11.4% in fiscal 2021, reflecting an 11.7% increase in comparable average ticket and nearly flat comparable customer transactions when compared to fiscal 2020. The increase in comparable sales was supported by our ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions. Our strategic management practices and technology deployment have become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force. The assessment of uncertain tax positions requires the use of significant judgment in evaluating our tax positions and assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items, reflecting the complexity of our operational environment.