The management and franchise segment provides services, including hotel management and licensing of our IP, generating revenue from management and franchise fees charged to third-party hotel owners, licensing fees from strategic partnerships, and fees for managing hotels in our ownership segment. As a franchisor of hotels, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing, and information technology services, while a third party manages or operates such franchised hotels. Our relationships with third-party owners and franchisees allow us to maintain our current presence as contracts mature and also generate new incremental opportunities for property development that can support our growth. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees, and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. The success and sustainability of our management and franchise business depend on our ability to perform under our management and franchise contracts and maintain good relationships with third-party owners and franchisees. Our development pipeline includes hotels that we expect to add to our system in the future, which is aligned with our strategic objectives to expand our global portfolio and fee-based business. We evaluate the economic viability of the hotel based on its geographic location, the credit quality of the third-party owner, and other factors. By increasing the number of management and franchise contracts with third-party owners, we expect to increase revenues, overall return on invested capital, and cash available to support our business needs. Our known long-term liquidity requirements consist of funds necessary to pay for scheduled debt maturities and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness, corporate capital, and information technology expenditures. We have continued access to debt markets and expect to be able to obtain financing, if necessary. We believe that our cash position and sources of liquidity will meet anticipated requirements for operating and other expenditures, including corporate expenses, payroll, and other commitments for the foreseeable future based on current conditions. Our long-term investment policy focuses on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments. We expect that both share repurchases and dividend payments will be reinstated in future periods and result in uses of liquidity. The increase in owned and leased hotel revenues during the year ended December 31, 2021, included a significant increase in revenues from our comparable owned and leased hotels, primarily due to increased occupancy and average daily rate (ADR). The increase in revenues from our non-comparable owned and leased hotels included an increase in COVID-19 relief subsidies from international governments. The increase in management and franchise fees recognized during 2021 was driven by an upward trend in travel and tourism resulting from increased consumer spending and travel. Our IT capabilities play a crucial role in supporting business needs and enhancing operational efficiency, enabling us to respond effectively to changing market dynamics and consumer demands. The pandemic's impact on our operations has highlighted the importance of robust IT infrastructure and effective information management systems to adapt to evolving business environments and maintain competitive advantage.