Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers, and competitors; growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses, in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. The evolution of existing products and new product innovation to serve emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements emphasizes the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are critical aspects of our product offering. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. Our mortgage technology business enables greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to help ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. The ICE mortgage technology network provides originators connectivity to the mortgage supply chain and facilitates the secure exchange of information between our customers and a broad ecosystem of third-party service providers, as well as lenders and investors that are critical to consummating the millions of loan transactions that occur on our origination network each year. Revenues from our fixed income data and analytics products increased, driven by the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, and increased purchases by existing customers. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also need to incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, our integrations, and other investments. The increase in technology and communications expenses was driven by the inclusion of Ellie Mae expenses, increased license fees, and data acquisition costs. Our mortgage technology revenues increased significantly, reflecting the demand for digital solutions and automation in the mortgage process. The strategic management of our technology infrastructure and the integration of advanced data analytics capabilities are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business transformation. We continue to monitor local government mandates in determining our office re-openings, re-closures, and work-related travel, which underscores our operational flexibility in response to external influences. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions globally, but our businesses have remained open, reflecting our commitment to maintaining operational continuity and supporting our customers' needs through enhanced technology capabilities.