Our products provide end-to-end solutions, scaling from edge computing to 5G networks, the cloud, and the emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving. We engage in an intentional effort focused on long-term operating system, system architecture, hardware, and application integration that enables industry-leading PC experiences. We will embrace these opportunities by investing more heavily in the PC, ramping its capabilities even more aggressively, and designing the PC experience even more deliberately. The ecosystem is shipping over one million PC units a day, and we believe there is sustained strength in PC demand. We operate in a particularly competitive market, and our role as a technology leader is more important than ever. Our commitment to creating an open ecosystem is critical to delivering on our ambition. We launched our 12th gen Intel Core desktop processors based on our first performance hybrid architecture, which combines two all-new core microarchitectures instead of one and can scale across PC segments and out to the edge. Unique to Intel, we innovate beyond the CPU to deliver premium PC experiences with Intel Evo and Intel vPro platforms. Our platform products can be a CPU and chipset, an SoC, or a multichip package based on Intel® architecture that processes data and controls other devices in a system. We are leading Intel as we embark on our new IDM 2.0 strategy to develop more competitive products and more capabilities for customers. We are committed to advancing PC experiences by delivering an annual cadence of leadership products and deepening our relationships with industry partners to co-engineer and deliver leading platform innovation. We continue to see an increase in PCs per student, and there is a significant opportunity in the commercial segment, driven by the refresh of older Windows devices. Our DCG develops workload-optimized platforms for compute, storage, and network functions. With unmatched scale, hardware and software portfolio breadth, and expansive partner ecosystem support, we are uniquely positioned to enable the world to unleash the potential of data. Businesses are demanding compute at the edge to drive insights more quickly from growing amounts of data. The proliferation of cloud architectures is now the core of the data infrastructure, leading to the democratization of high-performance computing. The growth and prevalence of the cloud is creating unlimited scale and giving rise to the intelligent edge. We are transforming manufacturing today and expanding what is possible for tomorrow's autonomous operations. We are driving the realization of Industry 4.0 and, together with our ecosystem partners, addressing industry challenges like the convergence of information technology with operational technology. Our technology innovations give researchers powerful tools to make breakthrough discoveries and solve some of the world's largest healthcare and life science challenges. We face intense competition across our product portfolio from companies offering platform products, such as AMD and Qualcomm, and we expect the competitive environment to continue. We have launched multiple products and continued to invest in our leadership roadmap throughout the year. Our Internet of Things Group develops high-performance compute platforms that solve the technology needs for business use cases that scale across vertical industries and embedded markets. Our customers include retailers, manufacturers, health and life sciences providers, researchers, governments, and education providers. We are at the center of a global digital transformation, transforming the way businesses create products, deliver services, and conduct operations across various sectors.