Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We focus on making our technology easy and safe to use. Our systems category includes robotic platforms, software, vision, energy, and instruments and accessories. We also provide a comprehensive suite of systems, learning, and services offerings. Within our integrated ecosystem, our focus is to decrease variability in surgery by offering actionable insights, with digital solutions, to take action with the potential to improve outcomes, personalize learning, and optimize efficiency. We have commercialized the following da Vinci surgical systems: the da Vinci standard surgical system in 1999, the da Vinci S surgical system in 2006, the da Vinci Si surgical system in 2009, and the fourth generation da Vinci Xi surgical system in 2014. Our plans for the rollout of the da Vinci SP surgical system include putting systems in the hands of experienced da Vinci users first while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain. We also plan to seek FDA clearances for additional indications for da Vinci SP over time. The success of the da Vinci SP surgical system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures for which it has been cleared as well as securing additional clinical clearances. We offer advanced instrumentation for the da Vinci Xi and da Vinci X platforms, including da Vinci energy and da Vinci stapler products, to provide surgeons with sophisticated, computer-aided tools to precisely and efficiently interact with tissue. Our learning category includes educational technology, such as simulation and telepresence, as well as technical training programs and personalized peer-to-peer learning opportunities. We have also experienced challenges in logistics, as certain shipping routes have been impacted by port closures. Such global shortages in important components and logistics challenges have resulted in, and will continue to cause, inflationary cost pressure in our supply chain. We believe that the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of da Vinci surgical systems provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes that the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of da Vinci surgical systems are an indicator of the rate of adoption of robotic-assisted surgery as well as an indicator of future recurring revenue. The vast majority of da Vinci surgical systems installed are connected via the internet. We utilize this information as well as other information from agreements and discussions with our customers that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. We expect that our OUS procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term. We believe that our growth in gynecologic procedures over the past several years has primarily been driven by consolidation of gynecologic procedures into higher volume surgeons that focus on cancer and complex surgeries. The adoption of robotic-assisted surgery using the da Vinci surgical system has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers. We have also acquired Orpheus Medical to deepen and expand our integrated informatics platform, which provides hospitals with information technology connectivity, as well as expertise in processing and archiving surgical videos.