The pervasive and increasing needs for semiconductors in many consumer and industrial products, the rapid proliferation of new applications for more advanced semiconductor devices, and the increasing complexity associated with leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing drives demand for our process control and yield management solutions. These trends also drive demand for our other products such as those used in the PCB, FPD, and specialty semiconductor manufacturing, where the increase in technology complexity is expected to continue and further accelerate as more devices become interconnected and dependent on other electronic devices. Our customer base, particularly in the semiconductor industry, has become increasingly concentrated, so large orders from a relatively limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our sales, which potentially exposes us to more earnings volatility. The favorable end market dynamics are driving our customers to make increased investments in our process control and yield management solutions as part of their overall capital investment plans. As technological innovation is essential to our success, we may incur significant costs associated with R&D projects, including compensation for engineering talent, engineering material costs, and other expenses. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. We believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our R&D. The increase in service revenues by 14% in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, compared to the prior year, is primarily attributable to an increase in the number of systems installed at our customers' sites. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. Changes in gross margin percentage, which are driven by the revenue volume of products and services, reflect our ability to leverage existing infrastructure to generate higher revenues. Revenue is impacted by average customer pricing, customer revenue deferrals associated with volume purchase agreements, and the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We account for a contract with a customer when there is approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and collectability of consideration is probable. Our revenues are measured based on consideration stipulated in the arrangement with each customer, net of any sales incentives and amounts collected on behalf of third parties, such as sales taxes. We also offer product maintenance and support services, which the customer may purchase separately from the standard and extended warranty offered as part of the initial product sale. Our arrangements with our customers include various combinations of products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. The timing of revenue recognition, billings, and cash collections may result in accounts receivable, contract assets, and contract liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. We maintain an allowance for credit losses for expected uncollectible accounts receivable and assess collectability by reviewing accounts receivable on a collective basis where similar risk characteristics exist and on an individual basis when we identify specific customers with known disputes or collectability issues. Our liquidity may be affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, spending for business acquisitions, and other factors such as uncertainty in the global and regional economies and the semiconductor, semiconductor-related, and electronic device industries.