The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements. We prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Our business strategy includes the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes, as well as their interfirm transactions and relationships, which reflects the evolving scope of information technology capabilities. We focus on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is underscored in our operations. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The revenues from our assets are primarily received under long-term fixed contracts, and we generally attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms and higher per-unit pricing. Our midstream assets provide natural gas gathering and processing services, and the volumes of natural gas made available to our systems are affected by producer rig count and drilling activity. The profitability of our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation business is driven by the volume of refined petroleum products transported and the prices received for our services, which are influenced by demand tracking demographic and economic growth. Our service contracts may rely on various arrangements, which helps manage the extent to which each party shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices. We also have long-term contracts that require customers to pay regardless of whether they use the capacity, making our business less sensitive to short-term changes in supply and demand. The profitability of our minimum volume contracts is generally unaffected by short-term variations in economic conditions. We monitor the amount of capital we expend in relation to the amount of production expected to be added, and our revenues from crude oil and NGL sales are affected by market prices. Our success in the CO2 business segment can be impacted by the demand for CO2, and we evaluate impairment of our long-lived assets when a triggering event occurs. Management applies judgment in determining whether there is an impairment indicator, and the estimates and assumptions can be affected by various factors, including changes in our business strategy. We utilize both internal staff and external experts to assist in identifying environmental issues and estimating remediation costs. Our operations are regulated by various U.S. regulatory bodies, and we are subject to legal and regulatory matters as a result of our business operations. We utilize both internal and external counsel in evaluating potential exposure to adverse outcomes from legal proceedings. The selection of assumptions used in actuarial calculations related to our pension and OPEB plans can significantly impact our financial statements, and actual results may differ from these assumptions.