We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures, with a significant component of our strategy focusing on program execution and improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services. We invest substantially in our people to ensure we have the technical skills necessary to succeed and expect to continue to invest internally in innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. Our main areas of focus include information technology, including cybersecurity, which is critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We recognize that our customers are resource constrained, and we place considerable focus on affordability initiatives while endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner, with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities as well as growing our international sales. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers, which includes independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. Our strategic plan includes growing our international sales and strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We are committed to flowing down the benefits received from the Department of Defense's modification of the progress payment rate to our supply chain partners. We have accelerated payments to our suppliers based on risk-assessed need, prioritizing small and COVID-19 impacted businesses. Our cash flows may be affected if the U.S. government changes its payment policies or decides to withhold payments on our billings. We incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services, and we monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses, and we assess each contract at its inception to determine whether it should be combined with other contracts. The estimates consider the technical requirements, schedule, and associated tasks, and we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule, and cost aspects of the contract. Our contracts are typically accounted for as one performance obligation, and we recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. We utilize a continuous transfer of control to our customer, which is supported by clauses in the contract that give the customer ownership of work in process. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities. We evaluate the recoverability of our assets for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery by assessing U.S. government regulations, our U.S. government business base and contract mix, and our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs.