Throughout fiscal 2021, we enhanced the customer online shopping experience with improved search and navigation functionality and expanded on-trend inventory assortments. Our disciplined focus on driving operating leverage through our perpetual productivity improvement initiatives resulted in operational process improvements that reduced the amount of time our associates spend on tasking activities and can instead focus on serving our customers. As part of these initiatives, we recently launched a new store inventory management system that provides associates real-time visibility to inventory in their store and reduces non-productive hours spent looking for product. In addition, we expanded our simplified user interface introduced earlier in the year across the sales floor which accelerates the associate training process and allows associates to focus on customer service while reducing customer wait times. We have expanded our omnichannel fulfillment capabilities. During 2021, we converted three geographic areas to our market-based delivery model for big and bulky product. In this new model, product flows directly to customer homes from our distribution network, bypassing stores altogether. As part of our fulfillment capabilities, our customers can also now track appliance deliveries in real time and we continue to expand our same-day and next-day fulfillment options. Our total home strategy continues to gain momentum as we provide a one-stop solution for both DIY and pro customers. We maintained focus on the pro customer with improved in-stock inventory levels and store layout, enhanced service offerings, and expanded brand and product offerings that meet their project needs. We believe we are well-positioned to accelerate our market share gains through our total home strategy. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. Capital expenditures were $1.9 billion in 2021 and $1.8 billion in 2020. Our capital expenditures forecast for 2022 is approximately $2.0 billion. The allocation of our fiscal 2022 capital expenditures forecast includes existing store investments, strategic initiatives, and new stores. We believe these sources of liquidity and our continued access to the capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis, as needed, are adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next twelve months. Our strategic focus areas aim at improving customers' experience and driving improved performance in the near and long term. We are focused on further enhancing our omnichannel capabilities in 2022 across three key areas: expanding our online assortment, enhancing the user experience, and improving fulfillment. We will continue to expand our lowes.com assortment to meet our customers' design and lifestyle needs, while at the same time, enhancing the user experience with upgrades to the visualization and configuration tools we offer online. Our strategic initiatives are designed to improve operational efficiency and enhance customer value through better technology deployment and management capabilities. The integration of technology into our operations supports our business transformation efforts and enhances our overall firm performance. We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. The availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected, however, by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios.