Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses, and other organizations worldwide, enabling them to use electronic forms of payment instead of cash and checks. We make payments easier and more efficient by providing a wide range of payment solutions and services using our family of well-known and trusted brands, including Mastercard®, Maestro®, and Cirrus®. We operate a multi-rail payments network that provides choice and flexibility for consumers and merchants. Through our unique and proprietary core global payments network, we switch (authorize, clear, and settle) payment transactions. We have additional payment capabilities that include automated clearing house ("ACH") transactions (both batch and real-time account-based payments). Using these capabilities, we offer integrated payment products and services and capture new payment flows. Our value-added services include, among others, cyber and intelligence solutions to allow all parties to transact easily and with confidence, as well as other services that provide proprietary insights, drawing on our principled use of consumer and merchant data. Our franchise model sets the standards and ground rules that balance value and risk across all stakeholders and allows for interoperability among them. Our payment solutions are designed to ensure safety and security for the global payments ecosystem. In 2021, our growth rates increased as compared to the respective year-ago period as consumer and business spend recovers. The pandemic has affected business activity, adversely impacting consumers, our customers, suppliers, and business partners, as well as our workforce. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and the related impact on our business. The full extent to which the pandemic affects our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic and its impact on the global economy. We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations, and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, and investments in our business. Our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations. We guarantee the settlement of many transactions between our customers. The risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers but may also be driven by regional or global economic conditions. Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and the acquisition purchase price is allocated to the underlying identified, tangible and intangible assets, liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The amounts and useful lives assigned to acquisition-related tangible and intangible assets impact the amount and timing of future amortization expense. We use various valuation techniques to determine fair value, primarily discounted cash flows analysis, and other assumptions of future business conditions. Our estimates are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.