We are currently unable to estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident in excess of the expenses already incurred. However, we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. We continue to evaluate the availability of stimulus tax credits under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act, the taxpayer certainty and disaster tax relief act of 2020 enacted as part of the consolidated appropriations act, 2021, the american rescue plan act of 2021, and other legislation. We have received employee retention tax credit refunds from the U.S. Treasury totaling $170 million, including $119 million in 2020 and $51 million in 2021, of which we passed through $94 million and $48 million, respectively, to the related hotels that we manage on behalf of owners. We continue to take measures to mitigate the negative financial and operational impacts of COVID-19 for our hotel owners and our own business. We remain focused on managing our corporate general and administrative costs and are being disciplined with respect to our capital expenditures and other investment spending. We expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $600 million to $700 million for 2022, including capital and technology expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and other investing activities. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and equity investments. Our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively. We continue to work with owners and franchisees by adjusting renovation requirements for certain properties, deferring certain hotel initiatives, and supporting owners and franchisees who are working with their lenders to utilize FF&E reserves to meet working capital needs. Our long-term financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. We also remain focused on managing our corporate general and administrative costs and our capital expenditures and other investment spending. We expect to continue to assess the situation and may implement additional measures to adapt our operations and plans to address the implications of COVID-19 on our business. We are currently unable to estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident in excess of the expenses already incurred. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements.