The company provides goods or services related to various technology platforms to certain franchisees that are distinct from the franchise agreement because they do not require integration with other goods or services that the company provides. The company has determined that it is the principal in these arrangements. Accordingly, the related revenue is presented on a gross basis on the consolidated statement of income. These revenues are recognized as the goods or services are transferred to the franchisee, and related expenses are recognized as incurred. The company is in the process of implementing a comprehensive, multi-year finance and technology transformation initiative to migrate its general ledger, financial close and consolidation processes onto new financial systems. The company is performing the implementation in the ordinary course of business to increase efficiency and to modernize the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. As the phased implementation of the systems continues, the company may have changes to its processes and procedures that are expected to enhance the company's internal control over financial reporting. The company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company, provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. The company has also evaluated its business relationships such as those with franchisees, joint venture partners, developmental licensees, suppliers and advertising cooperatives to identify potential variable interest entities. The company has concluded that consolidation of any such entity is not appropriate for the periods presented. The company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, confirm there has been no change in the company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting. The company’s IT capability, broadly defined as the IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs, has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. The company has invested in technology platforms that enhance operational efficiency and support its strategic objectives, reflecting a commitment to leveraging IT capabilities for improved business performance and competitive advantage.