Our organizational structure also includes corporate, which consists of income and expenses associated with administrative functions and projects, and the results of certain investments. The prescription technology solutions segment combines automation and our ability to navigate the healthcare ecosystem to connect pharmacies, providers, payers, and biopharma companies to address patients' medication access, adherence, and affordability challenges to help people get the medicine they need to live healthier lives. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments on a number of measures, including revenues and operating profit before interest expense and income taxes. We are committed to continuing to supply our customers and protect the safety of our employees. The various responses we put in place to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations include telecommuting and work-from-home policies, restricted travel, employee support programs, and enhanced safety measures. We continue to monitor and address the COVID-19 pandemic impacts on our supply chain. Although the availability of various products is dependent on our suppliers, their locations, and the extent to which they are impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, we are proactively working with manufacturers, industry partners, and government agencies to meet the needs of our customers during the pandemic. We utilize business continuity action planning to maintain and protect operations across all locations and facilities. Our response to COVID-19 in the workplace includes changes to our real estate strategy to increase efficiencies and support flexibility for our employees, including a partial remote work model for certain employees. We have observed improvements in prescription volumes and primary care patient visits during 2022 compared to the prior year period; however, the recovery of COVID-19 continues to be non-linear and impacted by virus variants such as Omicron and ongoing fluctuations in case levels. We have worked and continue to work closely with national and local governments, agencies, and industry partners to ensure that available supplies, including PPE, and medicine reach our customers and patients. The results of operations related to our vaccine distribution are reflected in our U.S. pharmaceutical segment. The future financial impact of the arrangements with the CDC and HHS depend on numerous uncertainties. We continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the ongoing impacts COVID-19 has on our business, operations, and financial results. We are monitoring our customers closely for changes to their timing of payments or ability to pay amounts owed to us as a result of COVID-19 pandemic impacts on their businesses. We remain well-capitalized with access to liquidity from our revolving credit facility. Our businesses require substantial investments in working capital that are susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. The pandemic disease caused by the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus impacted our results of operations for the year ended March 31, 2022. We also had favorable contributions from our COVID-19 vaccine and related ancillary supply kit distribution programs during 2022. Our financial review within this form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 results and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. We are a diversified healthcare services leader dedicated to advancing health outcomes for patients everywhere. Our teams partner with biopharma companies, care providers, pharmacies, manufacturers, governments, and others to deliver insights, products, and services to help make quality care more accessible and affordable.