We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging of our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, our market leadership in developed and emerging markets, our deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities, and our efficiency and sustainability efforts, will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We continue to monitor and respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. While its impact is not yet fully known, it has had a material negative effect on the global and local economies and could have a material negative effect on our business and results in the future, particularly if there are significant adverse changes to consumer demand or significant disruptions to the supply, production or distribution of our products or the credit or financial stability of our customers and other business partners. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence and creating a winning growth culture. We have taken a number of actions to promote the health and safety of our employees, customers and consumers, which is our first priority. We implemented enhanced protocols to provide a safe and sanitary working environment for our employees. We recognize the demand for talent and continue to actively work to safeguard, engage, attract and retain our employees. We continue to source raw ingredients, packaging, energy and transportation and deliver our products to our customers. Costs for resources, particularly commodity and transportation costs, have continued to increase. External factors, including the pandemic, adverse weather conditions, supply chain disruptions, and transportation and labor shortages, have impacted and are expected to continue to impact our operating costs. We continue to evaluate the realizability of our assets and indicators of potential impairment. We also continue to maintain oversight over our core process controls through our centralized shared service model, with key controls operating as designed. We believe our ability to generate substantial cash from operating activities and readily access capital markets and secure financing at competitive rates are key strengths and give us significant flexibility to meet our short and long-term financial commitments. We expect to continue to utilize our commercial paper program and international credit lines as needed. Our investments in JDE Peet's and KDP also provide us additional flexibility. We continue to monitor volatility in global consumer, commodity, transportation, labor, currency and capital markets that may continue until the COVID-19 pandemic or related issues are largely resolved. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, product innovation and high standards of product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions. We are also focusing on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on updated threats. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets.