The life insurance industry remains highly competitive, with product development focused on differentiation leading to intense competition regarding product features and services. Insurers are increasingly seeking alternative sources of revenue, focusing on monetization of assets, fee-based services, and opportunities to offer comprehensive solutions, which include providing value-added services along with traditional products. Financial strength and flexibility, along with technology modernization, are prerequisites for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. Larger market participants tend to have the capacity to invest in analytics, distribution, and information technology, leveraging the capabilities of new digital entrants. The ability to adapt to changes in the competitive environment as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic is a significant differentiator to success in the life insurance industry. We have implemented risk management and business continuity plans, which have enabled us to maintain critical business processes, customer service levels, relationships with key vendors, financial reporting systems, internal controls over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with the majority invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans, which are well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. We actively manage our assets using an approach that is liability-driven and balances quality, diversification, asset/liability matching, liquidity, concentration, and investment return. The asset-liability management process is a shared responsibility among various departments, ensuring comprehensive coverage and sharing of risk reporting. We utilize a combination of product design, hedging strategies, reinsurance, and other risk management actions to mitigate risks related to guaranteed benefits. Our risk management framework includes market risk, credit risk, insurance risk, non-financial risk, and liquidity risk, with an integrated process supported by senior management committees. The economic capital model measures the risk in the business and provides a basis for capital deployment, aligning segment allocated equity with emerging standards and consistent risk principles. We continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans in light of market conditions, ensuring we have sufficient liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. Our technology capabilities have been evolving to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes, supporting business strategies and work processes. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical in responding to changing business needs and directions. We believe that our investment portfolio is highly diversified and positioned to perform well in a variety of economic scenarios, including disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The ongoing review of our assumptions and the implementation of mitigation plans are essential to adapt to the evolving business environment and ensure organizational effectiveness.