The COVID-19 pandemic has directly and indirectly impacted our business, with the duration and severity of this impact depending on future developments that are highly uncertain. We continue to address the pandemic with a global task force team working to mitigate potential impacts on our people and business. Despite these challenges, we achieved record annual net sales in 2021. Our growth strategy includes expanding our international business, which exposes us to risks inherent in conducting international operations, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We believe that tailored branding, packaging, pricing, and distribution channel strategies help achieve profitable growth. Our capital structure is designed to optimize working capital to finance expansion, both domestically and internationally. We believe that our strong capital position provides a competitive advantage. We continue to incur expenditures in connection with the development and introduction of new products and flavors, which is essential for retaining and expanding market share. Our ability to introduce new products and adapt to changing consumer preferences is critical for future success. We recognize that the beverage industry is subject to changing consumer preferences that may adversely affect us if we misjudge such preferences. Our historical success is attributable, in part, to our introduction of different and innovative beverages that have been positively accepted by consumers. We must continue to develop and introduce innovative beverages and be competitive in price, quality, distribution, brand image, and intellectual property protection. The risks associated with entering new sectors in the beverage industry, particularly the alcohol beverage sector, and making acquisitions to implement our growth strategy are significant. We are focused on increasing profit margins for both our monster energy® drinks segment and our strategic brands segment. We believe that effective strategic positioning will capitalize on industry growth. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks for the beverage industry, including significant commercial relationships and legislative changes that could restrict the sale of energy drinks. Additionally, we face risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and the maintenance of our brand image and product quality. Our ability to manage legal and regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions is also a concern. We are committed to meeting changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice, and variety. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop and introduce innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences. We must also adapt to the changing retail landscape, including the rapid growth in e-commerce retailers. Our ability to effectively manage our inventories and accounts receivables is crucial for maintaining operational efficiency. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business needs. Our ability to absorb, mitigate, or pass on increases in commodity, freight, and other costs is essential for maintaining profitability. The impact of any disruptions in our information technology systems, including cybersecurity incidents, could disrupt our business or negatively impact customer relationships.