Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic and guidance from public health officials as it evolves its safety protocols. Altria believes that the COVID-19 pandemic altered adult tobacco consumer behaviors and purchasing patterns, particularly in the earlier stages of the pandemic. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the COVID-19 pandemic, including risks associated with the timing and extent of vaccine administration and the impact of COVID-19 variants, and their effect on adult tobacco consumers, including stay-at-home practices and disposable income. Altria continues to operate in a remote working environment for many employees and believes that remote working due to the COVID-19 pandemic has had minimal impact on productivity. Altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain continue to be subject to potential facility closures, remote working protocols, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and inflation. Altria continues to monitor the risk that the business of one or more suppliers, distributors, or any other entities within its supply and distribution chains may be disrupted. Altria considers the impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic that have negatively impacted ABI's global business to be transitory and will continue to monitor its investment in ABI, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on ABI's business and market valuation. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Juul's business, including near-term supply chain constraints, component part shortages, and inflation, in Altria's quarterly quantitative valuations of Juul. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Cronos's business, including as a result of new variants, near-term supply chain challenges, inflation, and market valuation. Altria continues to evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks, specifically focusing on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply, and distribution chains, and on economic conditions. Altria has not experienced a material adverse impact on its liquidity despite some temporary volatility in commercial paper markets in 2020. Altria's tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations but continues to monitor these factors. Altria's operations have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and while the company has resumed operations at its manufacturing facilities under enhanced safety protocols, it continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability. Altria believes that the COVID-19 pandemic has created economic uncertainty, including due to variants of the COVID-19 virus, and continues to create challenges in its operational environment. Altria's management remains focused on the implications of these external influences on its business processes and operational flexibility, ensuring that its IT capabilities effectively support its strategic resource allocation and organizational goals in response to evolving market dynamics.