The cost of revenues expenses consist of costs related to the production and servicing of our products and services and primarily includes related information technology costs, including data center, cloud service, platform and infrastructure costs; costs to acquire, produce and maintain market data information; costs of research to support and maintain existing products; costs of product management teams; costs of client service and consultant teams to support customer needs; as well as other support costs directly attributable to the cost of revenues including certain human resources, finance and legal costs. Selling and marketing expenses consist of costs associated with acquiring new clients or selling new products or product renewals to existing clients and primarily includes the costs of our sales and marketing teams, as well as costs incurred in other departments associated with acquiring new business, including product management, research, technology and sales operations. Research and development expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or enhanced technologies and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily include the costs of development, research, product management, project management and the technology support directly associated with these activities. General and administrative expenses consist of costs primarily related to finance operations, human resources, office of the CEO, legal, corporate technology, corporate development, impairment charges associated with right of use assets and certain other administrative costs that are not directly attributed, but are instead allocated, to a product or service. The change in general and administrative expenses was driven by increases in non-compensation costs, primarily relating to impairment charges associated with right of use assets, non-recurring transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of RCA and higher information technology costs and professional fees. The increase in operating revenues from asset-based fees was driven by growth in operating revenues from all index-linked investment product categories. The increase in asset-based fees operating revenues was also driven by revenues from non-ETF indexed funds linked to MSCI indexes which increased, primarily driven by an increase in average AUM. The total run rate increased 20.3%, driven by an 18.0% increase from recurring subscriptions and a 27.0% increase from asset-based fees. Adjusting for the impact of acquisitions or foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recurring subscriptions run rate would have increased 12.4% and 19.0%, respectively. Run rate from analytics products increased 5.4%, primarily driven by growth in both multi-asset class and equity analytics products. The retention rate for all other - private assets excluding the impact of RCA was 93.7%, 87.0% and 92.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2021, three months ended December 31, 2021 and year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. The company regularly evaluates acquisition and strategic partnership opportunities, believing its liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve planned growth. The company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and on an interim basis when certain events and circumstances exist. The test for impairment is performed at the reporting unit level, requiring significant management judgment including in estimating forecasted future cash flows and determining both discount rates and terminal growth rates. The company must regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which it files income tax returns and adjust unrecognized tax benefits when additional information is available or when an event occurs.