Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. We push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, and we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, and competitive compensation and benefits. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Cloud usage and demand benefited as customers accelerate their digital transformation priorities. Our consumer businesses benefited from the remote environment, with continued demand for PCs and productivity tools, as well as strong engagement across our gaming platform. The investments we are making in cloud engineering and commercial sales are critical to our operational flexibility and capability enhancement. Our commercial business primarily consists of server products and cloud services, office commercial, and enterprise services. The metrics we use in assessing the performance of our business are fundamentally connected based on how customers use our products and services. Our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance. The revenue from office commercial products and cloud services increased, driven by Microsoft 365 commercial subscriptions and strong demand for Azure. We continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. Our operating expenses increased driven by investments in cloud engineering, which are essential for maintaining our competitive advantage and operational efficiency. The change in estimated useful lives of our server and network equipment positively impacted our operating income and gross margin percentage. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is crucial for transforming our firm into a competitive force. The evolving IT capabilities underscore the importance of providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions. The dynamic capabilities of our IT infrastructure support our strategic resource allocation and enhance our organizational effectiveness, enabling us to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands effectively.