Servicenow was founded on a simple premise: a better technology platform will help work flow better. The company's purpose is to make the world work better for everyone. We help global enterprises across industries, universities, and governments to digitize their workflows. The Now Platform enables us to connect systems, silos, departments, and processes with digital workflows that are simple and easy to use. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the Now Platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their employees and consumers. Our internal professional services organization is increasingly deployed as a strategic resource, relying on our partner ecosystem to contract directly with customers for implementation services delivery. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2022, to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. Our subscription services arrangements typically have a three-year duration, and we have experienced a renewal rate of 98% over the last three years. We categorize the workflows we provide into four primary areas: IT, employee, customer, and creator. The products under each of our workflows are helping customers connect work across systems and silos to enable great experiences for people. Our digital workflow products include the Now Platform, IT service management, IT business management, IT asset management, security operations, governance, risk and compliance, HR service delivery, and customer service management. We expect our cost of subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2022, to increase in absolute dollars as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase usage within our customer instances. Our gross profit percentage for subscription revenues was 82% and 83% for each of the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We expect our subscription gross profit percentage to slightly increase for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven by the change in estimated useful life of data center equipment from three to four years beginning in 2022. The increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation and overhead expenses, is expected to continue as we scale our operations. We continue to monitor the actual and potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic across our business. The impact, if any, of operational changes we may implement is uncertain, but changes we have implemented have not affected and are not expected to affect our ability to maintain operations, including financial reporting systems and internal control over financial reporting. Our capital expenditures are typically under cancellable arrangements primarily used to support the installed base and growth of our hosted business. We anticipate cash flows generated from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. We have generated positive operating cash flows over the last ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy. We expect to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations during 2022. The Now Platform is uniquely positioned to enable our customers' digital transformation from non-integrated enterprise technology solutions with manual and disconnected processes and activities to integrated enterprise technology solutions with automation and connected processes and activities.