We rely on information technology, and improvements in that technology, in all aspects of our business. A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of the information technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption or other operational difficulties. Although we maintain comprehensive security programs designed to protect our information technology systems, we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks. Future events may result in more significant impacts to business operations, including unauthorized access to our systems, viruses, ransomware, and/or compromise, acquisition, or destruction of our data. Our failure to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect and integrate our information technology systems may seriously harm our business. If we do not have sufficient capital to develop, acquire or implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing alternative modes of transportation service. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air, discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies, and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. We face competition from other transportation providers, and any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete. We are monitoring and reacting to the evolving nature of the pandemic, governmental responses, and their impacts on our business, including employee availability. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to freight rates, revenue division, car supply and locomotive availability, data exchange and communications, reciprocal switching, interchange, and trackage rights. Significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and resources like locomotives. Changes in workforce demographics, training requirements, and availability of qualified personnel could have a negative impact on our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service. Our business may be seriously harmed if we fail to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect and integrate our information technology systems. We rely on the capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements, including the issuance of debt instruments and the sale of certain receivables. We continue to monitor the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which could lead to a reduction in cash flows from operations. Our operations are subject to regulatory and legislative risks that could affect us, our customers, and the markets we serve. The enactment of laws by Congress and regulation by the Department of Transportation and the Department of Homeland Security could affect most aspects of our operations related to safety and security. Our ability to negotiate prices for rail services, railway operating revenues, and the efficiency of our operations could be significantly impacted by additional economic regulation of the rail industry.