We operate an integrated, reliable and diversified network of NGL and natural gas gathering, processing, fractionation, storage and transportation assets connecting supply in the Rocky Mountain, mid-continent and Permian regions with key market centers. Our growth strategy is focused around connecting diversified supply basins from the Rocky Mountain region through the mid-continent region and the Permian basin with NGL product demand from the petrochemical and refining industries and NGL export demand in the Gulf Coast. Our publicly announced capital-growth projects are supported by acreage dedications with long-term primarily fee-based contracts. We evaluate our operations using a variety of financial and operating metrics to analyze our performance, which include operating income, net income, diluted EPS, and adjusted EBITDA. Management uses these metrics to analyze historical segment financial results and as the key inputs for forecasting and budgeting segment financial results. The changes in commodity prices and demand for our services or products could affect our earnings and operating cash flows. Our operating cash flows can also be impacted by changes in our NGLs and natural gas inventory balances, which are driven primarily by commodity prices, supply, demand, and the operation of our assets. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. Our ability to identify and execute opportunities, including those relating to renewable natural gas, carbon capture, use and storage, and other renewable energy sources, is essential for our growth. The pace of technological advancements and industry innovation, including those focused on reducing GHG emissions, and our ability to take advantage of those innovations and developments are critical to our operational effectiveness. We believe that our IT capabilities, including the ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources, are crucial in transforming our firm into a competitive force. The effectiveness of our risk-management strategies, including mitigating cyber- and climate-related risks, is also vital. Our capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows and short- and long-term debt, and we expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, quarterly cash dividends, capital expenditures, and maturities of long-term debt. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually, and our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates, such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. The ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment, and regulatory assets in our state and FERC-regulated rates is also a consideration for our financial performance. Our long-term financing requirements are expected to be funded by issuing long-term notes, and we may manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt, and interest-rate swaps. The impact of unforeseen changes in interest rates, debt and equity markets, inflation rates, economic recession, and other external factors could affect our operations and financial performance.