We are influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors that impact both our industry and our consumers. The strength of our distribution network and our strong supplier relationships allowed us to maintain better in-stock inventory positions than the broader market and contributed to our sales growth. Our comparable store sales increase for the year ended December 31, 2021, was driven by increases in average ticket and transaction counts for both professional service provider and DIY customers. The increased sales are the result of store growth, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory from our regional distribution centers and hub store network, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, and a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events. The increase in average ticket values continues to be positively impacted by the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better-engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. These better-engineered, more technically advanced vehicles require less frequent repairs, as the component parts are more durable and last for longer periods of time. The resulting decrease in repair frequency creates pressure on customer transaction counts; however, when repairs are needed, the cost of replacement parts is, on average, greater, which is a benefit to average ticket values. Our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, operate and maintain our existing stores, and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. We expect to fund our short- and long-term cash and capital requirements with our primary sources of liquidity, which include funds generated from the normal course of our business operations and borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended December 31, 2021, was due to a benefit from selling through inventory purchased prior to recent acquisition cost increases and corresponding selling price increases, partially offset by increased distribution costs. Our material cash requirements necessary to maintain the current operations of our long-term business strategy include, but are not limited to, inventory purchases, human capital obligations, including payroll and benefits, contractual obligations, including debt and interest obligations, capital expenditures, payment of income taxes, and other operational priorities. We continue to keep our stores open and operating to meet our customers' critical needs while also ensuring the safety of our team members and customers through strict adherence to safety protocols. The government stimulus payments, enhanced unemployment benefits, and general economic recovery, including lifting of stay-at-home orders and associated ongoing market reopenings, when combined with positive industry dynamics, such as consumers investing in existing vehicles, contributed to strong demand in the year ended December 31, 2021. We believe the key drivers of current and future long-term demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, and average vehicle age.