We continue to make investments in technology a priority as companies look to leverage technology solutions to maintain operations, stay connected to employees, and increase productivity. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong service delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. A key component of our service delivery strategy is to be a proactive partner with our clients and to develop and release integrated solutions within Paychex Flex to meet their current and future needs. Our fiscal 2021 technology and solution developments provide a unique combination of data, technology, and service designed to meet the evolving needs of employers and employees. We have continued to evolve our products to help business leaders find, hire, and retain employees quickly and effectively with an eye on driving engagement and managing labor costs. Our portfolio of HCM and employee benefit-related services is disaggregated into two categories, (1) management solutions and (2) professional employer organization and insurance solutions. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance solutions by being an essential partner to small- and medium-sized businesses across the United States and parts of Europe. We support our small-business clients, reducing the complexity and risk of running their own payroll, while ensuring greater accuracy with up-to-date tax rates and regulatory information. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; increasing client satisfaction; expanding our leadership in HR; growing our client base; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in sales and marketing and leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. The Paychex Flex platform allows clients to choose the services and software that will meet the needs of their business. We have continued to update tools in near real-time throughout the COVID-19 pandemic in response to changes in regulations. Our digital communication solutions, including Paychex Flex HR Connect and HR Conversations, help strengthen connections and keep workers engaged no matter their work location. Our enhanced onboarding self-service experience simplifies the user experience for entering and reviewing new-hire information and includes the ability to invite employees to complete onboarding and documentation digitally. Our enhanced data analytics and live reports throughout the platform improve access to critical data, positioning businesses to uncover opportunities to create a more diverse and equitable workforce while meeting compliance requirements. We continue to strengthen our position in the industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, businesses of all sizes, and other interested parties. Our blend of technology and service provides valuable tools and resources to assist our clients and their employees during this critical time and beyond. We are well-positioned with a broad portfolio of innovative technology and products along with our unparalleled expertise to meet the continuing needs of businesses and help them succeed and thrive as they begin to bring employees back to work and adjust to the changes of how, where, and when work gets done.