PG&E Corporation and the utility have implemented operational changes and investments that reduce wildfire risk, including the EPSs, PSPS, vegetation management, asset inspection, and system hardening programs. The utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows may be materially affected by uncertainties in connection with future wildfires, wildfire insurance, and AB 1054. The utility is subject to a number of legal and regulatory requirements related to its wildfire mitigation efforts, which require periodic inspections of electric assets and ongoing reporting related to this work. The success of the utility's wildfire mitigation efforts depends on many factors, including whether the utility is able to retain or contract for the workforce necessary to execute its wildfire mitigation actions. The utility's financial results may be impacted by the timing and outcome of its FERC TO18 rate case and the resulting impact on the TO19 and TO20 rate cases, 2023 GRC, WMCE applications, and its ability to timely recover costs not currently in rates, including costs already incurred and future costs tracked in its CEMA, WEMA, WMPMA, FRMMA, CPPMA, VMBA, WMBA, and RTBA. The utility's cash flows from operating activities primarily consist of receipts from customers less payments of operating expenses, other than expenses such as depreciation that do not require the use of cash. The utility's investing activities primarily consist of the construction of new and replacement facilities necessary to provide safe and reliable electricity and natural gas services to its customers. The utility's ability to fund operations, finance capital expenditures, make scheduled principal and interest payments, and make distributions to PG&E Corporation depends on the levels of its operating cash flows and access to the capital and credit markets. The utility's current authorized revenue requirement for natural gas transportation and storage service to non-core customers is not balancing account protected. The utility uses value-at-risk to measure its shareholders' exposure to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates, and counterparty credit. The utility actively manages market risk through risk management programs designed to support business objectives, discourage unauthorized risk-taking, reduce commodity cost volatility, and manage cash flows. The utility's risk management activities include the use of physical and financial instruments such as forward contracts, futures, swaps, options, and other instruments and agreements. The utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows have been and could continue to be significantly affected by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. The utility has established the CPPMA memorandum accounts for tracking costs related to the CPUC's emergency authorization and order, which, as of December 31, 2021, totaled $49 million and is reflected in long-term regulatory assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The utility's wildfire fund is expected to be capitalized with contributions from California's three large electric IOUs, which will be effectively borne by their respective shareholders, as they will not be permitted to recover these costs through rates. The utility's contributions to the wildfire fund are allocated among the IOUs pursuant to a "wildfire fund allocation metric" based on land area in the applicable IOU's service territory classified as HFTDs and adjusted to account for risk mitigation efforts. The utility's wildfire fund allocation metric is 64.2%. The utility has recorded material accruals for various wildfire-related, enforcement and legal matters, and environmental remediation liabilities. The utility's wildfire-related liabilities depend on various factors, including negotiations and settlements or the cause of each fire, contributing causes of the fires, and the extent to which future claims arise. The utility records a wildfire-related liability when it determines that a loss is probable and it can reasonably estimate the loss or a range of losses.