We believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. R&D is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients' lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies that may be the most impactful for patients. Innovation, drug discovery, and development are critical to our success. In addition to discovering and developing new products, our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. We seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers, and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities, including advances in both biological science and digital technology that are enhancing the delivery of breakthrough new medicines and vaccines. Our business development initiatives are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. We are transforming our commercial go-to-market model in the way we engage patients and physicians. We are taking steps to restructure our corporate enabling functions to appropriately support our business, R&D, and platform functions. Our response to COVID-19 has included significant investments in breakthrough science and global manufacturing, and we have collaborated with BioNTech to jointly develop a COVID-19 vaccine. We continue to evaluate our vaccine and are studying candidates to potentially prevent COVID-19 caused by new and emerging variants. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business, operations, and financial condition, and we are focused on all aspects of our business, implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible, including by using digital technology to assist in operations for our commercial, manufacturing, R&D, and corporate enabling functions globally. We have adapted our promotional platform by amplifying our digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers to provide critical education and information, including increasing the scale of our remote engagement. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact, including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers, and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. Our clinical trials progressed through innovation, such as decentralized visits to accommodate participants' ability to maintain scheduled visits, as well as working with suppliers to manage the shortage of certain clinical supplies. We are committed to engaging our customers in the manner they prefer, taking a hybrid approach of virtual and in-person engagements and saw customer response to both approaches. We have not seen a significant disruption to our supply chain, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. However, we are seeing an increase in overall demand in the industry for certain components and raw materials potentially constraining available supply, which could have a future impact on our business.