Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical, as is the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. IT capability has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The management of our business and review of our operating fundamentals on an owned and managed basis allows for an understanding of the entire impact on the financial statements, affecting both the real estate operations and strategic capital segments. Our strategic capital segment includes revenues from asset management and property management services performed, which fluctuate due to changes in the size of the portfolios through acquisitions and dispositions. The allocation of costs related to property management and leasing functions is essential for understanding performance metrics. The increase in asset valuations in our co-investment ventures is a significant driver of returns that can translate into earning future promote revenues. We capitalize certain internal costs, including salaries and related expenses, directly related primarily to our development activities. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities and distributions from co-investment ventures is considered adequate to meet anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. The completion of the development and leasing of properties in our consolidated development portfolio is critical, as is the development of new properties that may be held for long-term investment or subsequently contributed to unconsolidated co-investment ventures. Our investment activities are influenced by market conditions, and we expect to fund our cash needs principally from fees earned for services performed on behalf of co-investment ventures, distributions received from co-investment ventures, and proceeds from the contributions of properties to current or future co-investment ventures. The ability to manage foreign currency exchange risk related to investments in and earnings from foreign investments is also a critical factor in our operational strategy. We recognize the importance of maintaining sufficient liquidity and refinancing maturing debt, and there can be no assurance that the co-investment ventures will be able to refinance any maturing indebtedness on favorable terms. Our strategic management practices and technology management capabilities are essential for evaluating performance and making informed investment decisions, thereby enhancing our organizational effectiveness and operational efficiency.