We are a leading international tobacco company working to deliver a smoke-free future and evolving our portfolio for the long-term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. Since 2008, we have invested more than $9 billion to develop, scientifically substantiate and commercialize innovative smoke-free products for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, with the goal of completely ending the sale of cigarettes. This includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. With a strong foundation and significant expertise in life sciences, we announced our ambition to expand into wellness and healthcare areas and deliver innovative products and solutions that aim to address unmet patient and consumer needs. During 2021, we laid the foundation for our long-term growth ambitions beyond nicotine in wellness and healthcare, including milestone acquisitions which provide essential capabilities for future product development. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. The current global semiconductor shortage has resulted in a tightness in iqos device supply in the second half of 2021. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the iqos device supply situation eased, resulting in improved iqos user growth versus the third quarter. We expect an improving iqos device supply situation, with a gradual return to an unconstrained iqos user quarterly growth progression. We have appealed the patent and statutory issues related to the importation ban and cease-and-desist orders imposed by the U.S. International Trade Commission relating to iqos platform 1 products. The ITC decision has no bearing outside the U.S.; competitor lawsuits based on the same patent families have repeatedly and universally failed in European courts and the European patent office. During 2021, PMI acquired several companies, including vectura group plc, an inhaled therapeutics company, and fertin pharma a/s, a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative pharmaceutical and well-being products. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. This net revenue growth reflects the continued strength of iqos, and the recovery of the combustible business in many markets from the low base in 2020 due to the impact of COVID-19. The favorable impact of currency fluctuations during the reporting period primarily results from the fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, especially against the euro. Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 180 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. We have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands, and our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries.