We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and leverage technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, including expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms. Our capital and liquidity priorities are to support customers, fund business investments, and return excess capital to shareholders, while maintaining appropriate capital in light of economic conditions and regulatory expectations. We aim to grow our market share and drive higher returns by delivering value-added solutions that help our clients better run their organizations, all while maintaining prudent risk and expense management. The integration of BBVA, including its U.S. banking subsidiary, BBVA USA, with that of PNC and PNC Bank may be more difficult to achieve than anticipated or have unanticipated adverse results. Our ability to integrate BBVA successfully may be adversely affected by the fact that this transaction results in us entering several geographical markets where we did not previously have any meaningful presence. We are actively focused on the timely incorporation of applicable regulatory pronouncements into our enterprise risk management framework. Our enterprise risk management framework consists of seven core components that provide executive management and the board of directors with an aggregate view of significant risks impacting the organization. We encounter risk as part of the normal course of operating our business, and we design our risk governance framework to help manage this risk. Our risk culture reinforces the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior. Managing risk is every employee's responsibility, and all employees are responsible for understanding our enterprise risk appetite statement and how risk management applies to their respective roles and responsibilities. We strive to ensure that our overall enterprise strategy is within acceptable risk parameters through our risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning, and stress testing processes. Our risk appetite metrics reflect material risks, align with our established risk appetite framework, balance risk and reward, leverage analytics, and are adjusted to changes in the external and internal risk environments. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our technology and systems risk management is responsible for the use, operation, and adoption of technology. We are continually assessing our current branch network for optimization opportunities as usage of alternative channels has increased. We aim to differentiate the customer experience by leveraging technology to make banking easier for our customers. Our digital capabilities are emphasized while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network. Our national expansion strategy is designed to grow customers with digitally-led banking and a thin branch network as we expand into new markets. We are focused on meeting the financial needs of our customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking, and investment products.