In order to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors and execute on our climate initiatives and long-term sustainability strategies, we have embarked on our multi-year property of tomorrow program to enhance the energy efficiency of our properties, upgrade the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience, and rebrand our properties through more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage. We expect to complete the program by the end of 2025. The increase in centralized management costs in 2021 was due primarily to an increase in technology and data team costs that support property operations. We expect increases in centralized management costs in 2022 due to continued investment in our technology and data platforms that support our property operations. Our strong financial profile continues to enable effective access to capital markets in order to support our growth. We believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers and, in the case of LED lighting and solar panels, reduce operating costs. Our capital expenditures in recent years have included incremental expenditures to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors pursuant to a multi-year program. We spent approximately $130 million in 2021 and expect to spend approximately $180 million in 2022 on this effort. We have made investments in energy-saving technology such as solar power and LED lights, which generate favorable returns on investment in the form of lower utility usage. The analysis of impairment of our long-lived assets involves identification of indicators of impairment, including unfavorable operational results and significant cost overruns on construction, projections of future operating cash flows, and estimates of fair values, all of which require significant judgment and subjectivity. We believe the following are our critical accounting estimates, because they are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the portrayal of our financial condition and results, and they require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that involve a significant level of uncertainty. The preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis based on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances to determine reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income and our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth within our same store facilities. Accordingly, a significant portion of management's time is devoted to maximizing cash flows from our existing self-storage facility portfolio. We have grown and plan to continue to grow through the acquisition and development of new facilities and expansion of our existing self-storage facilities. We expect to continue to seek to add projects to maintain and increase our robust pipeline. Our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage facilities in certain municipalities. We believe that our cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing cash requirements for interest payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future.