The performance of our business generally depends on our ability to obtain contracts with customers and to effectively deliver the services provided under those contracts. Our services are typically provided pursuant to master service agreements, repair and maintenance contracts, and fixed price and non-fixed price new construction contracts. We believe there are long-term growth opportunities across our industries, and we continue to have a positive long-term outlook. Utilities are continuing to invest significant capital in their electric power delivery systems, particularly transmission, substation, and distribution infrastructure, through multi-year, multi-billion dollar grid modernization and reliability programs, which have provided, and are expected to continue to provide, demand for our services. Furthermore, to the extent that electrification trends increase, including through electric vehicle adoption, demand for electricity could be greater than currently anticipated. To accommodate this growth, we expect continued demand for new or expanded transmission, substation, and distribution infrastructure to reliably transport power to meet demand driven by electrification and the modification and reengineering of existing infrastructure. In order to reliably and efficiently deliver power, utilities are also integrating smart grid technologies into distribution systems to improve grid management and create efficiencies. Our services related to the development and construction of related infrastructure, including high-voltage electric transmission and substation infrastructure, are necessary to interconnect and transmit electricity from new renewable energy generation facilities into the existing electric power grid and enhance grid reliability. We believe the transition to a carbon-neutral economy will require sizeable long-term investment in renewable generation and related infrastructure, including meaningful repowering and modernization of existing assets. We believe increased battery storage can support increased renewable energy development by providing shorter-term storage of electricity from renewable energy generation, particularly from solar facilities. We also believe there are significant long-term opportunities for our services, including our high-pressure and critical-path turnaround services, as well as our capabilities with respect to instrumentation and electrical services, piping, fabrication, and storage tanks services. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through strategic relationships with universities, the military, and unions and the expansion and development of our training facility and postsecondary educational institution. The regulatory environment creates both challenges and opportunities for our business, and in recent years our margins have been impacted by regulatory and permitting delays, as well as private legal challenges related to regulatory requirements. However, we believe that there are also several existing, pending, or proposed legislative or regulatory actions that may alleviate certain regulatory and permitting issues and positively impact long-term demand, particularly in connection with electric power infrastructure and renewable energy spending. Our capital deployment priorities that require the use of cash include working capital to fund ongoing operating needs, capital expenditures to meet anticipated demand for our services, acquisitions and investments to facilitate the long-term growth and sustainability of our business, and return of capital to stockholders. We expect capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022, to be approximately $400 million. We anticipate that our future cash flows from operating activities, cash and cash equivalents on hand, existing borrowing capacity under our senior credit facility, and ability to access capital markets for additional capital will provide sufficient funds to enable us to meet our cash requirements.