In fiscal 2021, we completed the acquisition of Nuvia for $1.1 billion, which includes certain in-process technologies and a technology design team with expertise in high-performance processors, system-on-chip, and power management for compute-intensive devices and applications. Upon completion of development, Nuvia's technologies are expected to be integrated into certain Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT) products. We believe that 5G will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. We expect our research and development costs will increase compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to increased investment towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies and certain other long-term initiatives. Our business may be impacted by current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies, which may negatively affect our business, growth prospects, and results of operations. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments about the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio, or pursue new businesses. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles, which has resulted in fluctuations in QCT revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products. The trends for Qualcomm Technology Licensing (QTL) have been impacted by disputes and/or resolutions with licensees and/or governmental investigations or proceedings. We expect commercial 5G network deployments and device launches to continue, and we have entered into several multi-year capacity purchase commitments with suppliers of our integrated circuit products to secure future supply. We anticipate an increase in operating cash outflows as we make payments under multi-year capacity commitments and as we enter into additional agreements with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products. Our strategic resource allocation includes significant investments in research and development, which were $7.2 billion in fiscal 2021 and are expected to increase in fiscal 2022. We also expect capital expenditures to increase in fiscal 2022 to support the increase in our manufacturing and production capacity needs. Our principal sources of liquidity include existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash generated from operations, and cash provided by our debt programs. The acquisition of Veoneer is expected to close in 2022, and we intend to incorporate Veoneer's computer vision, drive policy, and driver assistance technologies into our Snapdragon automotive platform to deliver an open and competitive Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform for automakers and tier-1 automotive suppliers. We believe that our IT capabilities, including our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources, are essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force and furthering our organizational goals.