The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for future periods, business and industry prospects, or future results of operations or financial position. The effects of COVID-19 have had and continue to have a material negative impact on our operations, financial results, and liquidity. Given the ongoing effects of COVID-19 on our operations and global bookings, we have identified the estimation of our future liquidity requirements as a critical accounting policy. The assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements are frequently and continuously evaluated because of the unprecedented environment that we are experiencing due to COVID-19. We have taken and will continue to take actions to improve our liquidity, including reduction of capital expenditures and amending credit agreements to defer payments and covenant requirements. We employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values, as well as to determine the net cost basis of assets being replaced. Our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. We periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long-term views on our intended use of each class of ships and the planned level of improvements to maintain and enhance vessels within those classes. The estimated cost and accumulated depreciation of replaced or refurbished ship components are written off and any resulting losses are recognized within cruise operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. The significant deferred drydock costs consist of hauling and wharfage services provided by the drydock facility, hull inspection and related activities, maintenance to steering propulsion, thruster equipment, and ballast tanks. We perform a detailed analysis of the various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. The costs deferred are related to activities not otherwise routinely performed to maintain a vessel's designed and intended operating capability. The adverse impact that COVID-19 will continue to have on our business, operating results, cash flows, and overall financial condition is uncertain and may result in changes to the assumptions used in the impairment tests discussed above, which may result in additional impairments of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, and long-lived assets in the future. We have evaluated our estimated ship useful lives and projected residual values in light of our current environment and determined that there are no changes to these estimates based on our gradual return to service. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships and may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. We continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. The impact of COVID-19 resulted in our voluntary suspension of global cruise operations from March 2020 up to our gradual resumption of operations primarily in 2021. The suspension of operations strained our sources of cash flow and liquidity, causing us to take actions resulting in reductions in our operating expenses, reductions in our capital expenses, and new financings and other liquidity actions. The company continues to identify and evaluate further actions to improve its liquidity, including further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses, and administrative costs. We have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. We have committed financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship for the nine ships on order for our global brands, almost all of which include sovereign financing guarantees.