In 2020, we incurred costs related to the redesign of certain back-office software systems, which continued into 2021. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges of approximately $20 million primarily related to the redesign of certain of our back-office software systems. Our corporate entities and other segment include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills, and other administrative functions. We continue to invest in value-enhancing acquisitions in existing markets. Our acquisition growth strategy focuses primarily on acquiring privately held recycling and solid waste companies and environmental solutions businesses that complement our existing business platform. We expect to spend approximately $1.3 billion on capital expenditures in 2022. We intend to finance the transaction using existing and new sources of debt. We are committed to maintaining an efficient capital structure, preserving our investment grade credit ratings, and increasing cash returned to our shareholders. Our guidance is based on current economic conditions and does not assume any significant changes in the overall economy in 2022. We are engaged in 77 landfill gas-to-energy and other renewable energy projects. We recognize our frontline employees for their commitment and contributions to their communities during the pandemic with awards. We incurred incremental costs associated with expanding certain aspects of our existing healthcare programs. We have experienced an increase in certain costs of doing business as a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including costs for additional safety equipment and hygiene products. We may continue to incur similar costs in future years, although we expect the annual amount of such costs to be less than those incurred in 2020. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. We use these measures and believe investors will find them helpful in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. The average price for recycled commodities, excluding glass and organics for 2021 was $187 per ton compared to $96 per ton for 2020. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. We may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. Our definitions of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We believe that the presentation of adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. Changes in these estimates primarily relate to changes in cost estimates, available airspace, inflation, and applicable regulations. We use life cycle accounting and the units-of-consumption method to recognize certain direct landfill costs related to landfill development. We have deferred tax assets related to state net operating loss carryforwards with an estimated tax effect of approximately $87 million available as of December 31, 2021. We expect to invest at least $500 million in acquisitions. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improving return on invested capital while partnering with customers to create a more sustainable world.