We are leveraging the Raytheon merger to undertake various strategic initiatives to transform the company and increase our existing focus on operational excellence. These initiatives include significant investments in digital technologies across our business to enhance our products and services. Our operations include original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. Our defense business serves both domestic and international customers primarily as a prime contractor or subcontractor on a broad portfolio of defense and related programs for government customers. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. We focus on adjusted earnings per share (EPS) and measures to assess our cash generation and the efficiency and effectiveness of our use of capital, such as free cash flow (FCF). Our business mix reflects the combination of shorter cycles in our commercial aerospace spares contracts and certain service contracts in our defense business, and longer cycles in our aerospace OEM and aftermarket maintenance contracts. We believe defense bookings are an important measure of future performance for our defense operations and are an indicator of potential future changes in these operations' total net sales. The change in operating profit (loss) was primarily driven by the operating performance at our operating segments, including the impact of the Raytheon merger. The organic change in net sales, cost of sales, and operating profit (loss) excludes acquisitions and divestitures, net, and the effect of foreign currency exchange rate translation fluctuations and other significant non-recurring and non-operational items. We maintain a strong focus on program execution and the prudent management of capital and investments in order to maximize operating income and cash. We are also continuing to develop advanced technologies, including through specific technology-focused business acquisitions. Our customers are in the public and private sectors, and our businesses reflect an extensive geographic diversification that has evolved with continued globalization. We expect recurring pre-tax savings in continuing operations related to restructuring actions to reach approximately $1.2 billion annually within two years of initiating these actions. The increase in company-funded research and development was primarily driven by the Raytheon merger. We believe that these metrics are strong indicators of our overall performance and our ability to create shareowner value. The change in our fas/cas operating adjustment was driven by an increase in cas expense, primarily due to the Raytheon merger. We have seen indications that commercial air travel is recovering in certain areas of demand; however, other areas continue to lag. We continue to monitor for any further government guidance related to COVID-19 that may be issued. Our expectations regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing recovery and their potential financial impact are based on available information and assumptions that we believe are reasonable at this time; however, the actual financial impact is highly uncertain and subject to a wide range of factors and future developments. The impact of potential sanctions or other actions by China cannot be determined at this time. We are continuously assessing our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation to enhance our IT capabilities and overall business performance.