Synopsys, Inc. provides products and services used across the entire silicon to software spectrum, from engineers creating advanced semiconductors to product teams developing advanced electronic systems to software developers seeking to ensure the security and quality of their code. The company is a global leader in supplying electronic design automation (EDA) software that engineers use to design and test integrated circuits (ICs), also known as chips. Synopsys also offers semiconductor intellectual property (IP) products, which are pre-designed circuits that engineers use as components of larger chip designs. The software integrity business delivers products and services that enable software developers to test their code for known security vulnerabilities and quality defects, as well as testing for open source security vulnerabilities and license compliance. This platform helps customers build security into the software development lifecycle and across the entire cyber supply chain. The company’s growth strategy is based on maintaining and building on its leadership in EDA products, expanding its IP offerings, driving growth in the software security and quality market, and continuing to expand its product portfolio. The revenue growth from period to period is expected to vary based on the mix of time-based and upfront products. The company has consistently grown its revenue since 2005, which is attributed to solid execution, leading technologies, and strong customer relationships. The COVID-19 pandemic has changed the physical working environment of the workforce to working from home but has caused only minor disruptions to business operations. The company has not identified trends that it expects will materially impact future operating results. The semiconductor and system design segment includes advanced silicon design, verification products, and semiconductor IP portfolio, which serve companies primarily in the semiconductor and electronics industries. Designers use EDA products to automate the highly complex IC design process and to reduce defects that could lead to expensive design or manufacturing re-spins. The software integrity segment includes a broad portfolio of products and services to address software risks across the customer's portfolio and at all stages of the application lifecycle. The testing tools and services enable customers to manage open source license compliance and detect, prioritize, and remediate security vulnerabilities and defects. The company recognizes revenue for combined performance obligations under time-based subscription license contracts ratably over the term of the license, as timely and relevant software updates are integral to maintaining the utility of the software licenses. The company’s operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are essential for sustaining its competitive advantage in the market. The management must make significant estimates and assumptions regarding revenue recognition, which can affect the reported amounts of assets and revenues. The company’s future cash requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of revenue growth, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the timing and extent of spending to support research and development efforts. The company may invest in or acquire complementary businesses, applications, or technologies, which may require significant cash resources. The overall credit quality of the company’s portfolio is strong, with cash equivalents invested in banks and securities with a high credit rating. The company has experienced fluctuations in revenues primarily due to customer requirements, including the timing and value of contract renewals, which can impact overall business performance.