In 2018, we set out to simplify Sempra's business model and sharpen our focus on our mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. Our operational and financial results reflect our focus on executing this strategy, which includes the formation of Sempra Infrastructure to develop, build, operate, and invest in energy infrastructure to help enable the energy transition in North American markets and globally. The increase in earnings was primarily due to higher equity earnings driven by increased revenues from rate updates to reflect increases in invested capital and customer growth, offset by increased operating costs and expenses attributable to invested capital. Sempra Infrastructure expects to fund capital expenditures, investments, and operations in part with available funds, including credit facilities and cash flows from operations. Our ability to complete transactions and fund operations is subject to risks, including the ability to obtain regulatory and third-party approvals and satisfy other customary closing conditions. The development of projects is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including securing binding customer commitments, obtaining and maintaining necessary permits and regulatory approvals, and negotiating and completing suitable commercial agreements. We continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on cash flows and results of operations, as some customers have experienced a diminished ability to pay their electric or gas bills, leading to slower payments and higher levels of nonpayment. This situation could require modifications to our financing plans. Our businesses that invest in, develop, and operate energy infrastructure and provide electric and gas services have been identified as critical or essential services and have continued to operate throughout the pandemic. We expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $6.2 billion in 2022, primarily for transmission and distribution improvements, including pipeline and wildfire safety. Future capital expenditures and investments are subject to approvals by various regulatory and governmental bodies and other factors, including changes in regulation, economic conditions, competition, and customer growth. We intend to finance our capital expenditures in a manner that will maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure, but there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so. The ability to successfully complete major construction projects is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Our future performance and liquidity will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, and actions by the California legislature, as well as other matters described in this report. We discuss our employee benefit plans and our expected contributions to those plans, which are based on our funding policy. Our investment in Oncor Holdings is a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity, and we discuss variable interests in our financial statements. The impacts of derivatives accounting on SDG&E's results of operations are typically not significant because regulatory accounting principles generally apply to its contracts. We continuously assess contingencies for litigation claims, environmental remediation, and other events, and actual amounts realized upon settlement of contingencies may differ from amounts recorded and disclosed.