The covid-19 pandemic has continued to cause a significant adverse impact on our net sales, net income, and ebitda as defined when compared to pre-pandemic levels. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and oem products to drive our growth. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. The aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. We believe our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with an aftermarket revenue stream. We provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft to which we supply aftermarket products. We estimate that our products are installed on over 100,000 commercial transport, regional transport, military, and general aviation fixed-wing turbine aircraft and rotary-wing aircraft. Our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. As a result of the covid-19 pandemic, many of our businesses have taken the opportunity to explore new business opportunities by working on developing highly engineered solutions for emerging needs arising from the pandemic. Product solutions currently being explored include anti-viral or antimicrobial technology, air purification, and touchless technologies, among others. The company took immediate and aggressive action to minimize the spread of covid-19 in our workplaces and reduce costs. The company incurred approximately $4 million in incremental costs related to the pandemic that are not expected to recur once the pandemic has subsided and are clearly separable from normal operations. The company continues to strategically manage its cash and cash equivalents in response to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related uncertainty of the duration and impact of the pandemic on the company's business in fiscal 2022 and beyond. The company's capital expenditures incurred from year to year are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. The company expects its efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide sufficient cash provided by operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. We believe our cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity will enable us to make strategic business acquisitions, pay dividends to our shareholders, and make opportunistic investments in our own stock. The company is continuing to monitor for any indicators of impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, particularly as it pertains to the commercial aerospace sector. The company continues to actively manage its accounts receivable, the related agings, and collection efforts in response to the covid-19 pandemic.