We continue to make strategic investments to support our durable operating and financial model that further differentiates Target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth. During 2021, we expanded our digital fulfillment capabilities, including adding permanent storage capacity in more than 200 high-volume stores and doubling the number of drive-up parking stalls compared with last year. Over 50 percent of our digital sales were fulfilled by our same-day fulfillment options: order pickup, drive up, and delivery via Shipt. We believe that our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will over the long term drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix, makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments, allowing investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments. We have invested significantly in our team, including recognition bonuses and the launch of a new debt-free education assistance program. We expect capital expenditures in 2022 of approximately $4.0 billion to $5.0 billion to support remodels, new stores, and supply chain projects. Supply chain projects will add replenishment capacity and modernize our network, including the use of sortation centers to enhance our last-mile delivery capabilities. We have completed over 900 full-store remodels since the launch of the current program in 2017, including 145 in 2021. Our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity. Our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets and our operating performance. We monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using Redcards because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our Redcards are also incremental sales for Target. Our SG&A expense rate was 18.6 percent in 2021, reflecting the leverage benefit from strong revenue growth. We believe our sources of liquidity, namely operating cash flows, credit facility capacity, and access to capital markets, will continue to be adequate to meet our contractual obligations, working capital and capital expenditure requirements, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. Our management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the audit & risk committee of our board of directors. We believe the risk of inventory obsolescence is largely mitigated because our inventory typically turns in less than three months. We have taken various actions in response to supply chain disruptions, including ordering merchandise earlier and securing ocean freight routes. We expect that comparable sales growth will drive the majority of our total sales growth. Our investment choices are guided by a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation, prioritizing profitable growth opportunities and maintaining our current operations and assets.