TJX provides projections and other forward-looking statements in the following discussions particularly relating to our future financial performance. Our results are subject to risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those described in part I, item 1A, risk factors. The significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our global retail operations that began during fiscal 2021 continued to impact our business in fiscal 2022. We entered fiscal 2022 with significant ongoing global uncertainty related to the pandemic. The health and safety of our associates and customers remained a top priority during fiscal 2022, and we continue to monitor developments, including government requirements and recommendations that could result in possible additional impacts to our operations. Our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented, as needed, by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and our credit facilities are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2023 will be in the range of approximately $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion, including approximately $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion for our offices and distribution centers (including buying and merchandising systems and other information systems) to support growth. We plan to fund these expenditures with our existing cash balances and through internally generated funds. The increase in SG&A expense for fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by higher store payroll costs to support a higher sales volume. The increase for fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by increased sales due to stores remaining open for all of fiscal 2022. Segment profit increased by $0.3 billion compared to a segment profit of $3.5 billion for fiscal 2020, primarily due to the increase in sales. Segment profit margin decreased to 12.9% for fiscal 2022 compared to 13.5% for fiscal 2020. The decrease was primarily driven by incremental COVID-19 related store payroll costs and higher supply chain costs, partially offset by leverage on occupancy costs due to the strong open-only comp store sales growth and improved merchandise margin. Our Marmaxx e-commerce sites, tjmaxx.com and marshalls.com, together with sierra.com, represented less than 3% of Marmaxx's net sales for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021, and fiscal 2020 and did not have a significant impact on year-over-year segment margin comparisons. We monitor debt financing markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may incur additional long-term indebtedness depending on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, existing economic conditions, and other factors. The cash outflows in fiscal 2022 were due to the completion of make-whole calls and the redemption at par of certain of our notes. The result of these debt redemptions resulted in a $2.75 billion reduction of outstanding debt since the beginning of fiscal 2022 and will result in more than $90 million of annualized interest expense savings. We expect to pay quarterly dividends for fiscal 2023 of $0.295 per share, or an annual dividend of $1.18 per share, subject to the declaration and approval by our board of directors. This would represent a 13% increase over the per share dividends declared and paid in fiscal 2022. We also have non-cancellable purchase obligations under purchase orders for merchandise and under agreements for capital items, products, and services used in our business, including executive employment and other agreements. The increase in general corporate expense for fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by higher share-based and incentive compensation costs.