In 2021, we are increasingly focused on products and services based on artificial intelligence, robotics, and automation. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs, and increase affordability. We are also focused on ramping production of energy storage products and improving our solar roof installation capability and efficiency. Our cost reduction efforts and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles' affordability, allowing us to competitively price our vehicles in China. We will continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles' performance and functionality, including through products based on artificial intelligence such as autopilot and full self-driving features. As we expand our manufacturing operations globally, we will have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing, and charging infrastructure accordingly, maintaining our vehicle reliability and optimizing our supercharger locations to ensure cost-effectiveness and customer satisfaction. We remain focused on increasing the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short term, given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions. We are simultaneously ramping new products, ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents, and piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies. Our business has recently been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management, our sales growth is facilitating positive cash generation. We expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. We continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business. We believe in the long-term potential of digital assets both as an investment and also as a liquid alternative to cash. Our operating cash inflows include cash from vehicle sales and related servicing, customer lease payments, cash from sales of regulatory credits, and energy generation and storage products. Our operating expenses relative to revenues are expected to decrease as we continue to increase operational efficiency and process automation. We expect operating expenses to grow in 2022 as we are expanding our operations globally. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase in headcount and expenses related to our expanding product roadmap, including technologies such as our proprietary battery cells. Our selling, general, and administrative expenses increased due to an increase in employee and labor-related expenses, as well as increased costs related to information technology and other operational activities. We expect to continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, accurately projecting demand and infrastructure requirements globally, and deploying our production, workforce, and other resources accordingly.