The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. This trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. Our businesses participate in the United States, South America, and certain other international health markets. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macroeconomic conditions, such as the economic impact of COVID-19, and regulatory changes, which could impact our results of operations, including our continued efforts to control health care costs. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness, and environmental, competitive, legislative, and regulatory considerations. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. The ongoing Medicare Advantage funding pressure places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We believe COVID-19 will continue to influence customer and consumer behavior, both during and after the pandemic, which could impact how and where care is delivered and the manner in which consumers wish to receive their prescription drugs or infusion services. Our credit ratings as of December 31, 2021, were as follows: Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch, A.M. Best ratings outlook ratings. The availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, credit ratings, debt covenants, and other contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements, and economic and market conditions. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs. We continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs, and technology applications and may include acquisitions. Our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to, among other things, minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by their respective jurisdictions, and restrictions on the timing and amount of dividends paid to their parent companies. We utilize various metrics to evaluate and manage our reportable segments, including individuals served by UnitedHealthcare by major market segment and funding arrangement, people served by Optum Health, and adjusted scripts for Optum Rx. These metrics are the main drivers of revenue, earnings, and cash flows at each business.