The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We analyze the net financial results of the railroad as one segment due to the integrated nature of the rail network. Our results during 2021 continued to be impacted by the effects of COVID, notably supply chain issues in the automotive industry due to semiconductor chip shortages and congestion in several parts of the intermodal supply chain. The elevated demand adversely affected the ports, chassis availability, truck driver supply, and warehouse receiving capacity, which limited our revenue growth by slowing asset turns and increasing costs through lower freight car velocity and multiple container handlings that impeded our operating efficiency. We faced many operational challenges throughout 2021, including global supply chain disruptions, which required adjustments to our transportation plans and impacted overall fluidity of the network. To assist with improving network fluidity, we are maintaining higher crew and locomotive resources in the short term. We will continue transforming our railroad to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Our initiatives will be informed by recommendations identified in the third-party assessment of the effectiveness of our safety program. We will continue to use technology, risk assessments, training, employee engagement, quality control, and targeted capital investments to enhance operational performance and efficiency. Our capital plan for 2022 is expected to be approximately $3.3 billion, which includes targeted freight car acquisitions, investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, and continuous modernization of our locomotive fleet. We expect volume to outpace industrial production in 2022 as the results of our business development efforts are bringing new customers to our railroad. We will focus on efficiently managing operations; seeking new business opportunities; protecting our employees, customers, and communities; and providing excellent service to our customers. Our operating ratio of 57.2% was an all-time record and improved 2.7 points compared to 2020, driven by core pricing gains, productivity initiatives, and positive mix of traffic. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity, analyzing a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is dependent on our financial stability. We expect to continue to have access to liquidity through various sources or activities, including increasing the utilization of our receivables facility and issuing commercial paper. We will continue to adapt to protect the safety of our employees, our customers, and the communities we serve, utilizing data to identify and mitigate risk, detect rail defects, and improve operational efficiency. The impact of the semiconductor chip shortage and global supply chain disruptions may continue to affect our shipments and operational performance. We are dedicated to maintaining a healthy workplace and continue monitoring COVID case levels, modifying our policies as needed to protect employees and minimize the risk of workplace transmission. Our business strategy aligns with our capital investments, operational efficiency, and technology deployment to enhance our competitive positioning in the market.