We utilize a proprietary software application, Total Control速, which provides our key customers with a single in-house software application that enables them to monitor and manage all their equipment needs. Total Control速 is a unique customer offering that enables us to develop strong, long-term relationships with our larger customers. Our digital capabilities, including our Total Control速 platform, allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service. Our general strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, and, in particular, calls for a consistently superior standard of service to customers, often provided through a single lead contact who can coordinate the cross-selling of the various services we offer throughout our network. We have focused on customer segmentation, customer service differentiation, rate management, fleet management, and operational efficiency. We continue to implement lean kaizen processes across our branch network, with the objectives of reducing the cycle time associated with renting our equipment to customers, improving invoice accuracy and service quality, reducing the elapsed time for equipment pickup and delivery, and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations. The continued expansion of our specialty footprint, as well as our tools and onsite services offerings, and the cross-selling of these services throughout our network, will further position us as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. We believe that the expansion of our specialty business, as exhibited by our acquisition of General Finance, as well as our tools and onsite services offerings, will further position us as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. Our size also gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, the ability to provide customers with equipment that is more consistently well-maintained and therefore more productive and reliable, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. We believe that these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with these objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. We are continuing to manage the impact of COVID-19, which is discussed above. In 2021, equipment rental revenues represented 84 percent of our total revenues. For the past several years, we have executed a strategy focused on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. Our digital capabilities, including our Total Control速 platform, allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service. We believe that this response plan helped mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our results. Our strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, and we are continuing to manage the impact of COVID-19. We believe that our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our existing operations over the next 12 months. We expect that our principal short-term and long-term needs for cash relating to our operations will be to fund operating activities and working capital, the purchase of rental equipment and inventory items offered for sale, payments due under operating leases, debt service, share repurchases, and acquisitions. We plan to fund such cash requirements from our existing sources of cash.