In 2021, we made significant investments in our digital platform and customer service digitalization to further support our continued focus on optimizing operational efficiency as well as achieving improved labor productivity for all lines of business. Our strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry. Enhancements made through this initiative are intended to seamlessly and digitally connect all the company's functions required to service our customers in order to provide the best experience and service. We also implemented a new enterprise resource planning system which will drive operational and service excellence by empowering our people through a modern, simplified and connected employee experience. The company’s industry-leading asset network and strategic focus on investing in technology that will enhance our customers' experience and reduce our cost to serve are critical in navigating the competitive landscape. Our overall strategic pricing efforts are focused on recovering as much of the inflationary cost increases we experience in our business as possible by increasing our average unit rate. We are taking proactive steps to recover inflationary cost pressures through the price of our service and by managing our costs through efficiency, labor productivity, and investments in technology to automate certain aspects of our business in order to mitigate the inflationary cost pressures we have seen in our business. The impacts of COVID-19 on the global economy increased rapidly during the second quarter of 2020, affecting our business in most geographies and across a variety of our customer types. We continue to invest in our people through market wage adjustments, investments in our digital platform, and training for new team members. We remain focused on delivering outstanding customer service, managing our variable costs with changing volumes, and investing in technology that will enhance our customers' experience. The company has encountered intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental, and private service providers based on pricing, and to a much lesser extent, the nature of service offerings, particularly in the residential line of business. Our business transformation efforts are aimed at ensuring we continue to provide uninterrupted service to our customers through the integration of certain customer-facing and back-office digital platforms. We continue to monitor developments in the waste industry to adapt our service offerings, including expanding traditional recycling services and increasing organics collection and processing. Our sustainability agenda includes expanding recycling and focuses on meeting or exceeding specific sustainability goals around people, customers, the environment, and community. We believe the company's strategic investments in technology and digital capabilities will enhance our operational efficiency and customer service, ultimately contributing to improved firm performance and competitive advantage in the marketplace.