We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. The ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. Our operations are conducted, managed, and presented within the following reportable segments: transmission & gulf of mexico, northeast g&p, west, and sequent. The addition of sequent complements the geographic footprint of our core pipeline transportation and storage business, enhances our gas marketing capabilities, and expands the suite of services we provide to our existing midstream customers. Our strategy is to provide a large-scale, reliable, and clean energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We accomplish this by connecting the growing demand for cleaner fuels and feedstocks with our major positions in the premier natural gas and natural gas products supply basins. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2022 are expected to be in a range from $1.25 billion to $1.35 billion, primarily including transco expansions, all of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements, projects supporting the northeast g&p business, opportunities in the haynesville area, and an expansion in the western gulf area. We also expect to invest capital in the development of our upstream oil and gas properties. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of safe, clean, and reliable energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our business plan for 2022 includes a continued focus on earnings and cash flow growth. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe, reliable, clean energy services to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. The sequent segment includes operations focused on risk management and the marketing, trading, storage, and transportation of natural gas for a diverse set of natural gas utilities, municipalities, power generators, and producers, moving gas to markets through transportation and storage agreements on strategically positioned assets. Our operations are subject to regulation, and we continuously monitor regulatory changes and how they may impact our operations. We consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates for our interstate natural gas pipelines. We are monitoring these sites in a coordinated effort with other potentially responsible parties, the EPA, or other governmental authorities. We continuously seek recovery of the accrued costs related to remediation activities through future natural gas transmission rates. Our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity have not been materially impacted by effects of COVID-19. We remain committed to maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in response to market dynamics and external influences that may affect our business performance and investment decisions.