We operate in the highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce, health and wellness, financial services, advertising, and data service businesses. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. As such, we continue to allocate more capital to supply chain, omni-channel initiatives, technology and store remodels and less to new store and club openings. We measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating, selling, general and administrative expenses. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expanding omni-channel initiatives that complement our flywheel strategy while slowing the rate of growth of new stores and clubs. We define our financial framework as strategic capital allocation. As we execute on this financial framework, we believe our returns on capital will improve over time. We have taken certain strategic actions to strengthen our Walmart international portfolio for the long-term, including the sale of Walmart Argentina and the sale of Asda. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to the duration and intensity of the COVID-19 pandemic; the duration and extent of economic stimulus measures; effectiveness and extent of administration of vaccinations and medical treatment; supply chain disruptions; and volatility in employment trends and consumer confidence which may impact our results. We measure return on capital with our return on assets, return on investment and free cash flow metrics. We consider average invested capital to be the average of our beginning and ending total assets, plus average accumulated depreciation and average amortization, less average accounts payable and average accrued liabilities for that period. Our calculation of return on investment is considered a non-GAAP financial measure because we calculate ROI using financial measures that exclude and include amounts that are included and excluded in the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be sufficient to fund operations, finance our global investment activities, pay dividends and fund our share repurchases for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We project capital expenditures will be approximately $18 billion, with a focus on supply chain, automation, customer-facing initiatives and technology. We operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. Our total outstanding long-term debt decreased primarily due to the extinguishment and maturities of certain long-term debt, partially offset by the issuance of new long-term debt. We regularly review share repurchase activity and consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including current cash needs, capacity for leverage, cost of borrowings, our results of operations and the market price of our common stock. We anticipate that a majority of the ongoing share repurchase program will be funded through the company's free cash flow.