We manage our operations through two geographic operating segments: the United States (U.S.) and international. We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. We develop products across additional categories to address the needs of veterinarians and producers to predict, prevent, detect and treat conditions in both companion animals and livestock, including products and services in diagnostics, genetics, precision animal health and digital and data analytics. We believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology and complemented with our comprehensive portfolio of products and solutions will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. We are focused on innovating across vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, genetics, biodevices, and other product segments, and across all core species. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. We believe that delighting our customers with compelling and personalized experiences that enable them to provide the best care for animals is critical for our success. We view the strength of our leadership team and our talented colleagues around the world as a critical component of our past and future success. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the resulting global recession on all aspects of our business across geographies, including how it has and may continue to impact our customers, workforce, suppliers and vendors. We believe that the ability of pet owners to purchase our products online and from retail stores may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales. However, over time, we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers compared to traditional veterinary practices. In addition, this trend could negatively impact the sales of products we primarily sell through the veterinarian distribution channel. Corporate expenses increased primarily due to increases in certain compensation-related costs, investments in information technology, charitable contributions and unfavorable foreign exchange. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows and our existing financing arrangements will be sufficient to support our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond. We seek to manage our foreign exchange risk, in part, through operational means, including managing same-currency revenue in relation to same-currency costs and same-currency assets in relation to same-currency liabilities. We also compete with companies that produce generic products, following our products' loss of exclusivity in a given market. The animal health industry is highly competitive, and our business is the largest based on revenue in the animal health industry.