ServiceNow is a leading provider of cloud-based solutions that define, structure, manage and automate services across the global enterprise. By applying a service-oriented lens to the activities, tasks and processes that comprise day-to-day work life, we help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever before. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. Overhead costs associated with office facilities, IT and certain depreciation related to non-cloud-based infrastructure are allocated to cost of revenues and operating expenses based on headcount, while facility costs associated with our data centers (included as part of data center capacity costs) as well as depreciation related to our cloud-based infrastructure hardware equipment are classified as cost of subscription revenues. Cost of subscription revenues consists primarily of expenses related to hosting our services and providing support to our customers; these expenses are comprised of data center capacity costs, depreciation related to our cloud-based infrastructure hardware equipment, amortization of acquired developed technology intangibles, personnel related costs directly associated with our cloud-based infrastructure and customer support, including salaries, benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation and allocated overhead. Pricing includes multiple instances, hosting and support services, data backup and disaster recovery services, as well as future upgrades, when and if available, offered during the subscription period. We expect our cost of subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollar terms as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase the number of users within our customer instances, but we expect such increase to be at a slower rate than the increase in our subscription revenue, leading to a slight increase in our subscription gross profit percentage for the year ended December 31, 2015 as we continue to leverage the investments we have made in our existing data center infrastructure. Professional services revenues consist of fees associated with the implementation and configuration of our subscription service, which are performed directly by our services team as well as by contracted third-party vendors. We expect research and development expenses to increase for the year ended December 31, 2015 in absolute dollar terms, but remain flat as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to improve the existing functionality of our services, develop new applications to fill market needs and continue to enhance our core platform. Operating leases for data centers represent our principal commitment for co-location facilities for data center capacity.