item 1a-risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. these risk factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8 of this report.
business and operating risks we are highly dependent on the financial performance of our u.s. and canadian operations.
our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our u.s. and canadian operations, which comprised 87% and 85% of net sales and operating income in 2022, respectively. within the u.s., we are highly dependent on our california operations, which comprised 28% of u.s. net sales in 2022. our california market, in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other domestic markets. any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. declines in financial performance of our u.s. operations, particularly in california, and our canadian operations could arise from, among other things: slow growth or declines in comparable warehouse sales (comparable sales); negative trends in operating expenses, including increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets, including higher levels of unemployment and depressed home values; and failing to consistently provide high quality and innovative new products.
we may be unsuccessful implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, and integrating acquisitions, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to acquire property and build or lease new warehouses and depots. we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. local land use and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouses and depots, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses or depots at specific sites and the adoption of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations, may impact our ability to find suitable locations and increase the cost of sites and of constructing, leasing and operating warehouses and depots. we also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. in addition, certain jurisdictions have enacted or proposed laws and regulations that would prevent or restrict the operation or expansion plans of certain large retailers and warehouse clubs, including us. failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability.
we seek to expand in existing markets to attain a greater overall market share. a new warehouse may draw members away from our existing warehouses and adversely affect their comparable sales performance, member traffic, and profitability.
we intend to continue to open warehouses in new markets. associated risks include difficulties in attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, attracting members of other wholesale club operators, our lesser familiarity with local member preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. we cannot ensure that new warehouses and new e-commerce websites will be profitable and future profitability could be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected.
we have made and may continue to make investments and acquisitions to improve the speed, accuracy and efficiency of our supply chains and delivery channels. the effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than opening new locations and might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return.
our failure to maintain membership growth, loyalty and brand recognition could adversely affect our results of operations.
membership loyalty and growth are essential to our business. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of executive membership, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable sales, diminish member trust, and reduce renewal rates and, accordingly, net sales and membership fee revenue, negatively impacting our results of operations.
we sell many products under our kirkland signature brand. maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of these products is essential to developing and maintaining member loyalty. these products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products and represent a growing portion of our overall sales. if the kirkland signature brand experiences a loss of member acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected.
disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction.
we depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. we also rely upon processing, packaging, manufacturing and other facilities to support our business, which includes the production of certain private-label items. although we believe that our operations are efficient, disruptions due to fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, pandemics or other extreme weather conditions or catastrophic events, labor issues or other shipping problems may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members. our e-commerce operations depend heavily on third-party and in-house logistics providers and is negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
it is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services that our members will desire. our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including those relating to environmental, social and governance practices) and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. if we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns, or we may experience out-of-stock positions and delivery delays, which could result in higher costs, both of which would reduce our operating performance. this could have an adverse effect on net sales, gross margin and operating income.
availability and performance of our information technology (it) systems are vital to our business. failure to successfully execute it projects and have it systems available to our business would adversely impact our operations.
it systems play a crucial role in conducting our business. these systems are utilized to process a very high volume of transactions, conduct payment transactions, track and value our inventory and produce reports critical for making business decisions. failure or disruption of these systems could have an adverse impact on our ability to buy products and services from our suppliers, produce goods in our manufacturing plants, move the products in an efficient manner to our warehouses and sell products to our members. we are undertaking large technology and it transformation projects. the failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day to day business operations. given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, viruses, internal or external security breaches, errors by employees, and catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes. any debilitating failure of our critical it systems, data centers and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore it services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise and failure to provide service to our members. we are currently making substantial investments in maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. failure to deliver it transformation efforts efficiently and effectively could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
we are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes and in compliance with privacy and data protection regulations globally. failure to do so could damage our business, including our reputation with members, suppliers and employees, cause us to incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation and regulatory action.
increased security threats and more sophisticated cyber misconduct pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. we rely upon it systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with virtually all of our business activities. additionally, we collect, store and process sensitive information relating to our business, members, suppliers and employees. operating these it systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. increased remote work has also increased the possible attack surfaces. threats designed to gain unauthorized access to systems, networks and data, both ours and third parties with whom we work, are increasing in frequency and sophistication. cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crimes and advanced persistent threats. phishing attacks have emerged as particularly prominent, including as vectors for ransomware attacks, which have increased in breadth and frequency. while we train our employees as part of our security efforts, that training cannot be completely effective. these threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. it is possible that our it systems and networks, or those managed by third parties such as cloud providers or suppliers that otherwise host confidential information, could have vulnerabilities, which could go unnoticed for a period of time. while our cybersecurity and compliance efforts seek to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we and our third-party service providers have implemented and are implementing, will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property.
the potential impacts of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, diminution in the value of our investment in it systems and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. this could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition and, critically in light of our business model, loss of member confidence. further, the insurance coverage we maintain and indemnification arrangements with third-parties may be inadequate to cover claims, costs, and liabilities relating to cybersecurity incidents. in addition, data we collect, store and process is subject to a variety of u.s. and international laws and regulations, such as the european union's general data protection regulation, california consumer privacy act, health insurance portability and accountability act, and other privacy and cybersecurity laws across the various states and around the globe, which may carry significant potential penalties for noncompliance.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including select credit and debit cards, cash and checks, co-brand cardholder rebates, executive member 2% reward certificates, and our shop card. as we offer new payment options to our members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. for certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees. we rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services for credit and debit cards and our shop card. it could disrupt our business if these parties become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. we are also subject to fee increases by these service providers.
we must comply with evolving payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers. for example, we are subject to payment card industry data security standards, which contain compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. if our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept card payments from our members, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
we might sell products that cause illness or injury to our members, harm to our reputation, and expose us to litigation.
if our merchandise, including food and prepared food products for human consumption, drugs, children's products, pet products and durable goods, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety or labeling standards or our members' expectations, we could experience lost sales, increased costs, litigation or reputational harm. the sale of these items involves the risk of illness or injury to our members. such illnesses or injuries could result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation phases, or faulty design. our suppliers are generally contractually required to comply with product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with safety and other standards. while we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and work to comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption or use of our products will not cause illness or injury or that we will not be subject to claims, lawsuits, or government investigations relating to such matters, resulting in costly product recalls and other liabilities that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and brand image, and these effects could be long-term.
if we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant omnichannel experience for our members, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
omnichannel retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing member expectations and new developments by our competitors. our members are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers, and other devices to shop and to interact with us through social media. we are making investments in our websites and mobile applications. if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
inability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends on the continued contributions of our employees, including members of our senior management and other key operations, it, merchandising and administrative personnel. failure to identify and implement a succession plan for senior management could negatively impact our business. we must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including the continuing impacts of the pandemic, regulatory changes, prevailing wage rates, union relations and healthcare and other insurance costs. we compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
claims for employee health care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. insurance coverage is maintained for certain risks to limit exposures arising from very large losses. the types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. significant claims or events, regulatory changes, a substantial rise in costs of health care or costs to maintain our insurance or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
although we maintain specific coverages for catastrophic property losses, we still bear a significant portion of the risk of losses incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the destruction of, any warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption. such losses could materially impact our cash flows and results of operations.
market and other external risks we face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the retail business is highly competitive. we compete for members, employees, sites, products and services and in other important respects with a wide range of local, regional and national wholesalers and retailers, both in the united states and in foreign countries, including other warehouse-club operators, supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. such retailers and warehouse club operators compete in a variety of ways, including pricing, selection and availability, services, location, convenience, store hours, and the attractiveness and ease of use of websites and mobile applications. the evolution of retailing in online and mobile channels has improved the ability of customers to comparison shop, which has enhanced competition. some competitors have greater financial resources and technology capabilities, better access to merchandise, and greater market penetration than we do. our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail markets or customer expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results.
general economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
higher energy and gasoline costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt levels, foreign-currency exchange rates, unsettled financial markets, weaknesses in housing and real estate markets, reduced consumer confidence, changes and uncertainties related to government fiscal and tax policies including changes in tax rates, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions, sovereign debt crises, pandemics and other health crises, and other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services, require a change in product mix, or impact the cost of or ability to purchase inventory. additionally, actions in various countries, particularly china and the united states, have affected the costs of some of our merchandise. the degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. the impact to our net sales and gross margin is influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost increases. higher tariffs could adversely impact our results.
prices of certain commodities, including gasoline and consumable goods used in manufacturing and our warehouse retail operations, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, inflationary pressures, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, taxes and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity prices and our ability and desire to pass them through to our members may affect our sales and profit margins. these factors could also increase our merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. general economic conditions can also be affected by events like the outbreak of hostilities, including but not limited to the ukraine conflict, or acts of terrorism.
inflationary factors such as increases in merchandise costs may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. if inflation on merchandise increases beyond our ability to control we may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effect of the various cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand. certain merchandise categories were impacted by inflation higher than what we have experienced in recent years due to, among other things, the continuing impacts of the pandemic and uncertain economic environment.
suppliers may be unable to timely supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices or may fail to adhere to our high standards, resulting in adverse effects on our business, merchandise inventories, sales, and profit margins.
we depend heavily on our ability to purchase quality merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. as the quantities we require continue to grow, we have no assurances of continued supply, appropriate pricing or access to new products, and any supplier has the ability to change the terms upon which they sell to us or discontinue selling to us. member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions causing a loss of sales and profits.
we buy from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers. our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key suppliers could negatively affect us. we may not be able to develop relationships with new suppliers, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive. because of our efforts to adhere to high quality standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volumes we demand may not be consistently available.
our suppliers (and those they depend upon for materials and services) are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activities, financial liquidity, natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, public health emergencies, supply constraints and general economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. one or more of our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, packaging, legal, regulatory, labor, environmental or animal welfare standards. these deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to our members. this failure could lead to recalls and litigation and otherwise damage our reputation and our brands, increase costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business.
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
during 2022, our international operations, including canada, generated 27% and 32% of our net sales and operating income, respectively. our international operations have accounted for an increasing portion of our warehouses, and we plan to continue international growth. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we translate the financial statements of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars using current exchange rates. future fluctuations in exchange rates that are unfavorable to us may adversely affect the financial performance of our canadian and other international operations and have a corresponding adverse period-over-period effect on our results of operations. as we continue to expand internationally, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may increase.
a portion of the products we purchase is paid for in a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods are sold. currency fluctuations may increase our merchandise costs and may not be passed on to members. consequently, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, including those impacted by climate change, such as hurricanes, typhoons, floods, earthquakes, wildfires, droughts; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; energy shortages; public health issues, including pandemics and quarantines, particularly in california or washington state, where our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. such events could result in physical damage to our properties, limitations on store operating hours, less frequent visits by members to physical locations, the temporary closure of warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, disruptions to our it systems, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods to or from overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our warehouses or depots, and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. public health issues, whether occurring in the u.s. or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of suppliers or members, or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. these events could also reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible to procure products. we may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in many respects.
the continuing impacts of the covid-19 pandemic are highly unpredictable and volatile and are affecting certain business operations, demand for our products and services, in-stock positions, costs of doing business, availability of labor, access to inventory, supply chain operations, our ability to predict future performance, exposure to litigation, and our financial performance, among other things.
other factors and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:
•the severity and duration of the pandemic, including future mutations or related variants of the virus in areas in which we operate;
•evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates, and recessionary pressures;
•changes in labor markets affecting us and our suppliers;
•unknown consequences on our business performance and initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time and other resources to the pandemic response;
•the long-term impact of the pandemic on our business, including consumer behaviors; and
•disruption and volatility within the financial and credit markets.
to the extent that covid-19 continues to adversely affect the u.s. and global economy, our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition, it may also heighten other risks described in this section, including but not limited to those related to consumer behavior and expectations, competition, brand reputation, implementation of strategic initiatives, cybersecurity threats, payment-related risks, technology systems disruption, supply chain disruptions, labor availability and cost, litigation, operational risk as a result of remote work arrangements and regulatory requirements.
factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business.
we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity in our distribution and warehouse operations. government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may increase compliance and merchandise costs, and other regulation affecting energy inputs could materially affect our profitability. as the economy transitions to lower carbon intensity we cannot guarantee that we will make adequate investments or successfully implement strategies that will effectively achieve our climate-related goals, which could lead to negative perceptions among members and other stakeholders and result in reputational harm. climate change, extreme weather conditions, wildfires, droughts and rising sea levels could affect our ability to procure commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience.
we also sell a substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns about climate change and increased regulations. more stringent fuel economy standards and public policies aimed at increasing the adoption of zero-emission and alternative fuel vehicles and other regulations related to climate change will affect our future operations and may adversely impact our profitability, and require significant capital expenditures.
failure to meet financial market expectations could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
we believe that the price of our stock currently reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our warehouse and e-commerce comparable sales growth rates, membership renewal rates, new member sign-ups, gross margin, earnings, earnings per share, new warehouse openings, or dividend or stock repurchase policies could cause the price of our stock to decline.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
at the end of 2022, we operated 260 warehouses outside of the u.s., and we plan to continue expanding our international operations. future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many similar to those we face in the u.s., certain of which are beyond our control. these factors include political and economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations, policy changes such as the withdrawal of the u.k. from the european union, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade (including tariffs and trade sanctions), monetary and fiscal policies and the laws and regulations of the u.s. and foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities in locations which have been historically less stable than the u.s. risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences, and difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights.
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations.
accounting principles and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations we apply to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including self-insurance liabilities, are highly complex and involve subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. changes in rules or interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance and have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
we are exposed to risks relating to evaluations of controls required by section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act.
section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 requires management assessments of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. if we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact our stock price.
changes in tax rates, new u.s. or foreign tax legislation, and exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection and remittance obligations in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. additionally, at any point in time, we may be under examination for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes. we may recognize additional tax expense, be subject to additional tax liabilities, or incur losses and penalties, due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, assessments by authorities and interpretations related to tax, including tax rules in various jurisdictions. we compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. as tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision. additionally, changes in the enacted tax rates or adverse outcomes in tax audits, including transfer pricing disputes, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
significant changes in or failure to comply with regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to a wide and increasingly broad array of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters. failure to comply with these laws could result in harm to our members, employees or others, significant costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
operations at our facilities require the treatment and disposal of wastewater, stormwater and agricultural and food processing wastes, the use and maintenance of refrigeration systems, including ammonia-based chillers, noise, odor and dust management, the operation of mechanized processing equipment, and other operations that potentially could affect the environment and public health and safety. failure to comply with current and future environmental, health and safety standards could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, illness or injury of our employees, and claims or lawsuits related to such illnesses or injuries, and temporary closures or limits on the operations of facilities.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines, penalties, and remediation costs. we are or may become involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, including grand jury investigations, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort, unclaimed property laws, and other litigation. we cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. the outcome of some of these proceedings, audits, unclaimed property laws, and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management's attention and resources.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data)
the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to promote understanding of the results of operations and financial condition. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k). this section generally discusses the results of operations for 2022 compared to 2021. for discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2021 compared to 2020 refer to part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our fiscal year 2021 form 10-k, which was filed with the united states securities and exchange commission (sec) on october 6, 2021.
overview we believe that the most important driver of our profitability is increasing net sales, particularly comparable sales. net sales includes our core merchandise categories (foods and sundries, non-foods, and fresh foods), warehouse ancillary (gasoline, pharmacy, optical, food court, hearing aids, and tire installation) and other businesses (e-commerce, business centers, travel and other). we define comparable sales as net sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, and sales related to e-commerce websites operating for more than one year. comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit (average ticket). sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to our international operations); inflation and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions. the higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage our sg&a expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long-term. another substantial factor in net sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially the united states. net sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. while we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items, and through online offerings.
our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. we do not focus in the short-term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. merchandise costs in 2022 were impacted by inflation higher than what we have experienced in recent years. the impact to our net sales and gross margin is influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. those strategies can include, but are not limited to, working with our suppliers to share in absorbing cost increases, earlier-than-usual purchasing and in greater volumes, offering seasonal merchandise outside its season, as well as passing cost increases on to our members. our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage).
we believe our gasoline business enhances traffic in our warehouses, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. it also has lower sg&a expenses as a percent of net sales compared to our non-gasoline business. a higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-
term net sales growth. generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales. a decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. additionally, actions in various countries, particularly china and the united states, have affected the costs of some of our merchandise. the degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. higher tariffs could adversely impact our results.
we also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. the negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our warehouse operations. e-commerce sales growth slowed in 2022 compared to 2021 and 2020.
the membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. this format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. our paid membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets.
our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. while we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. with respect to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. this may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. because our business operates on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the consolidated statements of income, particularly merchandise costs and sg&a expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
our operating model is generally the same across our u.s., canadian, and other international operating segments (see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report). certain operations in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack e-commerce or business delivery.
in discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which are the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars. this impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period.
highlights for 2022 versus 2021 include:
•gross margin percentage decreased 65 basis points, driven primarily by our core merchandise categories and a lifo charge for higher merchandise costs;
•sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 77 basis points, primarily due to leveraging increased sales and ceasing of incremental wages related to covid-19, despite additional wage and benefits increases;
•we incurred a one-time $77 pretax charge, primarily related to granting our employees one additional day of paid time off in march 2022;
•in june 2022, the company paid a cash dividend of $208 and purchased the remaining equity interest of its taiwan operations from its former joint-venture partner for $842, totaling $1,050 in the aggregate; and the covid-19 pandemic continued to impact our business during 2022, albeit to a lesser extent. covid-related and other supply and logistics constraints have continued to adversely affect some merchandise categories and are expected to do so for the foreseeable future. during 2021, we paid $515 in incremental wages related to covid-19, which ceased in february 2021.
increases in comparable sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency and gasoline prices:
net sales net sales increased $30,678 or 16% during 2022. the improvement was attributable to an increase in comparable sales of 14%, and sales at new warehouses opened in 2021 and 2022. sales increased $15,830 in core merchandise categories and $14,848 in warehouse ancillary and other businesses. the rate of increase was strongest in our gasoline, business centers, and travel businesses. sales continued to be impacted by inflation, higher than what we experienced in previous fiscal years.
during 2022, higher gasoline prices positively impacted net sales by $9,230, 481 basis points, compared to 2021, with a 42% increase in the average price per gallon. the volume of gasoline sold increased approximately 22%, positively impacting net sales by $3,847, 200 basis points. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $1,762, 92 basis points, compared to 2021, attributable primarily to our other international operations.
comparable sales comparable sales increased 14% during 2022 and were positively impacted by increases in shopping frequency and average ticket, which includes the effects of inflation and changes in foreign currency. e-commerce comparable sales increased 10% during 2022, including inflation.
membership fee revenue increased 9% in 2022, driven by new member sign-ups and upgrades to executive membership. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted membership fees by $42, compared to 2021. at the end of 2022, our member renewal rates were 93% in the u.s. and canada and 90% worldwide. renewal rates continue to benefit from more members auto renewing and increased penetration of executive members, who on average renew at a higher rate. our renewal rate, which excludes affiliates of business members, is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date. we account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period.
less merchandise costs             199,382                    170,684                    144,939
total gross margin percentage decreased 65 basis points compared to 2021. excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, gross margin was 10.94%, a decrease of 19 basis points. this was primarily due to a 33 basis-point decrease in core merchandise categories, predominantly driven by decreases in fresh foods and foods and sundries, and 19 basis points due to a lifo charge for higher merchandise costs. gross margin was also negatively impacted by one basis point due to increased 2% rewards. warehouse ancillary and other businesses positively impacted gross margin by 29 basis points, predominantly gasoline, partially offset by e-commerce. gross margin was positively impacted by five basis points due to the net impact of ceasing incremental wages related to covid-19 and the negative impact of a one-time charge related to granting our employees one additional day of paid time off. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $176, compared to 2021, primarily attributable to our other international operations.
the gross margin in core merchandise categories, when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), decreased 27 basis points. the decrease was across all categories, most significantly in fresh foods. this measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses.
gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin percentage), decreased across all segments. all segments were negatively impacted due to decreases in core merchandise categories, partially offset by increases in warehouse ancillary and other businesses. gross margin in our u.s. segment was also negatively impacted by the lifo charge. our other international segment was negatively impacted by increased 2% rewards. all segments benefited from the ceasing of incremental wages related to covid-19.
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 77 basis points compared to 2021. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation was 9.26%, a decrease of 39 basis points. warehouse operations and other businesses were lower by 17 basis points, largely attributable to leveraging increased sales. this includes the impact of the starting wage increase we instituted in october 2021, as well the increased wages and benefits that were effective on march 14, 2022, and july 4, 2022. sg&a expenses was benefited by a net of 16 basis points due to the positive impact of ceasing incremental wages related to covid-19, partially offset by higher write-offs of certain information technology assets, and expenses related to granting our employees one additional day of paid time off. central operating costs were lower by five basis points, and stock compensation expense was lower by one basis point. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar decreased sg&a expenses by approximately $148, compared to 2021, primarily attributable to our other international operations.
interest expense primarily relates to senior notes and financing leases. interest expense decreased in 2022 due to repayment of the 2.300% senior notes on december 1, 2021. for more information on our debt arrangements, refer to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
foreign-currency transaction gains, net             106                    56                   7
the increase in interest income in 2022 was primarily due to higher global interest rates. foreign-currency transaction gains, net, include revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities by our canadian and other international operations and mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts. see derivatives and foreign currency sections in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
provision for income taxes provision for income taxes          $1,925                   $1,601                   $1,308
the effective tax rate for 2022 was impacted by net discrete tax benefits of $130. this included $94 of excess tax benefits related to stock compensation. excluding discrete net tax benefits, the tax rate was 26.2% for 2022.
the effective tax rate for 2021 was impacted by net discrete tax benefits of $163. this included $75 of excess tax benefits related to stock compensation, $70 related to the special cash dividend paid through our 401(k) plan, and $19 related to a reduction in the valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets. excluding net discrete tax benefits, the tax rate was 26.4% for 2021.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents:
net cash provided by operating activities          $7,392                  $8,958                  $8,861
net cash used in investing activities             (3,915)                 (3,535)                 (3,891)
net cash used in financing activities             (4,283)                 (6,488)                 (1,147)
our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from our operations, cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $11,049 and $12,175 at the end of 2022 and 2021, respectively. of these balances, unsettled credit and debit card receivables represented approximately $2,010 and $1,816 at the end of 2022 and 2021. these receivables generally settle within four days. changes in foreign exchange rates impacted cash and cash equivalents negatively by $249 in 2022, and positively by $46 and $70 in 2021 and 2020.
material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of purchase obligations, long-term debt and related interest payments, leases, and construction and land purchase obligations. see notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for amounts outstanding on august 28, 2022, related to debt and leases.
purchase obligations consist of contracts primarily related to merchandise, equipment, and third-party services, the majority of which are due in the next 12 months. construction and land purchase obligations consist of contracts primarily related to the development and opening of new and relocated warehouses, the majority of which (other than leases) are due in the next 12 months.
management believes that our cash and investment position and operating cash flows with capacity under existing and available credit agreements will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. we believe that our u.s. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our u.s. liquidity requirements.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $7,392 in 2022, compared to $8,958 in 2021. our cash flow provided by operations is primarily from net sales and membership fees. cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to merchandise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories (the difference between merchandise inventories and accounts payable) is impacted by several factors, including how fast inventory is sold, the forward deployment of inventory to accelerate delivery times, payment terms with our suppliers, and early payments to obtain discounts from suppliers.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $3,915 in 2022, compared to $3,535 in 2021, and is primarily related to capital expenditures. net cash flows from investing activities also includes purchases and maturities of short-term investments.
capital expenditures our primary requirements for capital are acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. capital is also required for information systems, manufacturing and distribution facilities, initial warehouse operations, and working capital. in 2022, we spent $3,891 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $3,800 to $4,000 during fiscal 2023. these expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. we opened 26 new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2022, and plan to open approximately up to 29 additional new warehouses, including four relocations, in 2023. there can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized, and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs or based on the economic environment.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $4,283 in 2022, compared to $6,488 in 2021. cash flows used in financing activities primarily related to the payment of dividends, payments to our former joint-venture partner for a dividend and the purchase of their equity interest in taiwan, totaling $1,050 in the aggregate, repayments of our 2.300% senior notes, repurchases of common stock, and withholding taxes on stock awards.
stock repurchase programs during 2022 and 2021, we repurchased 863,000 and 1,358,000 shares of common stock, at average prices of $511.46 and $364.39, respectively, totaling approximately $442 and $495, respectively. these amounts may differ from the stock repurchase balances in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of each fiscal year. purchases are made from time-to-time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under sec rule 10b5-1. repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the washington business corporation act. the remaining amount available to be purchased under our approved plan was $2,808 at the end of 2022.
bank credit facilities and commercial paper programs we maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. at august 28, 2022, we had borrowing capacity under these facilities of $1,257. our international operations maintain $773 of this capacity under bank credit facilities, of which $176 is guaranteed by the company. short-term borrowings outstanding under the bank credit facilities were $88 and $41 at the end of 2022 and 2021.
the company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $224. the outstanding commitments under these facilities at the end of 2022 totaled $184, most of which were standby letters of credit that do not expire or have expiration dates within one year. the bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, most within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities. the amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit outstanding.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the opinion of management, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. we base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. for further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
insurance/self-insurance liabilities claims for employee health-care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. insurance coverage is maintained for certain risks to seek to limit exposures arising from very large losses. we use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. the costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims. while we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material.
recent accounting pronouncements we do not expect that any recently issued accounting pronouncements will have a material effect on our financial statements.