item 1a.    risk factors an investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. we seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. the outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material effect on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. you should carefully consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, before deciding to trade in our common stock or debt securities.
risks related to our reliance on government contracts we depend heavily on contracts with the u.s. government for a substantial portion of our business. changes in the u.s. government's priorities, or delays or reductions in spending could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we derived 73% of our total consolidated net sales from the u.s. government in 2022, including 64% from the dod. we expect to continue to derive most of our sales from work performed under u.s. government contracts. budget uncertainty, the potential for u.s. government shutdowns, the use of continuing resolutions, and the federal debt ceiling can adversely affect our industry and the funding for our programs. if appropriations are delayed or a government shutdown were to occur and were to continue for an extended period of time, we could be at risk of program cancellations and other disruptions and nonpayment. when the u.s. government operates under a continuing resolution, new contract and program starts are restricted and funding for our programs may be unavailable, reduced or delayed. shifting funding priorities or federal budget compromises, also could result in reductions in overall defense spending on an absolute or inflation-adjusted basis, which could adversely impact our business.
we believe our diverse range of products and services generally make it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will affect our business on a long-term basis. however, termination of significant programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. dod's changes in funding priorities also could reduce opportunities in existing programs and in future programs or initiatives where we intend to compete and where we have made investments. while we would expect to compete and be well positioned as the incumbent on existing programs we may not be successful and, even if we are successful, the replacement programs may be funded at lower levels or result in lower margins. in addition, our ability to grow in key areas such as hypersonics programs, classified programs and next-generation franchise programs also will be affected by the overall budget environment and whether development programs transition to production and the timing of such transition, all of which are dependent on u.s. government authorization and funding.
our contracts with the u.s. government are conditioned upon the continuing availability of congressional appropriations. congress usually appropriates funds on a fiscal year (fy) basis even though contract performance may extend over many years. consequently, contracts are often partially funded initially and additional funds are committed only as congress makes further appropriations over time. to the extent we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on a contract or in advance of a contract award or contract definitization, we are at risk of not being reimbursed for those costs unless and until additional funds are obligated under the contract or the contract is successfully awarded, definitized and funded, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
table of contents the f-35 program comprises a material portion of our revenue and reductions or delays in funding for this program and risks related to the development, production, sustainment, performance, schedule, cost and requirements of the program could adversely affect our performance.
the f-35 program, which consists of multiple development, production and sustainment contracts, is our largest program and represented 27% of our total consolidated net sales in 2022. a decision by the u.s. government or international partner and fms customer countries to cut spending on this program or reduce or delay planned orders would have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. given the size and complexity of the f-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program and delivery schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the dod, congressional, and international countries' oversight and budgeting processes. current program challenges include our and our suppliers' performance (including covid-19 performance-related challenges), software development, definitizing and receiving funding for contracts on a timely basis, execution of future flight tests and findings resulting from testing and operating the aircraft, the level of cost associated with life cycle operations and sustainment, inflation-related cost pressures and the ability to continue to improve affordability. our planned production rates and deliveries have been adversely affected and could continue to be adversely affected by covid-19 or supplier performance challenges, which affect our results of operations. for example, during 2022, we experienced a temporary halt of f-35 deliveries due to non-compliant materials in a component provided by a supplier, which affected timing of deliveries. additionally, as described in the "status of the f-35 program" in management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, we are experiencing a pause in aircraft deliveries due to the suspension of government furnished equipment (gfe) engine deliveries and corresponding flight restrictions that were issued by the u.s. government. if not resolved in a timely manner, this could impact our results of operations and cash flows. see also the risk factor below captioned "we are heavily dependent on suppliers and if our subcontractors or other suppliers or teaming agreement or joint venture partners fail to perform their obligations, our performance and ability to win future business could be adversely affected" for a discussion of the risk of non-compliant parts and the supply chain.
we also may not be successful in making hardware upgrades and other modernization capabilities in a timely manner, including as a result of dependencies on suppliers, which could increase costs and create schedule delays. our ability to capture and retain future f-35 growth in development, production and sustainment is dependent on the success of our efforts to achieve f-35 sustainment performance, customer affordability, supply chain improvements, continued reliability improvements and other efficiencies, some of which are outside our control.
we are subject to extensive procurement laws and regulations, including those that enable the u.s. government to terminate contracts for convenience. our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we or those we do business with fail to comply with or adapt to existing or new procurement laws and regulations, which are regularly evolving.
we and others with which we do business must comply with laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of u.s. government contracts. government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and impose certain risks and costs on our business. a violation of these laws and regulations by us, our employees, others working on our behalf, a supplier or a joint venture partner could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts, suspension or debarment from bidding on or being awarded contracts, loss of our ability to export products or perform services and civil or criminal investigations or proceedings. in addition, costs to comply with new government regulations can increase our costs, reduce our margins and adversely affect our competitiveness.
government contract laws and regulations can impose terms or obligations that are different than those typically found in commercial transactions. one of the significant differences is that the u.s. government may terminate any of our government contracts, not only for default based on our performance, but also at its convenience. generally, prime contractors have a similar right under subcontracts related to government contracts. if a contract is terminated for convenience, we typically would be entitled to receive payments for our allowable costs incurred and the proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. however, to the extent insufficient funds have been appropriated by the u.s. government to the program to cover our costs upon a termination for convenience, the u.s. government may assert that it is not required to appropriate additional funding. if a contract is terminated for default, the u.s. government could make claims to reduce the contract value or recover its procurement costs and could assess other special penalties, exposing us to liability and adversely affecting our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. in addition, the u.s. government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, notwithstanding the fact that our performance and the quality of the products or services we delivered were consistent with our contractual obligations as a subcontractor. similarly, the u.s. government could indirectly terminate a program or contract by not appropriating funding. the decision to terminate programs or contracts for convenience or default could adversely affect our business and future financial performance.
another significant difference from commercial contracting is the existence in government contracting of the concept of an undefinitized contract action (uca), which is when we begin performing our obligations before the terms, specifications or table of contents price are finally agreed to between the parties. when operating under a uca, the u.s. government has the ability to unilaterally definitize contracts, which it has exercised in the past and which absent a successful appeal, obligates us to perform under terms and conditions imposed by the u.s. government. this can affect our ability to negotiate mutually agreeable contract terms. if a contract is unilaterally imposed upon us, it may negatively affect our expected profit and cash flows on a program or impose burdensome terms.
in addition to the unique risks associated with government contracts, the u.s. government utilizes procurement policies that could negatively impact our profitability or the ability to win new business. for example, the u.s. government has procurement policies that shift risk to contractors, such as using fixed-price contracts for development programs as described in the following risk factor. other changes in procurement policy that could affect the predictability of our profit rates or make it more difficult to compete on certain types of programs include favoring more incentive-based fee arrangements, using different award fee criteria than historically used (such as the evaluation of environmental factors) or making government contract negotiation offers based upon their view of what our costs should be (as compared to our actual costs). in addition, changes in contract financing policy for fixed-price contracts, such as changes in performance and progress payments policies, could significantly affect the timing of our cash flows. from time to time, the u.s. government has proposed contract terms, imposed internal policies, or taken positions that represent fundamental changes from historical practices or that we believe are inconsistent with the far or other laws and regulations and that could adversely affect our business. also, a portion of our contracts are classified by the u.s. government, which imposes security requirements that limit our ability to discuss our performance on these contracts, including any specific risks, disputes and claims.
additionally, the dod is increasingly pursuing rapid acquisition pathways and procedures for new technologies, including through so called "other transaction authority" agreements (otas). otas are exempt from many traditional procurement laws, including the far, and an ota award may be subject, in certain cases, to the condition that a significant portion of the work under the ota is performed by a non-traditional defense contractor or that a portion of the cost of the protype project is funded by non-governmental sources. if we cannot successfully adapt to the dod's rapid acquisition processes, then we may lose strategic new business opportunities in high-growth areas and our future performance and results could be adversely affected.
our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, and our ability to control costs.
our profitability and cash flow may vary materially depending on the types of government contracts undertaken, the nature of products produced or services performed under those contracts, the costs incurred in performing the work, the achievement of other performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees is determined, particularly under award and incentive-fee contracts. failure to perform to customer expectations and contract requirements may result in reduced fees or losses and may adversely affect our financial performance.
contract types primarily include fixed-price and cost-reimbursable contracts. under each type of contract, if we are unable to control costs, our operating results could be adversely affected. costs to complete a contract may increase for a variety of reasons, including technical and manufacturing challenges, schedule delays, workforce-related issues, or inaccurate initial contract cost estimates. these could be caused by a variety of reasons, including labor shortages, the nature and complexity of the work performed, the timeliness and availability of materials from suppliers, internal and subcontractor performance or product quality issues, inability to meet cost reduction initiatives or achieve efficiencies from digital transformation, changing laws or regulations, inflation and natural disasters. certain contracts may impose other risks, such as forfeiting fees, paying penalties, or providing replacement systems in the event of performance failure.
cost-reimbursable contracts provide for the payment of allowable costs incurred during performance of the contract plus a fee up to a ceiling based on the amount that has been funded. cost, schedule or technical performance issues with respect to cost-reimbursable contracts could result in reduced fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation.
fixed-price contracts are predominantly either firm fixed-price (ffp) contracts or fixed-price incentive (fpi) contracts. under ffp contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur and we therefore carry the burden of any cost overruns. under fpi contracts, we generally share with the u.s. government savings for cost underruns less than target costs and expenses for cost overruns exceeding target costs up to a negotiated ceiling price. we carry the entire burden of cost overruns exceeding the ceiling price amount under fpi contracts. due to the fixed-price nature of the contracts, if our actual costs exceed our estimates, our margins and profits are reduced and we could incur a reach-forward loss. a reach-forward loss is when estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed total estimates of the transaction price. when this occurs, a provision for the entire loss is determined at the contract level and is recorded in the period in which the loss is evident.
contracts for development programs include complex design and technical requirements and are often contracted on a cost-reimbursable basis, however, some of our existing development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis or include cost-type contracting for the development phase with fixed-price production options. we expect we also will bid on similar table of contents programs in the future. fixed-price development work or fixed price production options, especially on competitively bid programs, is inherently riskier than cost-reimbursable work because the revenue is fixed, while the estimates of costs required to complete these contracts are subject to significant variability due to the complex and often experimental nature of development programs. the technical complexity coupled with the fixed-price contract structure of certain of our ongoing development programs or new programs increases the risk that our costs will be greater than anticipated, resulting in reduced margins, operating profit, or reach-forward losses during the period of contract performance or upon contract award, all of which could be significant to our operating results, cash flows, or financial condition. in addition, we have certain contracts where we bid upfront on cost-reimbursable development work and the follow-on fixed-price production options in one submission. this increases the risk that we may experience lower margins than expected, or a loss, on the production options because we must estimate the cost of producing a product before it has been developed. these risks may cause us not to bid on certain future programs, which could adversely affect our future growth prospects and financial performance. see note 1 - organization and significant accounting policies included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for further details about losses incurred on certain programs, including fixed-price development programs.
we also have contracts for the transition from development to production (e.g., low rate initial production (lrip) contracts), where the challenge of starting and stabilizing a manufacturing production and test line while the final design is being validated and managing change in requirements or capabilities create performance and financial risks to our business.
many of our u.s. government contracts include multiple option years and our expected sales or profits may be adversely affected if the u.s. government decides not to exercise the options. on the other hand, the u.s. government may decide to exercise options for contracts under which it is expected that our costs may exceed the contract price or ceiling, which could result in losses or unreimbursed costs.
we are routinely subject to audit by our customers on government contracts and the results of those audits could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations.
u.s. government agencies, including the defense contract audit agency, the defense contract management agency and various agency inspectors general, routinely audit and investigate government contractors. these agencies review a contractor's compliance with applicable laws, regulations and contract terms, regarding, among other things, contract pricing, contract performance, cost structure and business systems. u.s. government audits and investigations often take years to complete, and many result in no adverse action against us. like many u.s. government contractors, we have received audit and investigative reports recommending the reduction of certain contract prices or that certain payments be repaid, delayed, or withheld, and may involve substantial amounts. similarly, like other u.s. government contractors, audits and investigations also occur related to cost reimbursements that are based upon our final allowable incurred costs for each year. we have unaudited or unsettled incurred cost claims related to past years, which limits our ability to issue final billings on contracts for which authorized and appropriated funds may be expiring or can result in delays in final billings and our ability to close out a contract.
if an audit or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including reductions of the value of contracts, contract modifications or terminations, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, penalties, fines or suspension or debarment from doing business with the u.s. government. suspension or debarment could have a material adverse effect on us because of our dependence on contracts with the u.s. government. in addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us. similar government oversight and risks to our business and reputation exist in most other countries where we conduct business.
increased competition and bid protests in a budget-constrained environment may make it more difficult to maintain our financial performance and customer relationships.
we are facing increased competition from startups and non-traditional defense contractors, while, at the same time, many of our customers are facing significant budget pressures and are trying to do more with less by cutting costs, using fixed price contracts, deferring large procurements, identifying more affordable solutions, performing certain work internally rather than hiring contractors, and reducing product development cycles. if competitors can offer lower cost services and products, or provide services or products more quickly, at equivalent or in some cases even reduced capabilities, we may lose new business opportunities or contract recompetes, which could adversely affect our future results. furthermore, acquisitions in our industry, including vertical integration, also could result in increased competition or limit our access to certain suppliers without appropriate remedies to protect our interests. to remain competitive, we must maintain consistently strong customer relationships, seek to understand customer priorities and provide superior performance, advanced technology solutions and services at an affordable cost with the agility that our customers require to satisfy their mission objectives in an increasingly price competitive environment. our success in achieving these goals may depend, among other things, on accurately assessing our customers' needs and our competitors' capabilities, containing our total costs relative to competitors, successfully and efficiently investing in emerging technologies, adopting innovative business models and adaptive pricing methods, effectively table of contents collaborating across our business segments, and adopting and integrating new digital manufacturing and operating technologies and tools into our product lifecycles and processes.
additionally, a substantial portion of our business is awarded through competitive bidding. the u.s. government increasingly has relied on competitive contract award types, including indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity and other multi-award contracts, which have the potential to create pricing pressure and to increase our costs by requiring us to submit multiple bids and proposals. multi-award contracts require us to make sustained efforts to obtain task orders under the contract. additionally, procurements that do not evaluate whether the cost assumptions in the bids are realistic can lead to bidders taking aggressive pricing positions, which could result in the winner realizing a loss upon contract award or an increased risk of lower margins or realizing a loss over the term of the contract. the u.s. government also may not award us large competitive contracts that we otherwise might have won in an effort to maintain a broader industrial base.
we may encounter bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards seeking to overturn the award. unsuccessful bidders also may protest with the goal of being awarded a subcontract for a portion of the work in return for withdrawing the protest. bid protests can result in significant expenses to us, contract modifications or even loss of the contract award and the resolution can extend the time until contract activity can begin and delay the recognition of sales and defer underlying cash flows and adversely affect our operating results. our efforts to protest or challenge any bids for contracts that were not awarded to us also may be unsuccessful, including, the december 2022 protest by lockheed martin sikorsky, on behalf of team defiant, challenging the u.s. army's award under the future long range assault aircraft competition.
other risks related to our operations we are heavily dependent on suppliers and if our subcontractors or other suppliers or teaming agreement or joint venture partners fail to perform their obligations, our performance and ability to win future business could be adversely affected.
we are the prime contractor on most of our contracts and rely on other companies to provide materials, major components and products, and to perform a portion of the services that are provided to our customers under the terms of most of our contracts. these arrangements may involve subcontracts, teaming arrangements, joint ventures or supply agreements with other companies upon which we rely (contracting parties) and, in many cases, our contracting parties in turn rely on lower-tier subcontractors. we occasionally have disputes with our contracting parties, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed, workshares, customer concerns about the other party's performance, issues related to lower-tier subcontractor performance, our failure to issue or extend task orders, or our hiring the personnel of a subcontractor, teammate or joint venture partner or vice versa. we also could be adversely affected by actions by or issues experienced by our contracting parties that are outside of our control, such as misconduct and reputational issues involving our contracting parties, which could subject us to liability or adversely affect our ability to compete for contract awards. the failure of our supply chain to comply with regulatory requirements that we flow down from our u.s. government prime contracts also could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. furthermore, changes in the political or economic environment, may adversely affect the financial stability and viability of our contracting parties or lower-tier subcontractors or their ability to meet their performance obligations.
a failure by one or more of our contracting parties to provide the agreed-upon materials, components or products or perform the agreed-upon services, on a timely basis, according to specifications, including compliance with regulatory requirements we flow down from our prime contracts, or at all, has and may adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations and require that we transition the work to other companies. contracting party performance deficiencies may result in additional costs or delays in product deliveries and affect our operating results and could result in a customer terminating our contract for default or convenience. a default termination could expose us to liability and affect our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. a failure by our contracting parties to meet affordability targets could negatively affect our profitability, result in contract losses and affect our ability to win new business.
additionally, we are affected by government procurement restrictions and issues affecting industry supply chains broadly. for example, u.s. government statutes and regulations prohibit the sourcing of certain rare earth minerals from specified countries. we seek to manage raw materials supply risk through long-term contracts, identifying domestic or other u.s. allied alternative sources of materials that could be subject to embargo, efforts to increase visibility into our multi-tiered supply chain, and maintaining an acceptable level of our key materials in inventories. in addition, advanced microelectronics, including semiconductors, underpin many of our current and future critical technologies and platforms, and global shortages of these products due to covid-19, increased demand or other supply chain challenges, as were experienced in 2022, could result in increased procurement lead times and increased costs and potential shortages, which could impact our performance. we also must comply with specific procurement requirements that can limit the number of eligible suppliers and a significant number of the components or supplies used are currently single or sole sourced. because the identification and qualification of new or additional suppliers can take an extended period of time, issues with suppliers or trade actions that limit our ability to use certain suppliers, especially when single or sole sourced, can have an adverse impact on our business. complying with u.s.
table of contents government contracting regulations that limit the source or manufacture of suppliers and impose stringent cybersecurity regulations also may create challenges for our supply chain and increase costs.
we remain heavily dependent on our supply chain for sourcing contractually compliant components, which is outside of our direct control and is multi-tiered. the future occurrence of non-compliant components in the f-35 or other programs could cause suspensions in product deliveries, remediation work on installed components, contract price adjustments and alternate supply sourcing, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies, products and services and efficiently produce and deliver existing products.
many of the products and services we provide are highly engineered and involve sophisticated technologies with related complex manufacturing and systems integration processes. our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly. accordingly, our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly, identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture innovative products and services efficiently and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. this includes efforts to provide mission solutions that integrate capabilities and resources across all forces and domains, which we refer to as joint all domain operations, and to implement emerging digital and network technologies and capabilities. to advance our innovation and position us to meet our customers' requirements, we make investments in emerging technologies that we believe are needed to keep pace with rapid industry innovation and seek to collaborate with commercial entities that we believe have complementary technologies to ours. these commercial entities may not be accustomed to government contracting and may be unwilling to agree to the government's customary terms, including with respect to intellectual property, liability and indemnification terms. due to the complex and often experimental nature of the products and services we offer, we may experience (and have experienced in the past) technical difficulties during the development of new products or technologies. these technical difficulties could result in delays and higher costs, which may negatively impact our financial results, and could divert resources from other projects, until such products or technologies are fully developed. see note 1 - organization and significant accounting policies included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for further details about losses incurred on certain development programs. additionally, there can be no assurance that our development projects will be successful or meet the needs of our customers.
our future success in delivering innovative and affordable solutions to our customers relies, in part, on our multi-year business transformation initiative that seeks to significantly enhance our digital infrastructure to increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business while reducing costs. this digital transformation effort requires substantial investment and if we are unable to successfully implement the strategy, our results of operations and future competitiveness may be adversely affected.
our competitors may also develop new technologies, or offerings, or more efficient ways to produce existing products that could cause our existing offerings to become obsolete or that could gain market acceptance before our own competitive offerings. if we fail in our development projects or if our new products or technologies fail to achieve customer acceptance or competitors develop more capable technologies or offerings, we may be unsuccessful in obtaining new contracts or winning all or a portion of next generation programs, and this could adversely affect our future performance and financial results. we also may not be successful in our efforts to grow in key areas such as hypersonics, classified programs, and winning next generation franchise programs, which could adversely affect our future performance.
adverse macro-economic conditions, including inflation, could adversely impact our operating results.
heightened levels of inflation and the potential worsening of macro-economic conditions, including slower growth or recession, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates and currency fluctuations, present a risk for us, our suppliers and the stability of the broader defense industrial base. if inflation remains at current levels for an extended period, or increases, and we are unable to successfully mitigate the impact, our costs are likely to increase, resulting in pressure on our profits, margins and cash flows, particularly for existing fixed-price contracts. for new contract proposals, we are factoring into our pricing heightened levels of inflation based on accepted dod escalation indices and other assumptions, and in some cases seeking the inclusion of economic price adjustment (epa) clauses, which would permit, subject to the particular contractual terms, cost adjustments in fixed-price contracts for unexpected inflation.
in addition, our business could be adversely impacted by reductions or delays in spending by non-u.s. government customers that are facing budget, inflationary or other pressures, such as increases in the cost of borrowing from rising interest rates. rising interest rates increase the borrowing costs on new debt and could affect the fair value of our investments. while rising interest rates reduce the measure of our gross pension obligations, they also can lead to decline in pension plan assets with offsetting impacts on our net pension liability. although we believe defense spending is more resilient to adverse macro-economic conditions than many other industrial sectors, our suppliers and other partners, many of which are more exposed to table of contents commercial markets or have fewer resources, may be adversely impacted to a more significant degree than we are by an economic downturn, which could affect their performance and adversely impact our operations.
the effects of covid-19 and other potential future public health crises, epidemics, pandemics or similar events on our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows are uncertain.
in 2022, our performance was affected by supply chain disruptions and delays, as well as labor challenges associated with employee absences, travel restrictions, site access, quarantine restrictions, remote work, and adjusted work schedules. the ongoing impact of covid-19 on our operational and financial performance in future periods, including our ability to execute our programs in the expected timeframe, remains uncertain and will depend on future covid-19-related developments, including the impact of covid-19 infection or potential new variants or subvariants, the effectiveness and adoption of covid-19 vaccines and therapeutics, supplier impacts and related government actions to prevent and manage disease spread, including the implementation of any federal, state, local or foreign covid-19-related controls. the long-term impacts of covid-19 on government budgets and other funding priorities, including international priorities, that impact demand for our products and services and our business also are difficult to predict but could negatively affect our future results and performance.
international sales may pose different economic, regulatory, competition and other risks.
international sales present risks that are different and potentially greater than those encountered in our u.s. business. in 2022, 26% of our total net sales were from international customers. international sales are subject to numerous political and economic factors, including changes in foreign national priorities, foreign government budgets, global economic conditions, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, including the impact of a strong u.s. dollar on the affordability of our products, the possibility of trade sanctions and other government actions, regulatory requirements, significant competition, taxation, and other risks associated with doing business outside the u.s. sales of military products and any associated industrial cooperation agreements also are subject to u.s. export regulations and foreign policy, and there could be significant delays or other issues in reaching definitive agreements for announced programs. competition for international sales is intense, including from international manufacturers whose governments sometimes provide research and development assistance, marketing subsidies and other assistance for their products and services.
our international business is conducted through foreign military sales (fms) contracted through the u.s. government and by direct commercial sales (dcs) to international customers. fms contracts with the u.s. government are subject to the far and the dfars. because the u.s. government functions as an intermediary in fms sales, we are reliant on the capacity and speed of the dod's administration of requests from non-u.s. countries to convert requests to sales. in contrast, dcs transactions represent sales directly to international customers and are subject to u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including import-export control, technology transfer restrictions, investments, taxation, repatriation of earnings, exchange controls, the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, and the anti-boycott provisions of the u.s. export control reform act of 2018. while we have extensive policies in place to comply with such laws and regulations, failure by us, our employees or others working on our behalf to comply with these laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities, including suspension, debarment from bidding for or performing government contracts, or suspension of our export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on us. we frequently team with international subcontractors and suppliers who also are exposed to similar risks.
we believe dcs transactions present a higher level of potential risks because they involve direct commercial relationships with parties with which we typically have less familiarity. additionally, international procurement and local country rules and regulations, contract laws and judicial systems differ from those in the u.s. and, in some cases, may be less predictable than those in the u.s., which could impair our ability to enforce contracts and increase the risk of adverse or unpredictable outcomes, including the possibility that certain matters that would be considered civil matters in the u.s. are treated as criminal matters in other countries.
in conjunction with defense procurements, some international customers require contractors to comply with industrial cooperation regulations, including entering into industrial participation, industrial development or localization agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements or contracts, as a condition to obtaining orders for our products and services. these offset agreements or contracts generally extend over several years and obligate the contractor to perform certain commitments, which may include in-country purchases, technology transfers, local manufacturing support, consulting support to in-country projects, investments in joint ventures and financial support projects, and to prefer local suppliers or subcontractors. the customer's expectations in respect of the scope of offset commitments can be substantial, including high-value content, and may exceed existing local technical capability. failure to meet these commitments, which can be subjective and outside of our control, may result in significant penalties, and could lead to a reduction in sales to a country. furthermore, certain of our existing industrial development agreements are dependent upon the successful operation of joint ventures that we do not control and involve products and services that are outside of our core business, which may increase the risk that we fail to meet our table of contents industrial cooperation agreements, expose us to compliance risks of the joint venture and impair our ability to recover our investment. for more information on our industrial development obligations, including the notional value of our remaining industrial development obligations and potential penalties for non-compliance, see "contractual commitments" in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a).
geopolitical issues and considerations could have a significant effect on our business.
our business is highly sensitive to geopolitical issues and changes in regulations (including tariffs, sanctions, embargoes, export and import controls and other trade restrictions), political environments or security risks that may affect our ability to conduct business outside of the u.s., including those regarding investment, procurement, taxation and repatriation of earnings.
russia's invasion of ukraine has significantly elevated global geopolitical tensions and security concerns. although the conflict has resulted in increased demand for some of our products, the conflict poses certain risks. if we are unable to increase production to meet demand on the timeframe expected by potential customers, whether it be from supply constraints, government funding or otherwise, then we may lose sales opportunities as they seek alternatives, even less capable ones, that may be able to be delivered more quickly. in addition, the u.s. government and other nations have implemented broad economic sanctions and export controls targeting russia, which combined with the conflict have the potential to indirectly disrupt our supply chain and access to certain resources. the conflict also has increased the threat of malicious cyber activity from nation states and other actors.
during 2020, china announced it may impose sanctions against us in response to congressional notifications of potential foreign military sales to taiwan, which included sales of our products. we will continue to follow official u.s. government guidance as it relates to sales to taiwan and do not see a material impact on our sales at this time. china has not specified the nature of any such sanctions, but could seek to restrict our commercial sales or supply chain, including the supply of rare earth or other raw materials, and also could impose sanctions on our suppliers, teammates or partners. the nature, timing and potential impact of any sanctions that may be imposed by china or any other related actions that may be taken are uncertain.
international sales also may be adversely affected by actions taken by the u.s. government in the exercise of foreign policy, congressional oversight or the financing of particular programs, including the prevention or imposition of conditions upon the sale and delivery of our products, the imposition of sanctions, or congressional action to block sales of our products. for example, the u.s. government has imposed certain sanctions on türkish entities and persons, which has affected our ability to perform under contracts supporting the türkish utility helicopter program (tuhp), our work with türkish industry and our opportunity for sales in türkiye generally. see management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for more information on tuhp. in addition, u.s. government representatives have raised concerns regarding relationships with the kingdom of saudi arabia, where we have existing business and relationships that could be jeopardized if sanctions were imposed. our inability to perform under contracts with international customers as a result of actions taken by the u.s. government has resulted and may in the future result in claims and contract terminations by these customers and suppliers, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results.
we may be unable to benefit fully from or adequately protect our intellectual property rights or use third-party intellectual property, which could negatively affect our business.
we own a substantial number of u.s. and foreign patents and trademarks related to the products and services we provide. in addition to owning a large portfolio of patents and trademarks, we develop and own other intellectual property, including copyrights, trade secrets and research, development and engineering know-how, which contribute significantly to our business. we also license intellectual property to and from third parties. the far and dfars provide that the u.s. government obtains certain rights in intellectual property, including patents, developed by us and our subcontractors and suppliers in performance of government contracts or with government funding. the u.s. government may use or authorize others, including competitors, to use such intellectual property. non-u.s. governments also may have certain rights in patents and other intellectual property developed in performance of our contracts with these entities. the u.s. government is pursuing aggressive positions regarding the types of intellectual property to which government use rights apply and when it is appropriate for the government to insist on broad use rights. the dod is also implementing an overarching intellectual property acquisition policy that will require a greater focus and planning as to intellectual property rights for its programs, and we have no assurance as to the potential impacts of this policy or any associated regulatory changes on future acquisitions. the dod's efforts could affect our ability to protect and exploit our intellectual property and to leverage supplier intellectual property, for example, if we are unable to obtain necessary licenses from our suppliers to meet government requirements. additionally, third parties may assert that our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights, which could result in costly and time-consuming disputes, subject us to damages and injunctions and adversely affect our ability to compete and perform on contracts.
table of contents our business and financial performance depends on us identifying, attracting and retaining a highly skilled workforce.
our performance is dependent upon us identifying, attracting, developing, motivating and retaining a highly skilled workforce with the requisite skills in multiple areas including: engineering, science, manufacturing, information technology, cybersecurity, business development and strategy and management. due to the national security nature of our work, our performance is also dependent upon personnel who hold security clearances and receive substantial training to work on certain programs or tasks and can be difficult to replace on a timely basis if we experience unplanned attrition. the market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry as well as the market for individuals holding high-level security clearances is extremely competitive and not confined to our industry. for example, we compete with commercial technology companies outside of the aerospace and defense industry for qualified technical, cyber and scientific positions, which may not face the same type of cost pressures as a government contractor and which may be able to offer more flexible work arrangements given that certain of our employees must perform the majority of their work in a secure facility because of the need to access classified information. if we cannot adequately attract and retain personnel with the requisite skills or clearances in this competitive market, our performance and future prospects may be adversely affected.
workforce dynamics are constantly evolving. if we do not manage changing workforce dynamics effectively, it could adversely affect our culture, reputation and operational flexibility. beginning with the covid-19 pandemic, a significant portion of our workforce began working remotely and we expect a significant portion to continue working remotely greater than 50% of the time under our hybrid workforce model. if we are unable to effectively adapt to this hybrid work environment long term, then we may experience a less cohesive workforce, increased attrition, reduced program performance and less innovation.
it is also critical that we develop and train employees, hire new qualified personnel, and successfully manage the short and long-term transfer of critical knowledge and skills, including leadership development and succession planning throughout our business. while we have processes in place for management transition and the transfer of knowledge and skills, the loss of key personnel, coupled with an inability to adequately train other personnel, hire new personnel or transfer knowledge and skills, could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts and execute on new or growing programs.
additionally, approximately 19% of our workforce is comprised of employees that are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various unions. if we encounter difficulties with renegotiations or renewals of collective bargaining arrangements or are unsuccessful in those efforts, we could incur additional costs and experience work stoppages. union actions at suppliers also can affect us. any delays or work stoppages could adversely affect our ability to perform under our contracts, which could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
our efforts to minimize the likelihood and impact of adverse cybersecurity incidents and to protect data and intellectual property may not be successful and our business could be negatively affected by cyber or other security threats or other disruptions.
given the nature of our business, we routinely experience various cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure, unauthorized attempts to gain access to our company, employee- and customer-sensitive information, insider threats and denial-of-service attacks. our customers, including sites that we operate and manage for our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and joint venture partners, experience similar security threats.
in addition to cyber threats, we face threats to the security of our facilities and employees and threats from terrorist acts, which could materially disrupt our business if carried out. we could also be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees or others working on behalf of us who have access to export controlled or classified information, which could adversely affect our business and reputation.
the threats we face vary from attacks common to most industries, such as ransomware, to more advanced and persistent, highly organized adversaries, including nation state actors, which target us and other defense contractors and other companies in industries that are part of u.s. critical infrastructure. these threats can cause disruptions to our business operations. if we are unable to protect sensitive information, including complying with evolving information security and data protection/privacy regulations, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. moreover, depending on the severity of an incident, our customers' data, our employees' data, our intellectual property (including trade secrets and research, development and engineering know-how), and other third-party data (such as subcontractors, suppliers and vendors) could be compromised. products and services we provide to customers also carry cybersecurity risks, including risks that they could be breached or fail to detect, prevent or combat attacks, which could result in losses to our customers and claims against us, and could harm our relationships with our customers and financial results.
table of contents we have an extensive global security organization whose mission is to protect our systems and data, including a computer incident response team (cirt) to defend against cyber attacks, and conduct annual training of our employees on protection of sensitive information. we also have a corporate-wide counterintelligence and insider threat detection program to proactively identify external and internal threats, and mitigate those threats in a timely manner. additionally, we partner with our defense industrial base peers, government agencies and cyber associations to share intelligence to further defend against cyber attacks. however, because of the persistence, sophistication and volume of cyber attacks, we may not be successful in defending against an attack that could have a material adverse effect on us and due to the evolving nature of these security threats and the national security aspects of much of the data we protect, the impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. national security considerations may also preclude us from publicly disclosing a cybersecurity incident.
we also typically work cooperatively with our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, joint venture partners and entities we acquire, who or which are subject to similar threats, to seek to minimize the impact of cyber threats, other security threats or business disruptions. these entities, which are typically outside our control and may have access to our information, have varying levels of cybersecurity expertise and safeguards, and their relationships with government contractors, including us, may increase the likelihood that they are targeted by the same cyber threats we face. we have thousands of direct suppliers and even more indirect suppliers with a wide variety of systems and cybersecurity capabilities and adversaries actively seek to exploit security and cybersecurity weaknesses in our supply chain. a breach in our multi-tiered supply chain could impact our data or customer deliverables. we must rely on this supply chain for detecting and reporting cyber incidents, which could affect our ability to report or respond to cybersecurity incidents effectively or in a timely manner. because of the ongoing supply chain cyber security-related threats, our customers continue to seek that large prime contractors, like us, take steps to assure the cyber capabilities of their supply chain. consequently, cyber security events in our supply chain could have an adverse impact on our relationships with our customers.
the costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. additionally, some cyber technologies we develop under contract for our customers, particularly those related to homeland security, may raise potential liabilities related to intellectual property and civil liberties, including privacy concerns, which may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means or involve reputational risk. our enterprise risk management program includes threat detection and cybersecurity mitigation plans, and our disclosure controls and procedures address cybersecurity and include elements intended to ensure that there is an analysis of potential disclosure obligations arising from security breaches. we also maintain compliance programs to address the potential applicability of restrictions on trading while in possession of material, nonpublic information generally and in connection with a cybersecurity breach.
if we fail to successfully complete or manage acquisitions, divestitures, equity investments and other transactions or if acquired entities or equity investments fail to perform as expected, our financial results, business and future prospects could be harmed.
in pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate companies, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, joint ventures, other investments and divestitures. we seek to identify acquisition or investment opportunities that will expand or complement our existing products and services or customer base, at reasonable valuations. to be successful, we must conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies or underlying risks, some of which are difficult to discover or assess prior to consummation of an acquisition or investment; negotiate transaction terms; complete and close complex transactions; integrate acquired companies and employees; and realize anticipated operating synergies efficiently and effectively. u.s. regulators have increased their scrutiny of mergers and acquisitions in recent years, which could continue to limit our ability to execute certain transactions that we might otherwise pursue, such as the termination of our proposed acquisition of aerojet rocketdyne in 2022.
acquisition, divestiture, joint venture and investment transactions often require substantial management resources and have the potential to divert our attention from our existing business. unidentified or identified but uncertain liabilities that are not covered by indemnification or other coverage could adversely affect our future financial results. this is particularly the case in respect of successor liability under procurement laws and regulations such as the false claims act or the truthful cost or pricing data act (formerly the truth in negotiations act), anti-corruption, environmental, tax, import-export and technology transfer laws, which provide for civil and criminal penalties and the potential for debarment. we also may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, employee retention, transaction-related or other litigation, and other liabilities. any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
joint ventures and other noncontrolling investments operate under shared control with other parties. these investments typically face many of the same risks and uncertainties as we do, but may expose us to additional risks not present if we retained full control. a joint venture partner may have economic or other business interests that are inconsistent with ours and we may be unable to prevent strategic decisions that may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of table of contents operations. we also could be adversely affected by, or liable for, actions taken by these joint ventures that we do not control, including violations of anti-corruption, import and export, taxation and anti-boycott laws.
depending on our rights and percentage of ownership, we may consolidate the financial results of such entities or account for our interests under the equity method. under the equity method of accounting for nonconsolidated ventures and investments, we recognize our share of the operating profit or loss of these joint ventures in our results of operations. our operating results are affected by the conduct and performance of businesses over which we do not exercise control and, as a result, we may not be successful in achieving the growth or other intended benefits of strategic investments.
we make investments in certain companies that we believe are advancing or developing new technologies applicable to our core businesses and new initiatives important to us. these investments may be in the forms of common or preferred stock, warrants, convertible debt securities or investments in funds and are generally illiquid at the time of investment, which limits our ability to exit an investment or realize an investment return absent a liquidity event. we generally seek to exit these investments following a liquidity event, such as a public offering and expiration of any applicable lock up or other restrictions, subject to market conditions, although we may not be successful in exiting in a timely manner. typically, we hold a non-controlling interest and, therefore, are unable to influence strategic decisions by these companies and may have limited visibility into their activities, which may result in our not realizing the intended benefits of the investments. for fund investments, we have even less influence and visibility as a non-controlling investor in a fund that invests in other companies. we may recognize significant gains or losses attributable to adjustments of the investments' fair value, including impairments up to and including the full value of the investment, which can be affected by the success of the companies, market volatility and changes in valuations of our investment holdings. this is particularly the case for investments that involve companies that have become publicly traded since changes in the trading price of securities we hold for investment must be marked to market in each financial reporting period.
risks related to significant contingencies, uncertainties and estimates, including pension, taxes, environmental and litigation costs pension funding requirements and costs are dependent on return on pension assets and other economic and actuarial assumptions which if changed may cause our future earnings and cash flow to fluctuate significantly and affect the affordability of our products and services.
many of our employees and retirees participate in defined benefit pension plans, retiree medical and life insurance plans, and other postemployment plans (collectively, postretirement benefit plans). the impact of these plans on our earnings may be volatile in that the amount of expense or income we record for our postretirement benefit plans may materially change from year to year because the calculations are sensitive to changes in several key economic assumptions including interest rates and rates of return on plan assets, other actuarial assumptions including participant longevity (also known as mortality), as well as the timing of cash funding. changes in these factors, including actual returns on plan assets, may also affect our plan funding, cash flows and stockholders' equity. we could be required to make pension contributions earlier and/or in excess than planned if our return on pension assets is less than our assumptions, which would reduce our free cash flow.
with regard to cash flow, we have made substantial cash contributions to our plans as required by the employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa), as amended, and expect to make future contributions as required or when deemed prudent. we generally can recover a significant portion of these contributions related to our plans as allowable costs on our u.s. government contracts, including fms. however, there is a lag between the time when we contribute cash to our plans under pension funding rules and when we recover pension costs under u.s. government cost accounting standards (cas), which can affect the timing of our cash flows. our business segments' results of operations include pension expense as calculated under cas while our consolidated financial statements must present pension income or expense in accordance with u.s. gaap financial accounting standards (fas); differences in these accounting rules may result in significant period adjustments referred to as our fas/cas pension adjustments.
in recent years, we have taken actions intended to mitigate the risk related to our defined benefit pension plans through pension risk transfer transactions whereby we purchase group annuity contracts (gacs) from insurance companies using assets from the pension trust. we expect to continue to evaluate such transactions in the future. although under the majority of the gacs we have purchased we are relieved of all responsibility for the associated pension obligations, we have purchased and may in the future purchase gacs whereby the insurance company reimburses the pension plans but we remain responsible for paying benefits under the plans to covered retirees and beneficiaries and are subject to the risk that the insurance company will default on its obligations to reimburse the pension trusts. while we believe pension risk transfer transactions are beneficial; future transactions, depending on their size, could result in us making additional contributions to the pension trust and/or require us to recognize noncash settlement charges in earnings in the applicable reporting period.
table of contents for more information on how these factors could impact earnings, financial position, cash flow and stockholders' equity, see "critical accounting policies - postretirement benefit plans" in the md&a and "note 11 - postretirement benefit plans" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements.
our estimates and projections may prove to be inaccurate and certain of our assets may be at risk of future impairment.
the accounting for some of our most significant activities is based on judgments and estimates, which are complex and subject to many variables. for example, accounting for sales using the percentage-of-completion method requires that we assess risks and make assumptions regarding future schedule, cost, technical and performance issues for thousands of contracts, many of which are long-term in nature. this process can be especially difficult when estimating costs for development programs because of the inherent uncertainty in developing a new product or technology. additionally, we initially allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses based on a preliminary assessment of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. for significant acquisitions we may use a one-year measurement period to analyze and assess a number of factors used in establishing the asset and liability fair values as of the acquisition date which could result in adjustments to asset and liability balances.
we have $10.8 billion of goodwill assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2022 from previous acquisitions, which represents approximately 20% of our total assets. these goodwill assets are subject to annual impairment testing and more frequent testing upon the occurrence of certain events or significant changes in circumstances that indicate goodwill may be impaired. if we experience changes or factors arise that negatively affect the expected cash flows of a reporting unit, we may be required to write off all or a portion of the reporting unit's related goodwill assets. the carrying value and fair value of our sikorsky reporting unit are closely aligned. therefore, any business deterioration, including the outcome of upcoming contract awards, contract cancellations or terminations, or market pressures could cause our sales, earnings and cash flows to decline below current projections and could cause goodwill and intangible assets to be impaired. goodwill and trademarks associated with sikorsky were approximately $3.5 billion as of december 31, 2022. additionally, sikorsky may not perform as expected, or demand for its products may be adversely affected by global economic conditions, including oil and gas trends that are outside of our control.
actual financial results could differ from our judgments and estimates. see "critical accounting policies" in the md&a and results of operations and "note 1 - organization and significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies and use of estimates.
changes in tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our financial results.
changes in u.s. (federal or state) or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including those with retroactive effect, could result in increases in our tax expense and affect profitability and cash flows. for example, beginning in 2022, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures immediately in the year incurred and requires taxpayers to amortize such expenditures over five years for tax purposes. while the most significant impact of this provision is to cash tax liability for 2022, the tax year in which the provision took effect, the impact will decline annually over the five-year amortization period to an immaterial amount in year six.
the amount of net deferred tax assets will change periodically based on several factors, including the measurement of our postretirement benefit plan obligations, actual cash contributions to our postretirement benefit plans, change in the amount or reevaluation of uncertain tax positions, and future changes in tax laws. in addition, we are regularly under audit or examination by tax authorities, including foreign tax authorities. the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could similarly result in unanticipated increases in our tax expense and affect profitability and cash flows.
our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by indemnity or insurance.
a significant portion of our business relates to designing, developing and manufacturing advanced defense and technology products and systems. new technologies may be untested or unproven. failure of some of these products and services could result in extensive loss of life or property damage. accordingly, we may incur liabilities that are unique to our products and services. in some but not all circumstances, we may be entitled to certain legal protections or indemnifications from our customers, either through u.s. government indemnifications under public law 85-804, 10 u.s.c. 3861, the commercial space launch act or the price-anderson act, qualification of our products and services by the department of homeland security under the safety act provisions of the homeland security act of 2002, contractual provisions or otherwise.
we seek to obtain insurance coverage from established and reputable insurance carriers to the extent available in order to cover these risks and liabilities. however, the amount of insurance coverage that we maintain or that is available to purchase in the market may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities. insurance coverage is subject to the terms and conditions of the insurance contract and is further subject to any sublimits, exclusions, restrictions, or defenses, including standard exclusions for table of contents acts of war. existing coverage is renewed annually and may be canceled pursuant to the terms of the policies while we remain exposed to the risk and it is not possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks, natural hazards and liabilities. for example, we are limited in the amount of insurance we can obtain to cover unusually hazardous risks or certain natural hazards such as earthquakes, fires or extreme weather conditions, some of which may be exacerbated by climate change. we have significant operations in geographic areas prone to these risks, such as in california, florida and texas and certain of our properties have suffered damage from natural disasters in the past and may again in the future. we could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and supply chain and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate the effects of climate change. in addition, under certain classified fixed price development and production contracts, we are unable to insure risk of loss to government property because of the classified nature of the contracts and the inability to disclose classified information necessary for underwriting and claims to commercial insurers. even if insurance coverage is available, we may not be able to obtain it in an amount, at a price or on terms acceptable to us. some insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to provide us insurance given the nature of our business or products. additionally, disputes with insurance carriers over coverage terms or the insolvency of one or more of our insurance carriers may significantly affect the amount or timing of our cash flows.
substantial costs resulting from an accident; failure of or defect in our products or services; natural catastrophe or other incident; or liability arising from our products and services in excess of any legal protection, indemnity, and our insurance coverage (or for which indemnity or insurance is not available or not obtained) could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. any accident, failure of, or defect in our products or services, even if fully indemnified or insured, could negatively affect our reputation among our customers and the public and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively. it also could affect the cost and availability of adequate insurance in the future.
environmental costs and regulation, including in relation to climate change, could adversely affect our future earnings as well as the affordability of our products and services.
we are subject to federal, state, local and foreign requirements for the protection of the environment, including those for discharge of hazardous materials and remediation of contaminated sites. due in part to the complexity and pervasiveness of these requirements, we are a party to or have property subject to various lawsuits, proceedings, and remediation obligations. these types of matters could result in fines, penalties, cost reimbursements or contributions, compensatory or treble damages or non-monetary sanctions or relief. we have incurred and will continue to incur liabilities for environmental remediation at some of our current and former facilities and at third-party-owned sites where we have been designated a potentially responsible party as a result of our historical activities and those of our predecessor companies. environmental remediation activities usually span many years, and the extent of financial exposure can be difficult to estimate. among the variables management must assess in evaluating costs associated with these cases and remediation sites are the status of site assessment, extent of the contamination, impacts on natural resources, changing cost estimates, evolution of technologies used to remediate the site, continually evolving environmental standards, availability of insurance coverage and indemnification under existing agreements and cost allowability issues, including varying efforts by the u.s. government to limit allowability of our costs in resolving liability at third-party-owned sites. our environmental remediation related liabilities also could increase significantly because of acquisitions, the regulation of new substances, stricter remediation standards for existing regulated substances, changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations, or the discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination or new contaminants. for information regarding these matters, including current estimates of the amounts that we believe are required for environmental remediation to the extent probable and estimable, see "critical accounting policies - environmental matters" in the md&a and "note 14 - legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements.
we manage and have managed various u.s. government-owned facilities on behalf of the u.s. government. at such facilities, environmental compliance and remediation costs historically have been the responsibility of the u.s. government. we have relied, and continue to rely with respect to past practices, on u.s. government funding to pay such costs, notwithstanding efforts by some u.s. government representatives to limit this responsibility. although the u.s. government remains responsible for capital and operating costs associated with environmental compliance, responsibility for fines and penalties associated with environmental noncompliance typically is borne by either the u.s. government or the contractor, depending on the contract and the relevant facts. some environmental laws include criminal provisions. a conviction under environmental law could affect our ability to be awarded future or perform under existing u.s. government contracts.
the increasing global regulatory focus on greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions and their potential impacts relating to climate change could result in laws, regulations or policies that significantly increase our direct and indirect operational and compliance burdens, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. these laws, regulations or policies could take many forms, including carbon taxes, cap and trade regimes, increased efficiency standards, ghg reduction commitments, incentives or mandates for particular types of energy or changes in procurement laws. changes in government procurement laws that mandate or take into account climate change considerations, such as the contractor's ghg emissions, table of contents ghg emission reduction targets, lower emission products or other climate risks, in evaluating bids could result in costly changes to our operations or affect our competitiveness on future bids, or our ability to bid at all. in addition to incurring direct costs to implement any climate-change related laws, regulations or policies, we may see indirect costs rise, such as increased energy or material costs, as a result of policies affecting other sectors of the economy. although most of these increased costs likely would be recoverable through pricing, to the extent that the increase in our costs as a result of these policies are greater than our competitors we may be less competitive on future bids or the total increased cost in our industry's products and services could result in lower demand from our customers. we monitor developments in climate change-related laws, regulations and policies for their potential effect on us, however, we currently are not able to accurately predict the materiality of any potential costs associated with such developments. in addition, climate change-related litigation and investigations have increased in recent years and any claims or investigations against us could be costly to defend and our business could be adversely affected by the outcome.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings. we cannot predict the outcome of litigation and other contingencies with certainty.
our business may be adversely affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. as required by u.s. gaap, we estimate loss contingencies and establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a reserve against assets in our financial statements. for a description of our current legal proceedings, see item 3 - legal proceedings, "critical accounting policies - environmental matters" in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and "note 14 - legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements.
cash dividend payments and share repurchases are subject to limitations under applicable laws and the discretion of our board of directors and are determined after considering then-existing conditions, including earnings, other operating results and capital requirements and cash deployment alternatives. our payment of dividends and share repurchases could vary from historical practices or our stated expectations. decreases in asset values or increases in liabilities, including liabilities associated with employee benefit plans and assets and liabilities associated with taxes, can reduce net earnings and stockholders' equity. under certain circumstances, a deficit in stockholders' equity could limit our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases under maryland state law in the future. in addition, the timing and amount of share repurchases under board of directors approved share repurchase plans may differ from stated expectations and is within the discretion of management and will depend on many factors, including our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future or to borrow money from available financing sources, our results of operations, capital requirements and applicable law.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition. the md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data.
the md&a generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results or operations" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021 filed with the sec on january 25, 2022.
business overview we are a global security and aerospace company principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. we also provide a broad range of management, engineering, technical, scientific, logistics, system integration and cybersecurity services. our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security and information technology, including cybersecurity. we serve both u.s. and international customers with products and services that have defense, civil and commercial applications, with our principal customers being agencies of the u.s. government. in 2022, 73% of our $66.0 billion in net sales were from the u.s. government, either as a prime contractor or as a subcontractor (including 64% from the department of defense (dod)), 26% were from international customers (including foreign military sales (fms) contracted through the u.s. government) and 1% were from u.s. commercial and other customers.
we operate in four business segments: aeronautics, missiles and fire control (mfc), rotary and mission systems (rms) and space. we organize our business segments based on the nature of the products and services offered.
we operate in a complex and evolving global security environment. our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the future requirements of 21st century security. our vision for 21st century security is to accelerate the adoption of advanced networking and leading-edge technologies into our national defense enterprise, while enhancing the performance and value of our platforms and products for our customers. the aim of 21st century security is to integrate new and existing systems across all domains with advanced, open-architecture networking and operational technologies to make forces more agile, adaptive and unpredictable.
21st century security is an overarching vision that will guide our investment and strategy and we are also focused on four elements for potential growth in the near to mid-term: current programs of record, classified programs, hypersonics and new awards. we have multiple programs of record from each business segment that are entering growth stages, including the f-35 sustainment activity (aeronautics), increased pac-3 production rates (missiles and fire control), ch-53k heavy lift helicopter (rotary and mission systems), and the modernization and enhancements to the trident ii d5 fleet ballistic missile (space). we are engaged in significant classified development programs and pending successful achievement of the objectives within those programs, we expect to begin the transition from development to production over the next few years. we are currently performing on multiple hypersonic programs and following the successful completion of ongoing testing and evaluation activity, multiple programs are expected to enter early production phases between 2023 and 2026. finally, we are always in pursuit of new program awards to develop future platforms that enable us to continue to place security capability into the market and expand our global reach.
key to enabling success of our strategy is developing differentiating technologies, forging strategic partnerships, including with commercial companies, executing on our multi-year business transformation initiative to enhance our digital infrastructure and increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business and maintaining fiscal discipline. underpinning our ability to execute our strategy is our talent and culture. we invest substantially in our people to ensure that our workforce has the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally in innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. we also will continue to evaluate our portfolio and will make strategic acquisitions or divestitures, as appropriate, while deepening our connection to commercial industry through cooperative partnerships, joint ventures, and equity investments.
covid-19 continued to cause business impacts in 2022. the emergence of the omicron variant in late 2021 and resulting increase in covid-19 cases in early 2022 adversely impacted our operations and our supply chain. our performance was affected during 2022 by supply chain disruptions and delays, as well as labor challenges associated with employee absences, travel restrictions, site access, quarantine restrictions, remote work, and adjusted work schedules. the recovery from table of contents that disruption has been slower than originally anticipated, in particular within our supply chain, and some of those supply chain impacts are expected to continue into 2023. attendance for employees required to be onsite fluctuated during 2022 based on covid-19 developments. we are actively engaging with our customers and are continuing to take measures to protect the health and safety of our employees. in our on-going effort to mitigate supply chain risks, we accelerated payments of $1.5 billion to our suppliers as of december 31, 2022, that are due according to contractual terms in future periods, while consistently prioritizing small businesses, which make up over half of our active supply base, as well as at-risk businesses. additionally, we have deployed resources at supplier sites to improve oversight and performance. we will continue to monitor supply chain risks, especially at small and at-risk related suppliers, and may continue to utilize accelerated payments in 2023 on an as needed basis.
the impact of covid-19 on our operations and financial performance in future periods, including our ability to execute our programs in the expected timeframe, remains uncertain and will depend on a number of factors, including the impact of potential new covid-19 variants or subvariants, the effectiveness and adoption of covid-19 vaccines and therapeutics, and supplier impacts and related government actions to prevent and manage disease spread,. the long-term impacts of covid-19 on government budgets and other funding priorities, including international priorities, that impact demand for our products and services also are difficult to predict, but could negatively affect our future results and performance.
inflation heightened levels of inflation and the potential worsening of macro-economic conditions present risks for lockheed martin, our suppliers and the stability of the broader defense industrial base. during 2022, we have experienced impacts to our labor rates and suppliers have signaled inflation related cost pressures, which will flow through to our costs and pricing. although inflation did not significantly impact our financial results in 2022, if inflation remains at current levels for an extended period, or increases, and we are unable to successfully mitigate the impact, our costs are likely to increase, resulting in pressure on our profits, margins and cash flows, particularly for existing fixed-price contracts. for new contract proposals, we are factoring into our pricing heightened levels of inflation based on accepted dod escalation indices and other assumptions, and in some cases seeking the inclusion of economic price adjustment (epa) clauses, which would permit, subject to the particular contractual terms, cost adjustments in fixed-price contracts for unexpected inflation. in addition, inflation and the increases in the cost of borrowing from rising interest rates could constrain the overall purchasing power of our customers for our products and services, in particular in the near term to the extent inflation assumptions are less than current inflationary pressures. rising interest rates will also increase our borrowing costs on new debt and could affect the fair value of our investments. while rising interest rates reduce the measure of our gross pension obligations, they can also lead to decline in pension plan assets with offsetting impacts on our net pension liability. we remain committed to our ongoing efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the cost competitiveness and affordability of our products and services, which may, in part, offset cost increases from inflation.
conflict in ukraine russia's invasion of ukraine has significantly elevated global geopolitical tensions and security concerns. as a result, we have received increased interest for some of our products and services as countries seek to improve their security posture, particularly in europe. in addition, security assistance provided by the u.s. government to ukraine has created u.s. government demand to replenish u.s. stockpiles, resulting in additional and potential future orders for our products. we are beginning to see this interest result in initiation of new contract discussions, however, given the long-cycle nature of our business and current industry capacity, we do not expect a significant increase in near term sales from new contracts in response to the conflict. we are evaluating capacity at our operations and the supply chain to anticipate potential demand and enable us to deliver critical capabilities. in addition, the u.s. government and other nations have implemented broad economic sanctions and export controls targeting russia, which combined with the conflict have the potential to indirectly disrupt our supply chain and access to certain resources. we have not, however, experienced significant adverse impacts to date and we will continue to monitor for any impacts and seek to mitigate disruption that may arise. the conflict also has increased the threat of malicious cyber activity from nation states and other actors. we have taken steps designed to enhance our defensive posture against tactics and techniques associated with this increased threat.
portfolio shaping activities we continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. we accomplish this in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture and internal realignment activities.
we selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses, investments and ventures at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. we also may explore the divestiture of table of contents businesses, investments or ventures that no longer meet our needs or strategy or that could perform better outside of our organization or with a different owner. in pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and equity investments.
renationalization of the atomic weapons establishment program on june 30, 2021, the uk ministry of defence terminated the contract to operate the uk's nuclear deterrent program and assumed control of the entity that manages the program (referred to as the renationalization of the atomic weapons establishment (awe program)). accordingly, the awe program's ongoing operations, including the entity that manages the program, are no longer included in our financial results as of that date. therefore, during 2021, awe only generated sales of $885 million and operating profit of $18 million, which are included in space's financial results for the year ended december 31, 2021. during the year ended december 31, 2020, awe generated sales of $1.4 billion and operating profit of $35 million, which are included in space's financial results for 2020.
u.s. government funding on march 28, 2022 the administration submitted to congress the president's fiscal year (fy) 2023 budget request, which proposed $813.4 billion in total national defense spending, of which $773 billion was for the base budget of the department of defense (dod).
on december 29, 2022, the president signed the fy 2023 omnibus appropriations act into law, which provides $858 billion in total national defense funding, of which $816.7 billion is for the dod base budget. this reflects a $44.6 billion increase over the fy 2023 request for national defense spending, and a $43.7 billion increase for the dod.
the fy 2023 omnibus appropriations act also provided separate and additional funding of $47 billion for ukraine, the fourth supplemental since march of 2022, bringing the total amount of supplemental funding authority provided to $113 billion.
the president's fy 2024 budget request is anticipated to be submitted to congress in march 2023, initiating the fy 2024 defense authorization and appropriations legislative process. in addition to the fy 2024 budget process, congress will have to contend with the legal limit on u.s. debt, commonly known as the debt ceiling. the current statutory limit of $31.4 trillion was reached in january, requiring the treasury department to take accounting measures to continue normally financing u.s. government obligations while avoiding exceeding the debt ceiling. it is expected, however, the u.s. government will exhaust these measures by june 2023. if the debt ceiling is not raised, the u.s. government may not be able to fulfill its funding obligations and there could be significant disruption to all discretionary programs and wider financial and economic repercussions. the federal budget and debt ceiling are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable congressional debate. although we believe dod, intelligence, and homeland security programs will continue to receive consensus support for increased funding and would likely receive priority if this scenario came to fruition, the effect on individual programs or lockheed martin cannot be predicted at this time.
international business a key component of our strategic plan is to grow our international sales. to accomplish this growth, we continue to focus on strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. our international business is conducted either by foreign military sales (fms) contracted through the u.s. government or by direct commercial sales (dcs) to international customers. in 2022, approximately 74% of our sales to international customers were fms and about 26% were dcs. additionally, in 2022, substantially all of our sales from international customers were in our aeronautics, mfc and rms business segments. space's sales from international customers were not material in 2022. see item 1a - risk factors for a discussion of risks related to international sales.
in 2022, international customers accounted for 33% of aeronautics' net sales. there continues to be strong international interest in the f-35 program, which includes commitments from the u.s. government and seven international partner countries and nine fms customers, as well as expressions of interest from other countries. the u.s. government and the partner countries continue to work together on the design, testing, production, and sustainment of the f-35 program. other areas of international expansion at our aeronautics business segment include the f-16 and c-130j programs, which continue to draw interest from international customers for new aircraft.
in 2022, international customers accounted for 31% of mfc's net sales. our mfc business segment continues to generate significant international interest, most notably in the air and missile defense product line, which produces the patriot advanced capability-3 (pac-3) and terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) systems. fourteen nations have chosen pac-3 cost reduction initiative (cri) and pac-3 missile segment enhancement (mse) to provide missile defense capabilities.
table of contents additionally, we continue to see international demand for our tactical and strike missile products, where we received orders for precision fires systems from germany and taiwan and for long range anti-ship missiles (lrasm) from australia.
in 2022, international customers accounted for 28% of rms' net sales. our rms business segment continues to experience international interest in the aegis ballistic missile defense system (aegis) for which we perform activities in the development, production, modernization, ship integration, test and lifetime support for ships of international customers such as japan, spain, republic of korea, and australia. we have ongoing combat systems programs associated with different classes of surface combatant ships for customers in canada, chile, and new zealand. our multi-mission surface combatant (mmsc) program will provide surface combatant ships for international customers, such as the kingdom of saudi arabia, designed to operate in shallow waters and the open ocean. in our training and logistics solutions portfolio, we have active programs and pursuits in the united kingdom, the kingdom of saudi arabia, canada, singapore, australia, germany and france. we have active development, production, and sustainment support of the s-70 black hawk and mh-60 seahawk helicopters to international customers, including india, philippines, australia, republic of korea, thailand, the kingdom of saudi arabia, and greece. additionally, in december 2021, the israeli ministry of defense signed a letter of offer and acceptance (loa) to procure 12 ch-53k king stallion heavy lift helicopters, of which the first four were awarded in 2022. commercial aircraft are sold to international customers to support search and rescue missions as well as vip and offshore oil and gas transportation.
status of the f-35 program the f-35 program primarily consists of production contracts, sustainment activities, and new development efforts. production of the aircraft is expected to continue for many years given the u.s. government's current inventory objective of 2,456 aircraft for the u.s. air force, u.s. marine corps, and u.s. navy; commitments from our seven international partner countries and nine foreign military sales (fms) customers; as well as interest from other countries. we saw strong international demand for the f-35 in 2022. during the first quarter of 2022, finland became the seventh fms customer to join the program. during the second quarter of 2022, the government of canada selected lockheed martin and the f-35 as the preferred bidder to move into the finalization phase of the competitive process to replace its fighter fleet. as a result of the finalization phase, the government of canada recently announced in january 2023 their commitment to purchase 88 f-35 aircraft. during the third quarter of 2022, the swiss government signed a letter of offer and acceptance for the procurement of 36 f-35 aircraft and became the eighth fms customer to join the program. during the fourth quarter of 2022, the german government signed a letter of offer and acceptance for the procurement of 35 f-35 aircraft and became the ninth fms customer to join the program.
during the fourth quarter of 2022, we finalized the f-35 low rate initial production (lrip) lots 15-17 production contract with the u.s. government for up to 398 aircraft. the agreement includes 145 aircraft for lot 15, 127 for lot 16 and up to 126 for a lot 17 contract option. in 2022 we delivered 141 aircraft and had a backlog of 345 production aircraft, including orders from our international partner countries and fms customers. since program inception we have delivered 894 production f-35 aircraft to u.s. and international customers, including 648 f-35a variants, 178 f-35b variants, and 68 f-35c variants, demonstrating the f-35 program's continued progress and longevity.
covid-19 and other impacts experienced by the f-35 enterprise have continued to impact our near-term production plans. at the end of 2022, there was an issue with the government furnished equipment (gfe) engine that resulted in a pause in flight operations and 2022 aircraft deliveries were impacted. the delivery pause continues as flight operations remain on hold and concurrently, gfe engine deliveries have been suspended. we will have greater clarity if changes to our 2023 aircraft delivery expectation are required once the pause in flight operations and the gfe engine delivery suspension have been resolved. as of january 2023, we plan on producing 147-153 aircraft in 2023 and 2024, and 2023 deliveries will be determined pending the resumption of engine deliveries and other factors. we anticipate annual deliveries of 156 aircraft in 2025 and for the foreseeable future.
given the size and complexity of the f-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program, and delivery schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the dod, congressional, and international countries' oversight, and budgeting processes. current program challenges include our and our suppliers' performance (including covid-19 performance-related challenges), software development, execution of future flight tests and findings resulting from testing and operating the aircraft, the level of cost associated with life cycle operations, sustainment and potential contractual obligations, inflation-related cost pressures, and the ability to improve affordability.
backlog at december 31, 2022, our backlog was $150.0 billion compared with $135.4 billion at december 31, 2021. backlog is converted into sales in future periods as work is performed or deliveries are made. we expect to recognize approximately 37%
table of contents of our backlog over the next 12 months and approximately 61% over the next 24 months as revenue, with the remainder recognized thereafter.
our backlog includes both funded (firm orders for our products and services for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer) and unfunded (firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated) amounts. we do not include unexercised options or potential orders under indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity (idiq) agreements in our backlog. if any of our contracts with firm orders were to be terminated, our backlog would be reduced by the expected value of the unfilled orders of such contracts. funded backlog was $95.5 billion at december 31, 2022, as compared to $88.5 billion at december 31, 2021. for backlog related to each of our business segments, see below.
consolidated results of operations our operating cycle is primarily long term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules. consequently, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. the following discussions of comparative results among years should be reviewed in this context. all per share amounts cited in these discussions are presented on a "per diluted share" basis, unless otherwise noted. our consolidated results of operations were as follows (in millions, except per share data):
gross profit                                                                  8,287                     9,061                     8,654
operating profit                                                              8,348                     9,123                     8,644
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes                       6,680                     7,550                     8,235
certain amounts reported in other income (expense), net, including our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees, are included in the operating profit of our business segments. accordingly, such amounts are included in the discussion of our business segment results of operations.
table of contents net sales we generate sales from the delivery of products and services to our customers. our consolidated net sales were as follows (in millions):
substantially all of our contracts are accounted for using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method. under the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method, we record net sales on contracts over time based upon our progress towards completion on a particular contract, as well as our estimate of the profit to be earned at completion. the following discussion of material changes in our consolidated net sales should be read in tandem with the subsequent discussion of changes in our consolidated cost of sales and our business segment results of operations because changes in our sales are typically accompanied by a corresponding change in our cost of sales due to the nature of the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method. overall, our sales were negatively affected in 2022 because of supply chain impacts.
product sales product sales decreased $1.0 billion, or 2%, in 2022 as compared to 2021. the decrease is primarily attributable to lower product sales of approximately $670 million at rms mostly due to lower production volume on black hawk and lower net sales for training and logistics solutions (tls) programs due to the delivery of an international pilot training system in the first quarter of 2021; about $315 million at space primarily due to the renationalization of awe on june 30, 2021, partially offset by higher development volume (next generation interceptor (ngi)); and approximately $220 million at mfc primarily due to lower volume on terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) and air dominance weapon systems. these decreases were partially offset by higher product sales of about $240 million at aeronautics mostly due to higher volume on classified contracts that were partially offset by lower volume on f-35 contracts.
service sales service sales decreased $91 million, or 1%, in 2022 as compared to 2021. the decrease in service sales was primarily due to lower sales of approximately $155 million at mfc primarily due to lower volume on the special operations forces global logistics support services (sof glss) program.
cost of sales cost of sales, for both products and services, consist of materials, labor, subcontracting costs and an allocation of indirect costs (overhead and general and administrative), as well as the costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, required under certain contracts with international customers. for each of our contracts, we monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. our consolidated cost of sales were as follows (in millions):
the following discussion of material changes in our consolidated cost of sales for products and services should be read in tandem with the preceding discussion of changes in our consolidated net sales and our business segment results of operations. except for potential impacts to our programs resulting from covid-19, supply chain disruptions and inflation, we have not table of contents identified any additional developing trends in cost of sales for products and services that would have a material impact on our future operations.
product costs product costs decreased approximately $696 million, or 1%, in 2022 as compared to 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower product costs of approximately $525 million at rms mostly due to lower production volume on black hawk and the delivery of an international pilot training system in the first quarter of 2021; about $195 million at mfc primarily due to lower volume on air dominance weapon systems and thaad; and approximately $165 million at space primarily due to the renationalization of awe, partially offset by higher development volume (ngi). these decreases were partially offset by higher product costs of about $185 million at aeronautics mostly due to higher volume on classified contracts that were partially offset by lower volume on f-35 contracts.
service costs service costs decreased approximately $183 million, or 2%, in 2022 compared to 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower service costs of approximately $160 million at mfc primarily due to lower volume on the sof glss program.
severance and other charges during the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded charges totaling $100 million ($79 million, or $0.31 per share, after-tax) that relate to actions at our rms business segment, which include severance costs for reduction of positions and asset impairment charges. after a strategic review of rms, these actions will improve the efficiency of our operations, better align the organization and cost structure with changing economic conditions, and changes in program lifecycles. during 2021, we recorded severance and restructuring charges of $36 million ($28 million, or $0.10 per share, after-tax) associated with plans to close and consolidate certain facilities and reduce the total workforce within our rms business segment.
other unallocated, net other unallocated, net primarily includes the fas/cas pension operating adjustment (which represents the difference between cas pension cost recorded in our business segments' results of operations and the service cost component of financial accounting standards (fas) pension expense), stock-based compensation expense, changes in the fair value of investments and liabilities for deferred compensation plans and other corporate costs. these items are not allocated to the business segments and, therefore, are not allocated to cost of sales for products or services. other unallocated, net reduced cost of sales by $1.3 billion in 2022, compared to $1.8 billion in 2021. other unallocated, net during 2022 was lower primarily due to a decrease in our fas/cas pension operating adjustment due to lower cas cost from the american rescue plan act of 2021 (arpa) legislation, declines in the fair value of investments and liabilities for deferred compensation plans, and fluctuations in costs associated with various corporate items, none of which were individually significant. see "business segment results of operations" and "critical accounting policies - postretirement benefit plans" discussion below for more information on our pension cost.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net primarily includes earnings generated by equity method investees. other income, net in 2022 was $61 million, compared to $62 million in 2021.
interest expense interest expense in 2022 was $623 million, compared to $569 million in 2021. the increase in interest expense in 2022 resulted primarily from the issuance of notes in october of 2022 to fund share repurchases. see "capital structure, resources and other" included within "liquidity and cash flows" discussion below and "note 10 - debt" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our debt.
non-service fas pension (expense) income non-service fas pension expense was $1.0 billion in 2022, compared to $1.3 billion in 2021. non-service fas pension expense in 2022 includes a noncash, non-operating pension settlement charge of $1.5 billion ($1.2 billion, or $4.33 per share, after-tax), related to the transfer of $4.3 billion of our gross defined benefit pension obligations and related plan assets to an insurance company in the second quarter of 2022. non-service fas pension expense in 2021 includes a noncash, non-operating pension settlement charge of $1.7 billion ($1.3 billion, or $4.72 per share, after-tax), related to the transfer of $4.9 billion of our table of contents gross defined benefit pension obligations and related plan assets to an insurance company in the third quarter of 2021. see "note 11 - postretirement benefit plans" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other non-operating (expense) income, net other non-operating (expense) income, net primarily includes gains or losses related to changes in the fair value of mark-to-market investments. see "note 1 - organization and significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. other non-operating expense, net in 2022 was $74 million, compared to other non-operating income, net of $288 million in 2021. the decrease in 2022 was primarily due to decreases in the fair value of certain mark-to-market investments.
income tax expense our effective income tax rate was 14.2% for 2022 and 16.4% for 2021. the rate for 2022 was lower than the rate for 2021 primarily due to increased research and development tax credits. the rates for both 2022 and 2021 benefited from tax deductions for foreign derived intangible income, dividends paid to the company's defined contribution plans with an employee stock ownership plan feature, and employee equity awards.
changes in u.s. (federal or state) or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application (including those with retroactive effect), such as the amortization for research or experimental expenditures, could significantly impact our provision for income taxes, the amount of taxes payable, our deferred tax asset and liability balances, and stockholders' equity. in addition to future changes in tax laws, the amount of net deferred tax assets will change periodically based on several factors, including the measurement of our postretirement benefit plan obligations, actual cash contributions to our postretirement benefit plans and the change in the amount or reevaluation of uncertain tax positions.
beginning in 2022, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures immediately in the year incurred and requires taxpayers to amortize such expenditures over five years for tax purposes. this provision resulted in a cash tax liability for the 2022 tax year of approximately $660 million. our net deferred tax assets increased in 2022 by approximately $660 million as a result as well. this provision is expected to increase our 2023 cash tax liability by approximately $575 million. the actual impact on 2023 cash tax liability will depend on the amount of research and development expenses paid or incurred in 2023 among other factors. while the largest impact of this provision will be to 2022 cash tax liability, the impact will continue over the five-year amortization period, but will decrease over the period and be immaterial in year six.
as of december 31, 2021, our liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions were not material. as of december 31, 2022, our liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions increased to $1.6 billion with a corresponding increase to net deferred tax assets primarily as a result of the provision described above from the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017. see "note 9 - income taxes" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we are regularly under audit or examination by tax authorities, including foreign tax authorities (including in, amongst others, australia, canada, india, italy, japan, poland, and the united kingdom). the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could similarly result in unanticipated increases in our tax expense and affect profitability and cash flows.
on august 16, 2022, the president signed into law the inflation reduction act of 2022 which contained provisions effective january 1, 2023, including a 15% corporate minimum tax and a 1% excise tax on stock buybacks, both of which we expect to be immaterial to our financial results, financial position and cash flows.
net earnings we reported net earnings of $5.7 billion ($21.66 per share) in 2022 and $6.3 billion ($22.76 per share) in 2021. both net earnings and earnings per share in 2022 were affected by the factors mentioned above. earnings per share also benefited from a net decrease of approximately 12.8 million weighted average common shares outstanding in 2022, compared to 2021. the reduction in weighted average common shares was a result of share repurchases, partially offset by share issuance under our stock-based awards and certain defined contribution plans.
table of contents business segment results of operations we operate in four business segments: aeronautics, mfc, rms and space. we organize our business segments based on the nature of products and services offered.
net sales and operating profit of our business segments exclude intersegment sales, cost of sales, and profit as these activities are eliminated in consolidation and not included in management's evaluation of performance of each segment. business segment operating profit includes our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees as the operating activities of the equity method investees are closely aligned with the operations of our business segments. united launch alliance (ula), results of which are included in our space business segment, is our largest equity method investee.
business segment operating profit also excludes the fas/cas pension operating adjustment described below, a portion of corporate costs not considered allowable or allocable to contracts with the u.s. government under the applicable u.s. government cost accounting standards (cas) or federal acquisition regulations (far), and other items not considered part of management's evaluation of segment operating performance such as a portion of management and administration costs, legal fees and settlements, environmental costs, changes in the fair value of certain mark-to-market investments, stock-based compensation expense, changes in the fair value of investments and liabilities for deferred compensation plans, retiree benefits, significant severance actions, significant asset impairments, gains or losses from divestitures, and other miscellaneous corporate activities.
excluded items are included in the reconciling item "unallocated items" between operating profit from our business segments and our consolidated operating profit. see "note 1 - organization and significant accounting policies" for a discussion related to certain factors that may impact the comparability of net sales and operating profit of our business segments.
table of contents summary operating results for each of our business segments were as follows (in millions):
missiles and fire control                                   11,317                  11,693                  11,257
rotary and mission systems                                  16,148                  16,789                  15,995
operating profit aeronautics                                                 $2,866                  $2,799                  $2,843
missiles and fire control                                    1,635                   1,648                   1,545
rotary and mission systems                                   1,673                   1,798                   1,615
total business segment operating profit                      7,219                   7,379                   7,152
unallocated items fas/cas pension operating adjustment                         1,709                   1,960                   1,876
total consolidated operating profit                         $8,348                  $9,123                  $8,644
(a)see "consolidated results of operations - severance and other charges" discussion above for information on charges related to certain severance and other actions across our organization.
(b)other, net in 2020 includes a noncash impairment charge of $128 million recognized on our investment in the international equity method investee, advanced military maintenance, repair and overhaul center (ammroc). (see "note 1 - organization and significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information).
our business segments' results of operations include pension expense only as calculated under u.s. government cost accounting standards (cas), which we refer to as cas pension cost. we recover cas pension and other postretirement benefit plan cost through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts and, therefore, recognize cas pension cost in each of our business segment's net sales and cost of sales. our consolidated financial statements must present pension and other postretirement benefit plan (expense) income calculated in accordance with financial accounting standards (fas) requirements under u.s. gaap. the operating portion of the total fas/cas pension adjustment represents the difference between the service cost component of fas pension (expense) income and total cas pension cost. the non-service fas pension (expense) income components are included in non-service fas pension (expense) income in our consolidated statements of earnings. as a result, to the extent that cas pension cost exceeds the service cost component of fas pension (expense) income, we have a favorable fas/cas pension operating adjustment.
table of contents the total fas/cas pension adjustments, including the service and non-service cost components of fas pension (expense) income for our qualified defined benefit pension plans, were as follows (in millions):
the total fas/cas pension adjustment in 2022 reflects a noncash, non-operating pension settlement charge of $1.5 billion ($1.2 billion, or $4.33 per share, after-tax) recognized in connection with the transfer of $4.3 billion of our gross defined benefit pension obligations and related plan assets to an insurance company in the second quarter of 2022. the total fas/cas pension adjustment in 2021 reflects a noncash, non-operating pension settlement charge of $1.7 billion ($1.3 billion, or $4.72 per share, after-tax) recognized in connection with the transfer of $4.9 billion of our gross defined benefit pension obligations and related plan assets to an insurance company in the third quarter of 2021. see "note 11 - postretirement benefit plans" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements.
the following segment discussions also include information relating to backlog for each segment. backlog was approximately $150.0 billion and $135.4 billion at december 31, 2022 and 2021. these amounts included both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding has not yet been appropriated). backlog does not include unexercised options or task orders to be issued under indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contracts. funded backlog was approximately $95.5 billion at december 31, 2022, as compared to $88.5 billion at december 31, 2021. if any of our contracts with firm orders were to be terminated, our backlog would be reduced by the expected value of the unfilled orders of such contracts.
management evaluates performance on our contracts by focusing on net sales and operating profit and not by type or amount of operating expense. consequently, our discussion of business segment performance focuses on net sales and operating profit, consistent with our approach for managing the business. this approach is consistent throughout the life cycle of our contracts, as management assesses the bidding of each contract by focusing on net sales and operating profit and monitors performance on our contracts in a similar manner through their completion.
we regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. the cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract. for example, cost data provided to a customer for a product would typically align to the subcomponents of that product (such as a wing-box on an aircraft) and for services would align to the type of work being performed (such as aircraft sustainment). our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. most of our contracts are bid and negotiated with our customers under circumstances in which we are required to disclose our estimated total costs to provide the product or service. this approach for negotiating contracts with our u.s. government customers generally allows for recovery of our actual costs plus a reasonable profit margin. we also may enter into long-term supply contracts for certain materials or components to coincide with the production schedule of certain products and to ensure their availability at known unit prices.
many of our contracts span several years and include highly complex technical requirements. at the outset of a contract, we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract and assess the effects of those risks on our estimates of total costs to complete the contract. the estimates consider the technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product), the schedule and associated tasks (e.g., the number and type of milestone events) and costs (e.g., material, labor, subcontractor, overhead and the estimated costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, required under certain contracts with international customers). the initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract and variable considerations. profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks related to the technical, table of contents schedule and cost aspects of the contract, which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract. conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase. all of the estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and may affect the profit booking rate. for further discussion on fixed-price contracts, see "note 1 - organization and significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the u.s. government which cannot be specifically described. the operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs.
our net sales are primarily derived from long-term contracts for products and services provided to the u.s. government as well as fms contracted through the u.s. government. we recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. for performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation, generally using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as we incur costs on our contracts. for performance obligations in which control does not continuously transfer to the customer, we recognize revenue at the point in time in which each performance obligation is fully satisfied.
changes in net sales and operating profit generally are expressed in terms of volume. changes in volume refer to increases or decreases in sales or operating profit resulting from varying production activity levels, deliveries or service levels on individual contracts. volume changes in segment operating profit are typically based on the current profit booking rate for a particular contract.
in addition, comparability of our segment sales, operating profit and operating margin may be impacted favorably or unfavorably by changes in profit booking rates on our contracts for which we recognize revenue over time using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method to measure progress towards completion. increases in the profit booking rates, typically referred to as favorable profit adjustments, usually relate to revisions in the estimated total costs to fulfill the performance obligations that reflect improved conditions on a particular contract. conversely, conditions on a particular contract may deteriorate, resulting in an increase in the estimated total costs to fulfill the performance obligations and a reduction in the profit booking rate and are typically referred to as unfavorable profit adjustments. increases or decreases in profit booking rates are recognized in the current period they are determined and reflect the inception-to-date effect of such changes. segment operating profit and margin may also be impacted favorably or unfavorably by other items, which may or may not impact sales. favorable items may include the positive resolution of contractual matters, cost recoveries on severance and restructuring, insurance recoveries and gains on sales of assets. unfavorable items may include the adverse resolution of contractual matters; covid-19 impacts or supply chain disruptions; restructuring charges (except for significant severance actions, which are excluded from segment operating results); reserves for disputes; certain asset impairments; and losses on sales of certain assets.
our consolidated net profit booking rate adjustments increased segment operating profit by approximately $1.8 billion in 2022 and $2.0 billion in 2021. the consolidated net profit booking rate adjustments in 2022 compared to 2021 decreased primarily due to decreases in profit booking rate adjustments at space, rms and mfc offset by an increase in aeronautics. the consolidated net adjustments for 2022 and 2021 are inclusive of approximately $780 million and $900 million in unfavorable items, which include reserves for a classified program at aeronautics, various programs at rms and a ground solutions program at space.
we periodically experience performance issues and record losses for certain programs. for further discussion on programs at aeronautics and rms, see "note 1 - organization and significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
table of contents we have contracted with the canadian government for the canadian maritime helicopter program at our rms business segment that provide for design, development, and production of ch-148 aircraft (the original equipment contract), which is a military variant of the s-92 helicopter, and for logistical support to the fleet (the in service support contract) over an extended time period. the program has experienced performance issues, including delays in the final aircraft deliveries from the original contract requirement, and to date the royal canadian air force's flight hours have been less than originally anticipated, which has impacted program revenues and the recovery of our costs under this program. future sales and recovery of existing and future costs under the program are highly dependent upon achieving a certain number of flight hours, which could be adversely impacted by aircraft availability and performance, and the availability of canadian government resources. we are currently in discussions with the canadian government to potentially restructure certain contractual terms and conditions that may be beneficial to both parties. future performance issues or changes in our estimates due to revised contract scope or customer requirements may affect our ability to recover our costs and may result in a loss that could be material to our operating results.
we also have a number of contracts with türkish industry for the türkish utility helicopter program (tuhp), which anticipates co-production with türkish industry for production of t70 helicopters for use in türkiye, as well as the related provision of türkish goods and services under buy-back or offset obligations, to include the future sales of helicopters built in türkiye for sale globally. the u.s. government has imposed certain sanctions on türkish entities and persons that has affected our ability to perform under contracts supporting the türkish utility helicopter program. as a result of the sanctions, we have provided force majeure notices under the affected contracts and these contracts may be restructured or terminated, either in whole or in part, which could result in a further reduction in sales, the imposition of penalties or assessment of damages, and increased unrecoverable costs, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
aeronautics our aeronautics business segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support and upgrade of advanced military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles and related technologies. aeronautics' major programs include the f-35 lightning ii, c‐130 hercules, f-16 fighting falcon and f-22 raptor. aeronautics' operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                        2,866                            2,799                            2,843
aeronautics' net sales in 2022 increased $239 million, or 1%, compared to 2021. net sales increased by approximately $375 million on classified contracts primarily due to higher volume; about $80 million for the f-22 program due to higher net favorable profit adjustments; and approximately $55 million for the f-16 program due to higher volume on production contracts that was partially offset by lower volume on sustainment contracts and unfavorable profit adjustments on a production contract and modernization contracts. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of about $310 million for the f-35 program due to lower volume and favorable profit adjustments on sustainment and production contracts that were partially offset by higher volume on development contracts.
aeronautics' operating profit in 2022 increased $67 million, or 2%, compared to 2021. operating profit increased approximately $145 million on classified contracts primarily due to lower unfavorable profit adjustments on a classified program ($45 million in 2022 compared to $225 million in 2021) that were partially offset by lower favorable profit adjustments; and about $100 million for the f-22 program due to higher net favorable profit adjustments. these increases were partially offset by lower operating profit of approximately $110 million for the f-16 program due to unfavorable profit adjustments in 2022 on a production contract and modernization contracts; and about $80 million for the f-35 program due to lower net favorable profit adjustments on production and sustainment contracts and volume on sustainment contracts. net favorable profit booking rate adjustments were $30 million higher in 2022 compared to 2021.
table of contents missiles and fire control our mfc business segment provides air and missile defense systems; tactical missiles and air-to-ground precision strike weapon systems; logistics; fire control systems; mission operations support, readiness, engineering support and integration services; manned and unmanned ground vehicles; and energy management solutions. mfc's major programs include pac‐3, thaad, multiple launch rocket system (mlrs), hellfire, joint air-to-surface standoff missile (jassm), apache fire control system, sniper advanced targeting pod (sniper®), infrared search and track (irst21®) and special operations forces global logistics support services (sof glss). mfc's operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                        1,635                            1,648                            1,545
mfc's net sales in 2022 decreased $376 million, or 3%, compared to 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower net sales of approximately $280 million for sensors and global sustainment programs due to lower volume on sof glss as a result of changes in mission requirements and lower volume on sniper®; and about $60 million for integrated air and missile defense programs due to lower volume (thaad) and lower net favorable profit adjustments (pac-3) that were partially offset by higher volume (pac-3). net sales for tactical and strike missile programs were comparable as higher volume (prsm) was offset by lower volume (air dominance weapon systems).
mfc's operating profit in 2022 decreased $13 million, or 1%, compared to 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower operating profit of approximately $85 million for integrated air and missile defense programs due to lower net favorable profit adjustments for the pac-3 program and an unfavorable profit adjustment of about $40 million on an air and missile defense development program. this decrease was partially offset by an increase of about $50 million for tactical and strike missile programs due to contract mix and higher net favorable profit adjustments (an international tactical and strike missile program and himars) that were partially offset by an unfavorable profit adjustment of about $25 million on an air-to-ground missile program. there also were unfavorable profit adjustments of approximately $25 million on an energy program in 2021 that did not recur in 2022. operating profit for sensors and global sustainment programs was comparable as both contract mix and the net effect of favorable profit adjustments on an international program in 2022 were offset by the closeout activities related to the warrior program in 2021 that did not recur in 2022. net favorable profit booking rate adjustments were $45 million lower in 2022 compared to 2021.
rotary and mission systems rms designs, manufactures, services and supports various military and commercial helicopters, surface ships, sea and land-based missile defense systems, radar systems, sea and air-based mission and combat systems, command and control mission solutions, cyber solutions, and simulation and training solutions. rms' major programs include aegis combat system, littoral combat ship (lcs), multi-mission surface combatant (mmsc), black hawk and seahawk helicopters, ch-53k king stallion heavy lift helicopter, combat rescue helicopter (crh), vh-92a helicopter, and the c2bmc program.
on december 5, 2022, the u.s. army selected sikorsky's competitor in the future long range assault aircraft competition, a component of its future vertical lift initiative to replace a portion of its assault and utility helicopter fleet. on december 28, 2022, sikorsky, on behalf of team defiant, filed a protest challenging the u.s. army's decision, and a ruling is expected on or before april 7, 2023 based on the 100-day deadline. sikorsky remains one of two competitors for the other component of the future vertical lift initiative, the future attack reconnaissance aircraft competition.
operating profit                        1,673                            1,798                            1,615
rms' net sales in 2022 decreased $641 million, or 4%, compared to 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower net sales of approximately $280 million for tls programs primarily due to the delivery of an international pilot training system in the first quarter of 2021 that did not recur in 2022; about $205 million for various c6isr programs due to lower volume; and approximately $170 million for sikorsky helicopter programs due to lower production volume (black hawk) that was partially offset by higher production volume (ch-53k).
rms' operating profit in 2022 decreased $125 million, or 7%, compared to 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to approximately $70 million for sikorsky helicopter programs due to lower production volume and net favorable profit adjustments (black hawk) that were partially offset by higher net favorable profit adjustments (crh); about $50 million for various c6isr programs due to lower net favorable profit adjustments; and approximately $15 million for integrated warfare systems and sensors (iwss) programs due to lower net favorable profit adjustments (tpq-53 and aegis) that were partially offset by $30 million of unfavorable profit adjustments on a ground-based radar program in 2021 that did not recur in 2022. these decreases were partially offset by an increase of approximately $35 million for tls programs due to higher net favorable profit adjustments that were partially offset by lower volume due to the delivery of an international pilot training system in the first quarter of 2021 that did not recur in 2022. net favorable profit booking rate adjustments were $65 million lower in 2022 compared to 2021.
space our space business segment is engaged in the research and design, development, engineering and production of satellites, space transportation systems, and strategic, advanced strike and defensive systems. space provides network-enabled situational awareness and integrates complex space and ground global systems to help our customers gather, analyze, and securely distribute critical intelligence data. space is also responsible for various classified systems and services in support of vital national security systems. space's major programs include the trident ii d5 fleet ballistic missile (fbm), orion multi-purpose crew vehicle (orion), space based infrared system (sbirs) and next generation overhead persistent infrared (next gen opir) system, global positioning system (gps) iii, hypersonics programs and next generation interceptor (ngi). operating profit for our space business segment includes our share of earnings for our investment in ula, which provides expendable launch services to the u.s. government and commercial customers. space's operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                        1,045                            1,134                            1,149
space's net sales in 2022 decreased $282 million, or 2%, compared to 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower net sales of approximately $885 million due to the renationalization of the awe program on june 30, 2021, which was no longer included in our financial results beginning in the third quarter of 2021; and about $125 million for commercial civil space programs due to lower volume (orion). these decreases were partially offset by higher net sales of about $495 million for strategic and missile defense programs due to higher development volume (ngi); and about $245 million for national security space programs due to higher development volume (classified programs).
space's operating profit in 2022 decreased $89 million, or 8%, compared to 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to approximately $85 million for national security space programs primarily due to lower net favorable profit adjustments (classified programs and sbirs) that were partially offset by lower net unfavorable profit adjustments of $25 million on a table of contents ground solutions program; and about $40 million for commercial civil space programs due to lower net favorable profit adjustments (human lander system (hls)) and lower volume (orion). these decreases were partially offset by higher equity earnings of approximately $35 million from the company's investment in ula due to higher launch volume and launch mix; and about $20 million for strategic and missile defense programs due to higher net favorable profit adjustments (primarily ngi). operating profit for the awe program was comparable as its operating profit in 2021 was mostly offset by accelerated amortization expense for intangible assets as a result of the renationalization. net favorable profit booking rate adjustments were $150 million lower in 2022 compared to 2021.
equity earnings total equity earnings (primarily ula) represented approximately $100 million and $65 million, or 10% and 6%, of space's operating profit during 2022 and 2021.
backlog backlog increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the exercise of the orion production contract option for artemis vi-viii in commercial civil space and contract awards in national security space (southern positioning augmentation network (southpan) and classified).
liquidity and cash flows as of december 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of $2.5 billion. our principal source of liquidity is our cash from operations. however, we also have access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes, including share repurchases. this access includes our $3.0 billion revolving credit facility or the ability to issue commercial paper, and letters of credit to support customer advance payments and for other trade finance purposes such as guaranteeing our performance on particular contracts. we believe our cash and cash equivalents, our expected cash flow generated from operations and our access to credit markets will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements and cash deployment plans over the next twelve months and beyond based on our current business plans.
cash received from customers, either from the payment of invoices for work performed or for advances from non-u.s. government customers in excess of costs incurred, is our primary source of cash from operations. we generally do not begin work on contracts until funding is appropriated by the customer. however, from time to time, we fund customer programs ourselves pending government appropriations. if we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on the contract or in advance of a contract award, this negatively affects our cash flows and we may be at risk for reimbursement of the excess costs.
billing timetables and payment terms on our contracts vary based on a number of factors, including the contract type. we generally bill and collect cash more frequently under cost-reimbursable contracts, which represented approximately 38% of the sales we recorded in 2022, as we are authorized to bill as the costs are incurred. a number of our fixed-price contracts may provide for performance-based payments, which allow us to bill and collect cash as we perform on the contract. the amount of performance-based payments and the related milestones are encompassed in the negotiation of each contract. the timing of such payments may differ from the timing of the costs incurred related to our contract performance, thereby affecting our cash flows.
the u.s. government has indicated that it would consider progress payments as the baseline for negotiating payment terms on fixed-price contracts, rather than performance-based payments. in contrast to negotiated performance-based payment terms, progress payment provisions correspond to a percentage of the amount of costs incurred during the performance of the contract and are invoiced regularly as costs are incurred. our cash flows may be affected if the u.s. government changes its payment policies or decides to withhold payments on our billings. while the impact of policy changes or withholding payments may delay the receipt of cash, the cumulative amount of cash collected during the life of the contract should not vary.
to date, the effects of covid-19 have resulted in some negative impacts on our cash flows, partially due to supplier disruptions and delays. the u.s. government has taken certain actions and enacted legislation to mitigate the impacts of covid-19 on public health, the economy, state and local governments, individuals, and businesses. since the pandemic began, lockheed martin has remained committed to accelerating payments to the supply chain with a focus on small and at risk businesses. as of december 31, 2022, we have accelerated $1.5 billion of payments to our suppliers that are due by their terms in future periods. we will continue to monitor supply chain risks, especially at small and at-risk related suppliers, and may continue to utilize accelerated payments in 2023 on an as needed basis.
in addition, we have a balanced cash deployment strategy to invest in our business and key technologies to provide our customers with enhanced capabilities, enhance stockholder value, and position ourselves to take advantage of new business table of contents opportunities when they arise. consistent with that strategy, we have continued to invest in our business and technologies through capital expenditures, independent research and development, and selective business acquisitions and investments.
we have returned cash to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. on october 17, 2022, the board of directors authorized an additional $14.0 billion to the program. during the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase (asr) agreement to repurchase $4.0 billion of our common stock and issued $4.0 billion of senior unsecured notes. as of december 31, 2022, the total remaining authorization for future common share repurchases under our program was $10.0 billion, which is expected to be utilized over a three-year period. we expect to fund the repurchases through a combination of cash from operations and the issuance of additional debt. the stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date and may be amended or terminated by the board of directors at any time. the amount of shares ultimately purchased and the timing of purchases are at the discretion of management and subject to compliance with applicable law and regulation.
we continue to actively manage our debt levels, including maturities and interest rates, as evidenced by the debt transaction in the second quarter of 2022, the proceeds of which were used to refinance certain upcoming debt maturities between 2023 and 2026. we also actively manage our pension obligations and expect to continue to opportunistically manage our pension liabilities through the purchase of group annuity contracts for portions of our outstanding defined benefit pension obligations using assets from the pension trust as we did in the second quarter of 2022. see "note 11 - postretirement benefit plans" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. future pension risk transfer transactions could also be significant and result in us making additional contributions to the pension trust.
the following table provides a summary of our cash flow information followed by a discussion of the key elements (in millions):
operating activities net earnings                                                       5,732                   6,315                   6,833
changes in working capital                                         (733)                       9                     101
net cash provided by operating activities                          7,802                   9,221                   8,183
net cash used for investing activities                           (1,789)                 (1,161)                 (2,010)
net cash used for financing activities                           (7,070)                 (7,616)                 (4,527)
net change in cash and cash equivalents                          (1,057)                     444                   1,646
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities decreased $1.4 billion in 2022 compared to 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower cash at aeronautics, mfc and rms. the decrease at aeronautics was primarily due to timing of production and billing cycles impacting contract assets (primarily f-35). the decrease at mfc was primarily due to timing of accounts receivables collections. the decrease at rms was primarily due to liquidation of inventories (primarily tls and sikorsky helicopter programs) in 2021 that did not recur in 2022. as of december 31, 2022, we accelerated $1.5 billion of payments to suppliers that were due in the first quarter of 2023, compared to $2.2 billion of payments to suppliers as of december 31, 2021 that were due in the first quarter of 2022. our federal and foreign income tax payments, net of refunds, were $1.6 billion in 2022, compared to $1.4 billion in 2021.
non-gaap financial measure - free cash flow free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure that we define as cash from operations less capital expenditures. our capital expenditures are comprised of equipment and facilities infrastructure and information technology (inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software that are capitalized). we use free cash flow to evaluate our business performance and overall liquidity, as well as a performance goal in our annual and long-term incentive plans. we believe free cash flow is a useful measure for investors because it represents the amount of cash generated from operations after reinvesting in the business and that may be available to return to stockholders and creditors (through dividends, stock repurchases and debt repayments) or available to fund acquisitions and other investments. the entire amount of free cash flow is not necessarily available for discretionary expenditures, however, because it does not account for certain mandatory expenditures, such as the table of contents repayment of maturing debt and pension contributions. while management believes that free cash flow as a non-gaap financial measure may be useful in evaluating our financial performance, it should be considered supplemental to, and not a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
the following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow (in millions):
capital expenditures                  (1,670)                 (1,522)                 (1,766)
investing activities cash flows related to investing activities primarily include capital expenditures and payments for acquisitions and divestitures of businesses and investments. the majority of our capital expenditures are for equipment and facilities infrastructure that generally are incurred to support new and existing programs across all of our business segments. we also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software.
net cash used for investing activities increased $628 million in 2022 compared to 2021. the increase in cash used for investing activities is due to an increase in capital expenditures and the receipt of $307 million in 2021 from the sale of our ownership interest in the advanced military maintenance, repair and overhaul center (ammroc) joint venture. capital expenditures totaled $1.7 billion and $1.5 billion in 2022 and 2021.
financing activities net cash used for financing activities decreased $546 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to repayment of $500 million of long-term notes in 2021.
during 2022, we paid $7.9 billion to repurchase 18.3 million shares of our common stock. see "note 12 - stockholders' equity" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. during 2021, we paid $4.1 billion to repurchase 11.7 million shares of our common stock.
in october 2022, we received net proceeds of $3.9 billion from issuance of senior unsecured notes and used the net proceeds from the offering to enter into an asr agreement to repurchase $4.0 billion of our common stock. see "note 10 - debt" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in september 2021, we repaid $500 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 3.35% according to their scheduled maturities.
capital structure, resources and other at december 31, 2022, we held cash and cash equivalents of $2.5 billion that were generally available to fund ordinary business operations without significant legal, regulatory, or other restrictions.
our outstanding debt, net of unamortized discounts and issuance costs, was $15.5 billion as of december 31, 2022 and is in the form of publicly-issued notes that bear interest at fixed rates. as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants contained in our debt and credit agreements. see "note 10 - debt" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information on our long-term debt and revolving credit facilities.
table of contents we actively seek to finance our business in a manner that preserves financial flexibility while minimizing borrowing costs to the extent practicable. we review changes in financial market and economic conditions to manage the types, amounts and maturities of our indebtedness. we may at times refinance existing indebtedness, vary our mix of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt or seek alternative financing sources for our cash and operational needs.
long-term debt on october 24, 2022, we issued a total of $4.0 billion of senior unsecured notes, consisting of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.95% notes due 2025 (the "2025 notes"), $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.10% notes due 2027 (the "2027 notes"), $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.25% notes due 2033 (the "2033 notes"), $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.70% notes due 2054 (the "2054 notes") and $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.90% notes due 2063 (the "2063 notes" and, together with the 2025 notes, the 2027 notes, the 2033 notes and the 2054 notes, the "october 2022 notes"). we will pay interest on the 2025 notes semi-annually in arrears on april 15 and october 15 of each year, beginning on april 15, 2023. we will pay interest on the 2033 notes semi-annually in arrears on january 15 and july 15 of each year, beginning on january 15, 2023. we will pay interest on each of 2027 notes, 2054 notes and 2063 notes semi-annually in arrears on may 15 and november 15 of each year, beginning on may 15, 2023. we may, at our option, redeem the october 2022 notes of any series, in whole or in part, at any time at the redemption prices equal to the greater of 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or an applicable "make-whole" amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption.
on may 5, 2022, we issued a total of $2.3 billion of senior unsecured notes, consisting of $800 million aggregate principal amount of 3.90% notes due june 15, 2032 (the "2032 notes"), $850 million aggregate principal amount of 4.15% notes due june 15, 2053 (the "2053 notes") and $650 million aggregate principal amount of 4.30% notes due june 15, 2062 (the "2062 notes" and, together with the 2032 notes and 2053 notes, the "may 2022 notes") in a registered public offering. net proceeds received from the offering were, after deducting pricing discounts and debt issuance costs, which are being amortized and recorded as interest expense over the term of the may 2022 notes. we will pay interest on the may 2022 notes semi-annually in arrears on june 15 and december 15 of each year with the first payment made on june 15, 2022. we may, at our option, redeem the may 2022 notes of any series, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of 100% of the principal amount of the may 2022 notes to be redeemed or an applicable make-whole amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption.
on may 11, 2022, we used the net proceeds from the may 2022 notes to redeem all of the outstanding $500 million in aggregate principal amount of our 3.10% notes due 2023, $750 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2.90% notes due 2025, and $1.0 billion of our outstanding $2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of our 3.55% notes due 2026 at their redemption price. we paid make-whole premiums of $13.9 million in connection with the early extinguishments of debt. we incurred losses of $34 million ($26 million, or $0.10 per share, after tax) on these transactions related to early extinguishments of debt, additional interest expense and other related charges, which was recorded in other non-operating (expense) income, net in our consolidated statements of earnings.
table of contents contractual commitments at december 31, 2022, we had contractual commitments to repay debt, make payments under operating leases, settle obligations related to agreements to purchase goods and services and settle tax and other liabilities. financing lease obligations were not material. payments due under these obligations and commitments are as follows (in millions):
total                 due within other liabilities                                      3,520                      222
operating activities                                  59,101                   27,925
capital expenditures                      671                                     472
the table above includes debt presented gross of any unamortized discounts and issuance costs, but excludes the net unfunded obligation and estimated minimum funding requirements related to our qualified defined benefit pension plans. for additional information about obligations and our future minimum contribution requirements for these plans, see "note 11 - postretirement benefit plans" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements. amounts related to other liabilities represent the contractual obligations for certain long-term liabilities recorded as of december 31, 2022. such amounts mainly include expected payments under non-qualified pension plans, environmental liabilities and deferred compensation plans.
purchase obligations related to operating activities include agreements and contracts that give the supplier recourse to us for cancellation or nonperformance under the contract or contain terms that would subject us to liquidated damages. such agreements and contracts may, for example, be related to direct materials, obligations to subcontractors and outsourcing arrangements. total purchase obligations for operating activities in the preceding table include approximately $53.7 billion related to contractual commitments entered into as a result of contracts we have with our u.s. government customers. the u.s. government generally would be required to pay us for any costs we incur relative to these commitments if they were to terminate the related contracts "for convenience" under the far, subject to available funding. this also would be true in cases where we perform subcontract work for a prime contractor under a u.s. government contract. the termination for convenience language also may be included in contracts with foreign, state and local governments. we also have contracts with customers that do not include termination for convenience provisions, including contracts with commercial customers.
the majority of our capital expenditures for 2022 and those planned for 2023 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure and information technology. the amounts above in the table represent the portion of expected capital expenditures to be incurred in 2023 and beyond that have been obligated under contracts as of december 31, 2022 and not necessarily total capital expenditures for future periods. expenditures for equipment and facilities infrastructure are generally incurred to support new and existing programs across all of our business segments. for example, we have projects underway at aeronautics to support classified development programs and at rms to support our sikorsky helicopter programs; and we have projects underway to modernize certain of our facilities. we also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software.
we also may enter into industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, as a condition to obtaining orders for our products and services from certain customers in foreign countries. these agreements are designed to enhance the social and economic environment of the foreign country by requiring the contractor to promote investment in the country. offset agreements may be satisfied through activities that do not require us to use cash, including transferring technology, providing manufacturing and other consulting support to in-country projects and the purchase by third parties (e.g., our vendors) of supplies from in-country vendors. these agreements also may be satisfied through our use of cash for such activities as purchasing supplies from in-country vendors, providing financial support for in-country projects, establishment of joint ventures with local companies and building or leasing facilities for in-country operations. we typically do not commit to offset agreements until orders for our products or services are definitive. the amounts ultimately applied against our offset agreements are based on negotiations with the customer and typically require cash outlays that represent only a fraction of the original amount in the offset agreement. satisfaction of our offset obligations are included in the estimates of our total costs to complete the contract and may impact our sales, profitability and cash flows. our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of table of contents ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities. at december 31, 2022, the notional value of remaining obligations under our outstanding offset agreements totaled approximately $16.1 billion, which primarily relate to our aeronautics, mfc and rms business segments, most of which extend through 2044. to the extent we have entered into purchase or other obligations at december 31, 2022 that also satisfy offset agreements, those amounts are included in the contractual commitments table above. offset programs usually extend over several years and may provide for penalties, estimated at approximately $1.8 billion at december 31, 2022, in the event we fail to perform in accordance with offset requirements. while historically we have not been required to pay material penalties, resolution of offset requirements are often the result of negotiations and subjective judgments.
we have entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds issued on our behalf by financial institutions, and we have directly issued guarantees to third parties primarily relating to advances received from customers and the guarantee of future performance on certain contracts. letters of credit and surety bonds generally are available for draw down in the event we do not perform. in some cases, we may guarantee the contractual performance of third parties such as joint venture partners. at december 31, 2022, we had the following outstanding letters of credit, surety bonds and third-party guarantees (in millions):
total                  less than commitment                     1 year standby letters of credit (a)                   $2,504                       $966
total commitments                               $3,750                     $1,538
(a)approximately $704 million of standby letters of credit in the "less than 1 year" category are expected to renew for additional periods until completion of the contractual obligation.
at december 31, 2022, third-party guarantees totaled $904 million, of which approximately 71% related to guarantees of contractual performance of joint ventures to which we currently are or previously were a party. these amounts represent our estimate of the maximum amounts we would expect to incur upon the contractual non-performance of the joint venture, joint venture partners or divested businesses. generally, we also have cross-indemnities in place that may enable us to recover amounts that may be paid on behalf of a joint venture partner.
in determining our exposures, we evaluate the reputation, performance on contractual obligations, technical capabilities and credit quality of our current and former joint venture partners and the transferee under novation agreements, all of which include a guarantee as required by the far. at december 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no material amounts recorded in our financial statements related to third-party guarantees or novation agreements.
critical accounting policies contract accounting / sales recognition the majority of our net sales are generated from long-term contracts with the u.s. government and international customers (including fms contracted through the u.s. government) for the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. we account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. for certain contracts that meet the foregoing requirements, primarily international direct commercial sale contracts, we are required to obtain certain regulatory approvals. in these cases, we recognize revenue when it is probable that we will receive regulatory approvals based upon all known facts and circumstances. we provide our products and services under fixed-price and cost-reimbursable contracts.
under fixed-price contracts, we agree to perform the specified work for a pre-determined price. to the extent our actual costs vary from the estimates upon which the price was negotiated, we will generate more or less profit or could incur a loss. some fixed-price contracts have a performance-based component under which we may earn incentive payments or incur financial penalties based on our performance.
cost-reimbursable contracts provide for the payment of allowable costs incurred during performance of the contract plus a fee up to a ceiling based on the amount that has been funded. typically, we enter into three types of cost-reimbursable contracts: cost-plus-award-fee, cost-plus-incentive-fee, and cost-plus-fixed-fee. cost-plus-award-fee contracts provide for an award fee that varies within specified limits based on the customer's assessment of our performance against a predetermined set of criteria, such as targets based on cost, quality, technical and schedule criteria. cost-plus-incentive-fee contracts provide for reimbursement of costs plus a fee, which is adjusted by a formula based on the relationship of total allowable costs to total target costs (i.e., incentive based on cost) or reimbursement of costs plus an incentive to exceed stated performance targets (i.e., table of contents incentive based on performance). cost-plus-fixed-fee contracts provide a fixed fee that is negotiated at the inception of the contract and does not vary with actual costs.
we assess each contract at its inception to determine whether it should be combined with other contracts. when making this determination, we consider factors such as whether two or more contracts were negotiated and executed at or near the same time or were negotiated with an overall profit objective. if combined, we treat the combined contracts as a single contract for revenue recognition purposes.
we evaluate the products or services promised in each contract at inception to determine whether the contract should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations. the products and services in our contracts are typically not distinct from one another due to their complex relationships and the significant contract management functions required to perform under the contract. accordingly, our contracts are typically accounted for as one performance obligation. in limited cases, our contracts have more than one distinct performance obligation, which occurs when we perform activities that are not highly complex or interrelated or involve different product lifecycles. significant judgment is required in determining performance obligations, and these decisions could change the amount of revenue and profit recorded in a given period. we classify net sales as products or services on our consolidated statements of earnings based on the predominant attributes of the performance obligations.
we determine the transaction price for each contract based on the consideration we expect to receive for the products or services being provided under the contract. for contracts where a portion of the price may vary (e.g. awards, incentive fees and claims), we estimate variable consideration at the most likely amount, which is included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. we analyze the risk of a significant revenue reversal and if necessary constrain the amount of variable consideration recognized in order to mitigate this risk.
at the inception of a contract we estimate the transaction price based on our current rights and do not contemplate future modifications (including unexercised options) or follow-on contracts until they become legally enforceable. contracts are often subsequently modified to include changes in specifications, requirements or price, which may create new or change existing enforceable rights and obligations. depending on the nature of the modification, we consider whether to account for the modification as an adjustment to the existing contract or as a separate contract. generally, modifications to our contracts are not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant integration and interrelated tasks provided in the context of the contract. therefore, such modifications are accounted for as if they were part of the existing contract and recognized as a cumulative adjustment to revenue.
for contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on the estimated standalone selling price of the product or service underlying each performance obligation. the standalone selling price represents the amount we would sell the product or service to a customer on a standalone basis (i.e., not bundled with any other products or services). our contracts with the u.s. government, including fms contracts, are subject to far and the price is typically based on estimated or actual costs plus a reasonable profit margin. as a result of these regulations, the standalone selling price of products or services in our contracts with the u.s. government and fms contracts are typically equal to the selling price stated in the contract.
for non-u.s. government contracts with multiple performance obligations, we evaluate whether the stated selling prices for the products or services represent their standalone selling prices. we primarily sell customized solutions unique to a customer's specifications. when it is necessary to allocate the transaction price to multiple performance obligations, we typically use the expected cost plus a reasonable profit margin to estimate the standalone selling price of each product or service. we occasionally sell standard products or services with observable standalone sales transactions. in these situations, the observable standalone sales transactions are used to determine the standalone selling price.
we recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. in determining when performance obligations are satisfied, we consider factors such as contract terms, payment terms and whether there is an alternative future use of the product or service. substantially all of our revenue is recognized over time as we perform under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. for most contracts with the u.s. government and fms contracts, this continuous transfer of control of the work in process to the customer is supported by clauses in the contract that give the customer ownership of work in process and allow the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience and pay us for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit. for most non-u.s. government contracts, primarily international direct commercial contracts, continuous transfer of control to our customer is supported because we deliver products that do not have an alternative use to us and if our customer were to terminate the contract for reasons other than our non-performance we would have the right to recover damages which would include, among other potential damages, the right to payment for our work performed to date plus a reasonable profit.
table of contents for performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation, generally using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as we incur costs on our contracts. under the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs to complete the performance obligation(s). for performance obligations to provide services to the customer, revenue is recognized over time based on costs incurred or the right to invoice method (in situations where the value transferred matches our billing rights) as our customer receives and consumes the benefits.
for performance obligations in which control does not continuously transfer to the customer, we recognize revenue at the point in time in which each performance obligation is fully satisfied. this coincides with the point in time the customer obtains control of the product or service, which typically occurs upon customer acceptance or receipt of the product or service, given that we maintain control of the product or service until that point.
significant estimates and assumptions are made in estimating contract sales, costs, and profit. we estimate profit as the difference between estimated revenues and total estimated costs to complete the contract. at the outset of a long-term contract, we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract, as well as our ability to earn variable consideration, and assess the effects of those risks on our estimates of sales and total costs to complete the contract. the estimates consider the technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product), the schedule and associated tasks (e.g., the number and type of milestone events) and costs (e.g., material, labor, subcontractor, overhead, general and administrative and the estimated costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset or localization agreements, required under certain contracts with international customers). the initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks related to technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract, which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract or may increase the variable consideration we expect to receive on the contract. conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase or our estimates of variable consideration we expect to receive decrease. all of the estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and may affect the profit booking rate. when estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed total estimates of the transaction price, a provision for the entire loss is determined at the contract level and is recorded in the period in which the loss is evident, which we refer to as a reach-forward loss.
comparability of our segment sales, operating profit and operating margin may be impacted favorably or unfavorably by changes in profit booking rates on our contracts for which we recognize revenue over time using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method to measure progress towards completion. increases in the profit booking rates, typically referred to as favorable profit adjustments, usually relate to revisions in the estimated total costs to fulfill the performance obligations that reflect improved conditions on a particular contract. conversely, conditions on a particular contract may deteriorate, resulting in an increase in the estimated total costs to fulfill the performance obligations and a reduction in the profit booking rate and are typically referred to as unfavorable profit adjustments. increases or decreases in profit booking rates are recognized in the current period they are determined and reflect the inception-to-date effect of such changes. segment operating profit and margin may also be impacted favorably or unfavorably by other items, which may or may not impact sales. favorable items may include the positive resolution of contractual matters, cost recoveries on severance and restructuring, insurance recoveries and gains on sales of assets. unfavorable items may include the adverse resolution of contractual matters; covid-19 impacts or supply chain disruptions; restructuring charges (except for significant severance actions, which are excluded from segment operating results); reserves for disputes; certain asset impairments; and losses on sales of certain assets.
other contract accounting considerations the majority of our sales are driven by pricing based on costs incurred to produce products or perform services under contracts with the u.s. government. cost-based pricing is determined under the far. the far provides guidance on the types of costs that are allowable in establishing prices for goods and services under u.s. government contracts. for example, costs such as those related to charitable contributions, interest expense and certain advertising and public relations activities are unallowable and, therefore, not recoverable through sales. in addition, we may enter into advance agreements with the u.s. government that address the subjects of allowability and allocability of costs to contracts for specific matters. for example, most of the environmental costs we incur for environmental remediation related to sites operated in prior years are allocated to our current operations as general and administrative costs under far provisions and supporting advance agreements reached with the u.s. government.
table of contents we closely monitor compliance with and the consistent application of our critical accounting policies related to contract accounting. costs incurred and allocated to contracts are reviewed for compliance with u.s. government regulations by our personnel and are subject to audit by the defense contract audit agency.
postretirement benefit plans overview many of our employees and retirees participate in qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans, retiree medical and life insurance plans and other postemployment plans (collectively, postretirement benefit plans - see "note 11 - postretirement benefit plans" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements). the majority of our accrued benefit obligations relate to our qualified defined benefit pension and retiree medical and life insurance plans. we recognize on a plan-by-plan basis the net funded status of these postretirement benefit plans under gaap as either an asset or a liability on our consolidated balance sheets. the gaap funded status represents the difference between the fair value of each plan's assets and the benefit obligation of the plan. the gaap benefit obligation represents the present value of the estimated future benefits we currently expect to pay to plan participants based on past service. the qualified defined benefit pension plans for salaried employees are fully frozen effective january 1, 2020 and our salaried employees participate in an enhanced defined contribution retirement savings plan.
similar to recent years, we continue to take actions to mitigate the effect of our defined benefit pension plans on our financial results by reducing the volatility of our pension obligations, including entering into pension risk transfer transactions involving the purchase of group annuity contracts (gacs) for portions of our outstanding defined benefit pension obligations using assets from the pension trust. during the second quarter of 2022, we purchased gacs to transfer $4.3 billion of gross defined benefit pension obligations and related plan assets to an insurance company for approximately 13,600 u.s. retirees and beneficiaries. the gacs were purchased using assets from lockheed martin's master retirement trust and no additional funding contribution was required. in connection with this transaction, we recognized a noncash, non-operating pension settlement charge of $1.5 billion ($1.2 billion, or $4.33 per share, after-tax) for the affected defined benefit pension plans in the quarter ended june 26, 2022, which represents the accelerated recognition of actuarial losses that were included in the accumulated other comprehensive loss account within stockholders' equity. similarly, in the third quarter of 2021, we purchased gacs to transfer $4.9 billion of gross defined benefit pension obligations and related plan assets to an insurance company for approximately 18,000 u.s. retirees and beneficiaries. in connection with this transaction, we recognized a noncash pension settlement charge of $1.7 billion ($1.3 billion, or $4.72 per share, after tax) during the third quarter of 2021.
inclusive of the transactions described above, since december 2018, lockheed martin, through its master retirement trust, has purchased total contracts for approximately $15.9 billion related to our outstanding defined benefit pension obligations eliminating pension plan volatility for approximately 109,000 retirees and beneficiaries and annually required pension benefit guarantee corporation (pbgc) premiums of approximately $79 million per year.
we expect to continue to look for opportunities to manage our pension liabilities through additional pension risk transfer transactions in future years. future transactions could result in a noncash settlement charge to earnings, which could be material to a reporting period.
notwithstanding these actions, the impact of our postretirement benefit plans on our earnings may be volatile in that the amount of expense we record and the funded status for our postretirement benefit plans may materially change from year to year because the calculations are sensitive to changes in several key economic assumptions, including interest rates, actual rates of return on plan assets and other actuarial assumptions including participant longevity, as well as the timing of cash funding.
actuarial assumptions the benefit obligations and assets of our postretirement benefit plans are measured at the end of each year, or more frequently, upon the occurrence of certain events such as a significant plan amendment (including in connection with a pension risk transfer transaction), settlement, or curtailment. the amounts we record are measured using actuarial valuations, which are dependent upon key assumptions such as discount rates, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and participant longevity. the assumptions we make affect both the calculation of the benefit obligations as of the measurement date and the calculation of fas expense in subsequent periods. when reassessing these assumptions, we consider past and current market conditions and make judgments about future market trends. we also consider factors such as the timing and amounts of expected contributions to the plans and benefit payments to plan participants.
we continue to use a single weighted average discount rate approach when calculating our consolidated benefit obligations related to our defined benefit pension plans resulting in 5.250% at december 31, 2022, compared to 2.875% at december 31, table of contents
2021. we utilized a single weighted average discount rate of 5.25% when calculating our benefit obligations related to our retiree medical and life insurance plans at december 31, 2022, compared to 2.75% at december 31, 2021. we evaluate several data points in order to arrive at an appropriate single weighted average discount rate, including results from cash flow models, quoted rates from long-term bond indices and changes in long-term bond rates over the past year. as part of our evaluation, we calculate the approximate average yields on corporate bonds rated aa or better selected to match our projected postretirement benefit plan cash flows. the increase in the discount rate from december 31, 2021 to december 31, 2022 resulted in a decrease in the projected benefit obligations of our qualified defined benefit pension plans of approximately $10.2 billion at december 31, 2022.
we utilized an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.50% at both december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021. the long-term rate of return assumption represents the expected long-term rate of return on the funds invested or to be invested, to provide for the benefits included in the benefit obligations. this assumption is based on several factors including historical market index returns, the anticipated long-term allocation of plan assets, the historical return data for the trust funds, plan expenses and the potential to outperform market index returns. the difference between the long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption we select and the actual return on plan assets in any given year affects both the funded status of our benefit plans and the calculation of fas pension expense in subsequent periods. although the actual return in any specific year likely will differ from the assumption, the average expected return over a long-term future horizon should be approximately equal to the assumption. any variance each year should not, by itself, suggest that the assumption should be changed. patterns of variances are reviewed over time, and then combined with expectations for the future. as a result, changes in this assumption are less frequent than changes in the discount rate. the actual investment return for our qualified defined benefit plans during 2022 of $(5.9) billion, based on an actual rate of approximately (18)%, reduced plan assets more than the $1.9 billion expected return based on our long-term rate of return assumption.
our stockholders' equity has been reduced cumulatively by $7.9 billion from the annual year-end measurements of the funded status of postretirement benefit plans. the cumulative noncash, after-tax reduction primarily represents net actuarial losses resulting from changes in discount rates, investment experience, and updated longevity. a market-related value of our plan assets, determined using actual asset gains or losses over the prior three-year period, is used to calculate the amount of deferred asset gains or losses to be amortized. these cumulative actuarial losses will be amortized to expense using the corridor method, where gains and losses are recognized to the extent they exceed 10% of the greater of plan assets or benefit obligations, over an average period of approximately twenty years as of december 31, 2022. during 2022, $1.2 billion of these amounts, along with amortization of net prior service credit, were recognized as a component of postretirement benefit plans expense inclusive of the noncash pension settlement charge of $1.2 billion.
the discount rate and long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions we select at the end of each year are based on our best estimates and judgment. a change of plus or minus 25 basis points in the 5.25% discount rate assumption at december 31, 2022, with all other assumptions held constant, would have decreased or increased the amount of the qualified pension benefit obligation we recorded at the end of 2022 by approximately $800 million, which would result in an after-tax increase or decrease in stockholders' equity at the end of the year of approximately $600 million. if the 5.25% discount rate at december 31, 2022 that was used to compute the expected 2023 fas pension income for our qualified defined benefit pension plans had been 25 basis points higher or lower, with all other assumptions held constant, the amount of fas pension income projected for 2023 would change approximately $5 million. if the 6.50% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption at december 31, 2022 that was used to compute the expected 2023 fas pension income for our qualified defined benefit pension plans had been 25 basis points higher or lower, with all other assumptions held constant, the amount of fas pension income projected for 2023 would be higher or lower by approximately $65 million. each year, differences between the actual and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets impacts the measurement of the following year's fas pension income. every 100 basis points increase (decrease) in return during 2022 between our actual rate of return of approximately (18)% and our expected long-term rate of return increased (decreased) 2023 expected fas pension income by approximately $10 million.
funding considerations we made no contributions in 2022 and 2021 to our qualified defined benefit pension plans. funding of our qualified defined benefit pension plans is determined in a manner consistent with cas and in accordance with the employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa), as amended, along with consideration of cas and internal revenue code rules. our goal has been to fund the pension plans to a level of at least 80%, as determined in accordance with erisa. the erisa funded status of our qualified defined benefit pension plans was approximately 82% and 92% as of december 31, 2022 and 2021; which is calculated on a different basis than under gaap and reflects the impact of the american rescue plan act of 2021.
contributions to our defined benefit pension plans are recovered over time through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts, including fms, and are recognized in our cost of sales and net sales. cas govern the extent to table of contents which our pension costs are allocable to and recoverable under contracts with the u.s. government, including fms. pension cost recoveries under cas occur in different periods from when pension contributions are made in accordance with erisa.
we recovered $1.8 billion in 2022 and $2.1 billion in 2021 as cas pension costs. amounts contributed in excess of the cas pension costs recovered under u.s. government contracts are considered to be prepayment credits under the cas rules. our prepayment credits were approximately $4.3 billion and $7.0 billion at december 31, 2022 and 2021. the prepayment credit balance will increase or decrease based on our actual investment return on plan assets.
environmental matters we are a party to various agreements, proceedings and potential proceedings for environmental remediation issues, including matters at various sites where we have been designated a potentially responsible party (prp). at december 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheet for environmental matters was $696 million and $742 million. we have recorded assets totaling $618 million and $645 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021 for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery in pricing of our products and services for agencies of the u.s. government, as discussed below. the amount that is expected to be allocated to our non-u.s. government contracts or that is determined to not be recoverable under u.s. government contracts is expensed through cost of sales. we project costs and recovery of costs over approximately 20 years.
we enter into agreements (e.g., administrative consent orders, consent decrees) that document the extent and timing of some of our environmental remediation obligations. we also are involved in environmental remediation activities at sites where formal agreements either do not exist or do not quantify the extent and timing of our obligations. environmental remediation activities usually span many years, which makes estimating the costs more judgmental due to, for example, changing remediation technologies. to determine the costs related to clean up sites, we have to assess the extent of contamination, effects on natural resources, the appropriate technology to be used to accomplish the remediation, and evolving environmental standards.
we perform quarterly reviews of environmental remediation sites and record liabilities and receivables in the period it becomes probable that the liabilities have been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated (see the discussion under "environmental matters" in "note 1 - organization and significant accounting policies" and "note 14 - legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements). we consider the above factors in our quarterly estimates of the timing and amount of any future costs that may be required for environmental remediation activities, which result in the calculation of a range of estimates for each particular environmental remediation site. we do not discount the recorded liabilities, as the amount and timing of future cash payments are not fixed or cannot be reliably determined. given the required level of judgment and estimation, it is likely that materially different amounts could be recorded if different assumptions were used or if circumstances were to change (e.g., a change in environmental standards or a change in our estimate of the extent of contamination).
under agreements reached with the u.s. government, most of the amounts we spend for environmental remediation are allocated to our operations as general and administrative costs. under existing u.s. government regulations, these and other environmental expenditures relating to our u.s. government business, after deducting any recoveries received from insurance or other prps, are allowable in establishing prices of our products and services. as a result, most of the expenditures we incur are included in our net sales and cost of sales according to u.s. government agreement or regulation, regardless of the contract form (e.g. cost-reimbursable, fixed-price). we continually evaluate the recoverability of our assets for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery by assessing, among other factors, u.s. government regulations, our u.s. government business base and contract mix, our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs, and efforts by some u.s. government representatives to limit such reimbursement.
as disclosed above, we may record changes in the amount of environmental remediation liabilities as a result of our quarterly reviews of the status of our environmental remediation sites, which would result in a change to the corresponding amount that is probable of future recovery and a charge to earnings. for example, if we were to determine that the liabilities should be increased by $100 million, the corresponding amount that is probable of future recovery would be increased by approximately $89 million, with the remainder recorded as a charge to earnings. this allocation is determined annually, based upon our existing and projected business activities with the u.s. government.
we cannot reasonably determine the extent of our financial exposure at all environmental remediation sites with which we are involved. there are a number of former operating facilities we are monitoring or investigating for potential future environmental remediation. in some cases, although a loss may be probable, it is not possible at this time to reasonably estimate the amount of any obligation for remediation activities because of uncertainties (e.g., assessing the extent of the contamination). during any particular quarter, such uncertainties may be resolved, allowing us to estimate and recognize the initial liability to table of contents remediate a particular former operating site. the amount of the liability could be material. upon recognition of the liability, a portion will be recognized as a receivable with the remainder charged to earnings, which may have a material effect in any particular interim reporting period.
if we are ultimately found to have liability at those sites where we have been designated a prp, we expect that the actual costs of environmental remediation will be shared with other liable prps. generally, prps that are ultimately determined to be responsible parties are strictly liable for site remediation and usually agree among themselves to share, on an allocated basis, the costs and expenses for environmental investigation and remediation. under existing environmental laws, responsible parties are jointly and severally liable and, therefore, we are potentially liable for the full cost of funding such remediation. in the unlikely event that we were required to fund the entire cost of such remediation, the statutory framework provides that we may pursue rights of cost recovery or contribution from the other prps. the amounts we record do not reflect the fact that we may recover some of the environmental costs we have incurred through insurance or from other prps, which we are required to pursue by agreement and u.s. government regulation.
goodwill and intangible assets the assets and liabilities of acquired businesses are recorded under the acquisition method of accounting at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying identifiable net assets of acquired businesses. intangible assets from acquired businesses are recognized at fair value on the acquisition date and consist of customer programs, trademarks, customer relationships, technology and other intangible assets. customer programs include values assigned to major programs of acquired businesses and represent the aggregate value associated with the customer relationships, contracts, technology and trademarks underlying the associated program. intangible assets are amortized over a period of expected cash flows used to measure fair value, which typically ranges from five to 20 years.
our goodwill balance was $10.8 billion at both december 31, 2022 and 2021. we perform an impairment test of our goodwill at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired. such events or changes in circumstances may include a significant deterioration in overall economic conditions, changes in the business climate of our industry, a decline in our market capitalization, operating performance indicators, competition, reorganizations of our business, u.s. government budget restrictions or the disposal of all or a portion of a reporting unit. our goodwill has been allocated to and is tested for impairment at a level referred to as the reporting unit, which is our business segment level or a level below the business segment. the level at which we test goodwill for impairment requires us to determine whether the operations below the business segment constitute a self-sustaining business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results.
we may use both qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill for impairment. for selected reporting units where we use the qualitative approach, we perform a qualitative evaluation of events and circumstances impacting the reporting unit to determine the likelihood of goodwill impairment. based on that qualitative evaluation, if we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further evaluation is necessary. otherwise, we perform a quantitative impairment test. we perform quantitative tests for most reporting units at least once every three years. however, for certain reporting units we may perform a quantitative impairment test every year.
to perform the quantitative impairment test, we compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. if the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. we generally estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of a discounted cash flow (dcf) analysis and market-based valuation methodologies such as comparable public company trading values and values observed in recent business acquisitions. determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, discount rates and relevant comparable public company earnings multiples and relevant transaction multiples. the cash flows employed in the dcf analysis are based on our best estimate of future sales, earnings and cash flows after considering factors such as general market conditions, u.s. government budgets, existing firm orders, expected future orders, contracts with suppliers, labor agreements, changes in working capital, long term business plans and recent operating performance. the discount rates utilized in the dcf analysis are based on the respective reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital, which takes into account the relative weights of each component of capital structure (equity and debt) and represents the expected cost of new capital, adjusted as appropriate to consider the risk inherent in future cash flows of the respective reporting unit. the carrying value of each reporting unit includes the assets and liabilities employed in its operations, goodwill and allocations of amounts held at the business segment and corporate levels.
in the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test for each of our reporting units. the results of that test indicated that for each of our reporting units no impairment existed, including sikorsky. based on this, the fair value table of contents of our sikorsky reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, which included goodwill of $2.7 billion, by a margin of approximately 40%. the fair value of both our sikorsky reporting unit and the indefinite-lived trademark intangible asset can be significantly impacted by its performance, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, contract terminations, changes in expected future orders, general market pressures, including u.s. government budgetary constraints, discount rates, long term growth rates, and changes in u.s. (federal or state) or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including those with retroactive effect, along with other significant judgments. based on our assessment of these circumstances, we have determined that goodwill at our sikorsky reporting unit and the indefinite-lived trademark intangible asset at our sikorsky reporting unit are at risk for impairment should there be a significant deterioration of projected cash flows of the reporting unit. we do not currently anticipate any material impairments on our assets as a result of covid-19 or inflation.
impairment assessments inherently involve management judgments regarding a number of assumptions such as those described above. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a reporting unit's fair value and the relative size of our recorded goodwill, differences in assumptions could have a material effect on the estimated fair value of one or more of our reporting units and could result in a goodwill impairment charge in a future period.
acquired intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized, but are subject to annual impairment testing or more frequently if events or change in circumstance indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. this testing compares carrying value to fair value and, when appropriate, the carrying value of these assets is reduced to fair value. in the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed our annual impairment test, and the results of that test indicated no impairment existed. intangibles are amortized to expense over their applicable useful lives, ranging from five to 20 years, based on the nature of the asset and the underlying pattern of economic benefit as reflected by future net cash inflows. we perform an impairment test of finite-lived intangibles whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may be impaired. if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of a finite-lived intangible may be impaired, the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset group would be compared to the asset group's carrying value. if the asset group's carrying amount exceed the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows, we would determine the fair value of the asset group and record an impairment loss in net earnings.