The company designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, accessories, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The company believes that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace and are directly related to timely development of new and enhanced products that are central to the company's core business strategy. The year-over-year growth in research and development expense was driven primarily by an increase in headcount and related expenses, including share-based compensation costs and machinery and equipment to support expanded research and development activities. The company anticipates utilizing approximately $13.0 billion for capital expenditures during 2015, including approximately $600 million for retail store facilities and approximately $12.4 billion for other capital expenditures, including product tooling and manufacturing process equipment, data centers, and corporate facilities and infrastructure, including information systems hardware, software, and enhancements. The company expects to make further investments in research and development to remain competitive. The growth in total net sales during 2014 was negatively impacted by the continuing decline of iPod sales. The company's capital expenditures were $11.0 billion during 2014, consisting of $491 million for retail store facilities and $10.5 billion for other capital expenditures, including product tooling and manufacturing process equipment and other corporate facilities and infrastructure. The company also completed various business acquisitions, including the acquisitions of Beats Music, LLC, which offers a subscription streaming music service, and Beats Electronics, LLC, which makes Beats headphones, speakers, and audio software. The company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collection is probable. The company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis, determining its reportable operating segments based on the nature and location of its customers. The company believes its existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations over the next 12 months. The company anticipates gross margin during the first quarter of 2015 to be between 37.5% and 38.5%. The company has entered, and may enter in the future, into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on the notes. The company expects to complete the capital return program by the end of December 2015 by paying dividends and dividend equivalents, repurchasing shares, and remitting withheld taxes related to net share settlement of restricted stock units. The company believes that adequate provisions have been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. The company has not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities whereby the company has financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose the company to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to the company. The company records accruals for estimated cancellation fees related to component orders that have been canceled or are expected to be canceled. The company also provides various non-software services to owners of qualifying versions of iOS devices and Mac. The company records reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on the company's historical experience.