We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between insurers and their customers, and we do not assume underwriting risks. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees, and supplemental and contingent commissions from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. We have generated positive organic growth in the last sixteen quarterly periods in both our brokerage and risk management segments. Our acquisition program and our integration efforts are meeting our expectations. Integration costs include costs related to onboarding employees, communication system conversion costs, related performance compensation, redundant workforce, extra lease space, duplicate services, and external costs incurred to assimilate the acquired businesses with our IT-related systems. The increase in operating expense in 2014 compared to 2013 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses, which indicate our ongoing investment in IT capabilities. We expect that our international revenue will continue to grow as a percentage of our total revenues in 2015 compared to 2014, given the number and size of the non-U.S. acquisitions that we completed in the latter part of 2013 and in 2014. Our retail brokerage operations negotiate and place property/casualty, employer-provided health and welfare insurance, and retirement solutions, principally for middle-market commercial, industrial, public entity, religious, and not-for-profit entities. Many of our retail brokerage customers choose to place their insurance with insurance underwriters, while others choose to use alternative vehicles such as self-insurance pools, risk retention groups, or captive insurance companies. Our wholesale brokerage operations assist our brokers and other unaffiliated brokers and agents in the placement of specialized, unique, and hard-to-place insurance programs. The full integration of the Bollinger operations into our existing operations was completed in the fourth quarter of 2014. The increase in depreciation expense in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily relates to the purchases of furniture, equipment, and leasehold improvements related to office expansions and moves, and expenditures related to upgrading computer systems. We have historically viewed organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our brokerage and risk management segments. Our technology investments are expected to enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic resource allocation. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive, and our capital requirements have primarily included funding of our investments, acquisitions of brokerage and risk management operations, and capital expenditures. We anticipate that we will continue to use cash flows from operations and, if needed, borrowings under the credit agreement and private placement debt to fund acquisitions. We expect the historically favorable trend in earnings before income taxes, adjusted for non-cash items, to continue in the foreseeable future because we intend to continue to expand our business through organic growth from existing operations and growth through acquisitions. Our technology-related systems are integral to our operational capabilities and are expected to facilitate our strategic management practices and enhance our competitive positioning in the market.