The following discussion highlights significant factors influencing the consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Allstate Corporation. Allstate is focused on enhancing agency capabilities while simplifying and automating service processes to enable agencies to focus more time in an advisory role and provide appropriate product offerings. Our strategy for the Allstate brand focuses on customers who prefer local personal advice and service and are brand-sensitive. We utilize specific customer value propositions for each brand to improve our competitive position and performance. Over time, delivering on these customer value propositions may include investments in resources and require significant changes to our products, service, capabilities, and processes. We continue to enhance technology to improve customer service, facilitate the introduction of new products and services, and reduce infrastructure costs related to supporting agencies and handling claims. Our strategy for the Esurance brand focuses on self-directed consumers, developing technology, website, and mobile capabilities to continuously improve the purchase and claims experience. Esurance continues to invest in geographic expansion of its products and has introduced programs that encourage safe driving behaviors. The Allstate financial segment's strategy focuses on expanding customer relationships and managing the run-off of in-force annuity products while emphasizing capital efficiency and shareholder returns. We are managing the investment portfolio supporting our immediate annuities to ensure the assets match the characteristics of the liabilities and provide the long-term returns needed. We continue to increase investments in which we have ownership interests and a greater proportion of return is derived from idiosyncratic operating or market performance, including limited partnerships, equities, and real estate. Our investment strategy emphasizes protection of principal and consistent income generation within a total return framework, ensuring financial strength and stability for paying claims while maximizing economic value and surplus growth. We expect to more actively manage the portfolio and are developing strategies focused on the intermediate 3 to 5-year investment horizon. We have a comprehensive portfolio monitoring process to identify and evaluate each fixed income and equity security whose carrying value may be other-than-temporarily impaired. Our investment decisions and objectives are a function of the underlying risks and product profiles of each business. We employ a strategic asset allocation approach which considers the nature of the liabilities and risk tolerances, as well as the risk and return parameters of the various asset classes in which we invest. Our enterprise risk and return management framework provides a comprehensive view of risks and opportunities and is used by senior leaders and business managers to provide risk and return insight and drive strategic and business decisions. We manage our exposure to interest rate risk by maintaining a shorter maturity profile in the property-liability portfolio, which will also result in the yield responding more quickly to changes in market interest rates. Our asset-liability management practices enable us to manage the differences between the cash flows generated by our investment portfolio and the expected cash flow requirements of our life insurance and annuity product obligations. We have distinct and separately capitalized groups of subsidiaries licensed to sell property and casualty insurance that maintain separate group ratings, and we continuously monitor the creditworthiness of reinsurers to determine our risk of recoverability.