Applied's strategic priorities for fiscal 2015 include growing its presence in wafer fab and display equipment and services, and improving profitability in solar, as well as expanding applied's overall available market. Mobility, including the increasing technological functionality of mobile devices, continued to be the largest driver of semiconductor industry spending in fiscal 2014. Applied expects the mobility trend to remain the main growth driver for the semiconductor industry, and in turn for the silicon systems group, in 2015. The growth in the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry is expected to be driven by foundry and memory spending. Applied's future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. Management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering (RD&E) to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in RD&E in order to continue to offer new products and technologies. Development cycles range from 12 to 36 months depending on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product or a new product. Most of Applied's existing products resulted from internal development activities and innovations involving new technologies, materials, and processes. In certain instances, Applied acquires technologies to complement its existing technology capabilities and to reduce time to market. Applied's RD&E investments were focused on products for overcoming the challenges of finFET and 3D NAND designs at sub-2x nanometer nodes and enabling cost-effective manufacturing of these high-performance 3D chips. Applied also developed new applications for its epitaxial technology to enable the industry's transition to NMOS transistors at the 20nm node, thereby enabling chip makers to build faster devices and deliver next-generation mobile computing power. Applied's investment portfolio consists principally of investment-grade money market mutual funds, U.S. treasury and agency securities, municipal bonds, corporate bonds, and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as equity securities. Applied regularly monitors the credit risk in its investment portfolio and takes appropriate measures to manage such risks prudently in accordance with its investment policies. Applied's cash, cash equivalents, and investments increased to $4.1 billion at October 26, 2014, from $2.9 billion at October 27, 2013. Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2014 was $1.8 billion, which reflects net income adjusted for the effect of non-cash charges and changes in working capital components. The increase in cash from operating activities from fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2014 was primarily due to higher business volume and improved working capital performance. Applied's working capital was $4.1 billion at October 26, 2014, and days sales outstanding decreased at the end of fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 primarily due to an increase in revenue and better linearity. Applied's broad range of equipment and service products are highly technical and are sold primarily through a direct sales force. Applied's results are driven primarily by worldwide demand for semiconductors, which in turn depends on end-user demand for electronic products. Each of Applied's businesses is subject to cyclical industry conditions, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies, solar PVS, and other electronic devices, as well as other factors, such as global economic and market conditions, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes.