The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Our continuing operations are reported in three segments: domestic rental and management, international rental and management, and network development services. We define segment operating profit as segment gross margin less selling, general, administrative and development expense attributable to the segment. We operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our primary business is the leasing of space on multi-tenant communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data and data providers, government agencies and municipalities and tenants in a number of other industries. We also hold property interests that we lease to communications service providers and third-party tower operators. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless communications services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital, and general economic conditions. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless communications services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate. Our legacy site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks, while also deploying next-generation wireless technologies. Our holistic master lease agreements build and augment strong strategic partnerships with our tenants and have significantly reduced collocation cycle times, thereby providing our tenants with the ability to rapidly and efficiently deploy equipment on our sites. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is dependent upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. The loan agreements for our credit facilities contain certain financial and operating covenants and other restrictions applicable to us and our subsidiaries that are not designated as unrestricted subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. These include limitations on additional debt, distributions and dividends, guaranties, sales of assets, and liens. We believe that the debt agreements discussed represent our material debt agreements that contain covenants, our compliance with which would be material to an investor's understanding of our financial results and the impact of those results on our liquidity. We expect that our 2015 total capital expenditures will be between approximately $800 million and $900 million, including capital improvements and corporate capital expenditures primarily attributable to information technology improvements. Our measurement of adjusted EBITDA, NAREIT FFO, and AFFO may not, however, be fully comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.