We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers and next-generation data centers for enterprises, based on market share. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation and visibility. The programmability of our extensible operating system, or EOS, has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration and network services. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features and build upon our technology leadership. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our rapid development of new features and applications. By investing in research and development, we believe we will be well positioned to continue our rapid growth and take advantage of our large market opportunity. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We plan to continue to invest in our network of channel partners to empower them to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers and provide services and support effectively. Our business and results of operations will be materially affected by our success in leveraging our channel partners. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing end customers. Our results of operations will depend on our ability to sell additional products to our growing base of customers. We believe that customer references have been, and will continue to be, an important factor in winning new business. Our ability to sustain our revenue growth will depend, in part, upon our continued sales of more robust configurations of our products, and quarterly results of operations can be significantly impacted by the mix of products and product configurations sold during the period. We have increased our investment in infrastructure, such as enterprise resource planning software and other technologies to improve the efficiency of our operations. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, with the remainder being prototype expenses, third-party engineering and contractor support costs, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs and depreciation. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features and build upon our technology leadership. Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and also include costs related to marketing and promotional activities, with the remainder being an allocated portion of facility and IT costs and depreciation. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide and expand our relationships with current and future channel partners and end customers.