The company encounters competition in its markets and competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control in the areas in which it competes. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one-to-three year period. The sales growth was driven by increases in nearly all of the served markets with contributions from both organic growth and the company's acquisition program. Sales to the information technology and data communications equipment market decreased due to declining networking product sales, partially offset by growth in storage and server products. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The company is also focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes, and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company believes that its ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths, providing significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company’s primary ongoing cash requirements will be for operating and capital expenditures, product development activities, repurchase of its common stock, funding of pension obligations, dividends, and debt service. The company regularly reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt, and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. The company’s debt financing includes the use of a commercial paper program, revolving credit facilities, and senior notes as part of its overall cash management strategy. The company’s operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations which govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and services through price increases, productivity improvements, and cost-saving programs. The company conducts business in many international currencies through its worldwide operations and is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies. The company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk through various strategies, including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold. The company’s expected long-term rate of return assumption for the U.S. plans at December 31, 2014, is based on an asset allocation assumption of 60% with equity managers and 40% with fixed income managers. The company regularly reviews the actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances investments to its targeted allocation when considered appropriate.