We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large OEMs. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our ability to manage inventory is critical as the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders can impact our operational flexibility. We believe our aggregate sales to Apple, Inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues for both fiscal years 2014 and 2013. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten direct or indirect customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including computer services costs related to supporting computer tools used in the engineering and design process. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop. Our selling, general and administrative expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for sales and marketing personnel, including share-based compensation expense, sales commissions paid to our independent sales representatives, and costs of advertising and corporate marketing. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense was primarily due to the LSI acquisition. We anticipate our amortization expense will be substantially higher in future periods, primarily as a result of significant increases in amortizable intangible assets from recent acquisitions. The restructuring charges incurred during fiscal year 2014 were due primarily to employee termination costs following the LSI acquisition. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges in future periods as a result of further integration and alignment of the completed LSI, PLX, and CyOptics acquisitions. Our cash flows from operations are dependent on a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, accounts receivable collections, inventory management, and timing of payments. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, and cash flows from operations, combined with current borrowing availability under our 2014 revolving credit facility, will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations, including the current portions of our long-term debt and interest due, annual cash contributions to fund assumed LSI pension and retirement plan obligations, projected working capital requirements, and capital expenditures. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance and are, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. The 2014 credit agreement includes financial covenants requiring us to maintain a maximum first lien leverage ratio. The borrowers have agreed to pay the lenders a commitment fee at a rate per annum that varies based on total leverage ratio. The 2014 credit agreement also includes customary restrictive covenants that limit our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens, merge or consolidate with other persons, make acquisitions and sell assets.