Our core mission is to protect life and truth through technologies that make communities safer. We are a market leader in the development and manufacture of advanced conducted electrical weapons designed for use by law enforcement, military, corrections, and private security personnel. To address challenges faced by law enforcement officers post-incident, we have developed a fully integrated hardware and software solution to provide our law enforcement customers the capabilities to capture, store, manage, share, and analyze video and other digital evidence. Technological innovation is the foundation for our long-term growth, and we intend to maintain our commitment to the research and development of our technology for both new and existing products that further our mission. Our key strategic initiatives include a focus on increasing bookings and brand awareness for evidence.com and axon cameras, and we expect to continue our concerted efforts to promote the awareness of the benefits of digital evidence management throughout the law enforcement community. We believe that the video evidence capture and management market will continue to grow significantly due to increasing recognition of the benefits and value of video evidence and other mobile technologies. We aim to work closely with our customers to develop new value-added features to our existing platform that are necessary to optimize their workflows, as well as develop adjacent technologies in wearables, cloud, and mobile devices. We have established a network of distribution channels for selling and marketing our products and services to law enforcement agencies, primarily in North America, with ongoing focus and effort placed on expanding these programs in international, military, and other markets. Our strategy is to create a dominant market position in domestic law enforcement and internationally over time. We experienced increasing volumes of trial programs in 2014 and believe these trial programs are the best way for our customers to see the powerful capabilities, benefits, and compelling value proposition of our technology. We anticipate further increases in these trial programs, ultimately leading to increased sales. The increase in net sales for the axon segment was driven by the continued adoption of the axon on-officer cameras and evidence.com application in the law enforcement markets. The increase in cost of products sold and services delivered was driven by growing sales in this segment, increased data storage costs as more agencies utilize evidence.com, as well as the introduction of a professional services team. The overall increase in margins was negatively impacted by higher inventory reserves taken towards the end of 2014 as compared to 2013 related primarily to the reserve for the x26 cew that was discontinued. Our strategy includes maintaining incremental sales channels by continuing to develop purchasing programs that position the company to own municipality budget lines and become the ongoing technology provider for our customers in order to drive sales growth. We intend to continue to place emphasis on supporting our military customers through our team of professionals with extensive military, homeland defense, and law enforcement experience. We have also decided to make focused investments in targeted countries as we see considerable opportunity for increased sales in those regions. We believe funds generated from our expected results of operations, as well as available cash and investments, will be sufficient to finance our operations and strategic initiatives for 2015 and the foreseeable future.