We achieved strong performance in fiscal 2014, delivering record net income of $1.070 billion, a 5.2% increase over the prior year, and sales growth of $327.8 million, a 3.6% increase over the prior year. Over the past several years, various factors have occurred within the economy that affects both our consumer and our industry, including continued high unemployment and other challenging economic conditions. Our primary response to fluctuations in the demand for the products we sell is to adjust our advertising message, store staffing, and product quantities and assortment. Specifically, during fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2014, we have closely studied our hub distribution model and store inventory levels and assortment. As a result, we are performing certain strategic tests including adding additional inventory into our hub stores, increasing product availability, and delivering to stores more frequently. We continue to believe we are well positioned to help our customers save money and meet their needs in a challenging macro environment. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to our new-store development program, enhancements to existing stores and supply chain infrastructure, and the acquisition of IMC. Our mix of store openings has moved away from build-to-suit leases to ground leases and land purchases, resulting in increased capital expenditures per store over the previous three years, and we expect this trend to continue during the fiscal year ending August 29, 2015. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. We believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. We have not experienced any fundamental shifts in our category sales mix as compared to previous years. We continue to build our internal sales force and refine our parts assortment. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. We believe our consumers' cash flows continue to be challenged due to these factors. We estimate vehicles are driven an average of approximately 12,500 miles each year. Our cash flows from operations are unfavorable to last year due to the change in inventories net of payables, partially offset by the growth in net income. Our primary capital requirement has been the funding of our continued new-store development program. We have opened 580 new stores from the beginning of fiscal 2012 to August 30, 2014. We invested $438.1 million in capital assets in fiscal 2014, compared to $414.5 million in fiscal 2013. We anticipate that we will be able to obtain financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. Our cash balances are held in various locations around the world. We expect to make contributions of approximately $2.6 million during fiscal 2015; however, a change to the expected cash funding may be impacted by a change in interest rates or a change in the actual or expected return on plan assets. We have recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $18.3 million during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 related to the goodwill of AutoAnything and a $4.1 million impairment charge to AutoAnything's trade name. We evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying values exceed the current fair values. We utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and actuarial methods, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims, and claims incurred but not yet reported.