We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement strategy to deliver the technologies necessary for integrated system and SOC design with an end product in mind. Our growing core EDA business is at the heart of our SDE strategy and is complemented by our business in IP, system interconnect and analysis, system level design, and hardware-software development. Our business serves customers driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, ICs, and devices that are smaller, use less power, and provide more functionality. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. We expect to continue to invest in research and development and customer and partner relationships. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses, and cash flow from operations. Our ability to achieve a consistent revenue mix such that approximately 90% of our revenue is recurring in nature may be impacted primarily by hardware sales. Our competitiveness in technology and contract renewals with existing customers, as well as additional sales to existing customers, are critical to our performance. We have established a history of collecting under contracts for which the fee has been assessed as fixed or determinable, without providing concessions on payments, products, or services. Our judgments about whether a group of contracts is a multiple-element arrangement can affect the timing of revenue recognition under those contracts, which could have an effect on our results of operations. We exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether the separate contracts should be accounted for individually or as part of a single arrangement. The allocation of the purchase price during business combinations requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. These estimates can include the cash flows that an acquired business is expected to generate in the future and the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our license agreements. The decrease in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2014 was primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from customers, working capital requirements, and payments under our recent restructuring plans. We expect that cash flows from operating activities will fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including our operating results, tax payments, and the timing of our billings, collections, and disbursements. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, and making long-term equity investments. Our investment portfolio could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including credit risk, interest rate risk, and general market risk. The proceeds from our 2024 notes are available for general corporate purposes, which may include the retirement of debt, working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and strategic transactions. Our restructuring plans may not achieve the anticipated benefits on the timetable or at the level contemplated, and demand for our products and services, and ultimately our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty.