We are a cable operator providing services in the United States with approximately 6.2 million residential and commercial customers. Our business plans include goals for increasing customers and revenue. To reach our goals, we have actively invested in our network and operations, and have improved the quality and value of the products and packages that we offer. We have enhanced our video product by moving to an all-digital platform, offering more HD channels and increasing digital and HD-DVR penetration. We simplified our offers and pricing and improved our packaging of products to bring more value to new and existing customers. As part of our effort to create more value for customers, we have focused on driving penetration of our triple play offering, which includes more than 200 HD channels in most of our markets, video on demand, internet service, and fully-featured voice service. We expect that our enhanced product set combined with improved customer service will lead to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes, allowing us to grow our customer base and revenue more quickly and economically. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements. Capital expenditures were $2.2 billion, $1.8 billion and $1.7 billion for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The increase was driven by approximately $410 million related to our all-digital transition, investment in customer premise equipment to support customer growth, higher product development investments, and ongoing insourcing initiatives. We anticipate 2015 capital expenditures to be driven by growth in residential and commercial customers along with further spend related to product development. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We have a history of net losses. Our net losses are principally attributable to insufficient revenue to cover the combination of operating expenses, interest expenses that we incur because of our debt, depreciation expenses resulting from the capital investments we have made and continue to make in our cable properties, amortization expenses related to our customer relationship intangibles and non-cash taxes resulting from increases in our deferred tax liabilities. We utilize the cost approach as the primary method used to establish fair value for our property, plant and equipment in connection with business combinations. The cost approach relies on management's assumptions regarding current material and labor costs required to rebuild and repurchase significant components of our property, plant and equipment along with assumptions regarding the age and estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment. We expect programming expenses to continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new sports services. We have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers nor do we expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and access to the capital markets to fund our projected operating cash needs. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our anticipated future free cash flow including to reduce our leverage, and to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends.