Cigna Corporation's strategy is to "go deep", "go global" and "go individual" with a differentiated set of medical, dental, disability, life and accident insurance and related products and services. The company regularly evaluates ways to deliver its products and services more efficiently and at a lower cost, which reflects an ongoing focus on organizational efficiency. The health care industry developments, including health care reform and implementing regulations, have resulted in broad changes that are meaningfully impacting the industry, including relationships with customers and health care providers, the design of products and services, and pricing and delivery systems. The company utilizes technology and service platforms through agreements such as the pharmacy benefit management services agreement, which has produced a positive contribution to earnings through improved clinical management, purchasing, and administrative efficiencies. Cigna's operational flexibility is supported by its capability to tailor data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, in response to changing business needs and directions. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company’s investment choices are guided by the need to support growth and maintain or improve the financial strength ratings of subsidiaries, as well as to consider acquisitions that are strategically and economically advantageous. Cigna's capital management strategy includes retaining a significant portion of the earnings from its foreign operations, which supports the liquidity and capital needs of its international business. The company’s liquidity requirements at both the subsidiary and parent company levels include operating expenses primarily for employee compensation and benefits, information technology, and real estate. The management of investment portfolios is aimed at generating cash flows needed to satisfy contractual obligations, and any shortfall from expected investment yields could result in increases to recorded reserves and adversely impact results of operations. The company has also entered into interest rate swap contracts to convert a portion of its interest rate exposure from fixed rates to variable rates, aligning interest expense with interest income received on cash equivalents and short-term investment balances. Cigna's operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation are critical in navigating the competitive landscape, particularly in light of regulatory changes and market dynamics. The firm’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources, combined with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities, underscores the importance of IT capability in transforming the firm into a competitive force.