As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our reportable operating segments consist of the engine, distribution, components, and power generation, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. The distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets, and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various OEMs throughout the world. We have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, which enhances our operational capabilities and market positioning. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards in the countries we serve. The improved gross margin was the result of higher volumes, improved distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned North American distributors since December 31, 2012, lower material and commodity costs, and favorable mix, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong, enabling us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. Our solid balance sheet facilitates the mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities. We continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions, with approximately 50 percent of our capital expenditures expected to be invested outside of the U.S. in 2015. Our research activities focus on the development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world and improvements in fuel economy performance. The increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher compensation and related expenses, significantly impacted by the acquisition of our partially-owned North American distributors. We believe our liquidity provides us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, capital expenditures, dividend payments, and acquisitions of our North American distributors. We expect the new ISG engine, which began production in the second quarter of 2014 with our Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. joint venture, to continue to gain market share in China in its first full year of production. Our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook, reflecting a balance of risk and return that aligns with our organizational goals. The geographic location of our cash and marketable securities aligns well with our business growth strategy, and we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business.