Our use of the term "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" refers to drugs used to treat complex diseases, such as cancer, diabetes, and multiple sclerosis. We have outsourced to IBM Global Services ("IBM") a significant portion of our corporate and ABDC information technology activities. The remaining commitment under our arrangement, as amended in May 2014, which expires in June 2018, is approximately $74.1 million as of September 30, 2014, of which $37.1 million represents our commitment in fiscal 2015. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2014 included infrastructure and technology-related costs to on-board the incremental Walgreens distribution volume, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and other technology initiatives, including costs related to the further development of our enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system. In fiscal 2012, we introduced a number of initiatives, some of which were made possible as a result of efficiencies gained through our ERP implementation, to improve our operating efficiency across many of our businesses and certain administrative functions. Our capital expenditures in fiscal 2014 included investments made in our ABDC and ABCS facilities, as well as technology initiatives. We currently expect to spend approximately $300 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2015, with several of the larger 2015 capital expenditures including increasing distribution center capacity and automation improvements, the implementation of track-and-trace authentication technology, and information system investments to support increased order volume and future growth. Our operating results have generated cash flow, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, has provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, the payment of interest on outstanding debt, dividends, and repurchases of shares of our common stock. We have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during the December and March quarters that, depending on our cash balance, can require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based on fluctuations in our period end working capital. The increase in accounts receivable was the result of increased volume associated with our largest pharmacy benefit management ("PBM") customer contract, which became effective October 1, 2012, and Walgreens contract, which became effective September 1, 2013. The increased sales were offset in part by the loss of a food and drug retail group purchasing organization ("GPO") customer, which resulted in a decrease in revenue. We recorded a LIFO charge that is affected by changes in inventory quantities, product mix, and manufacturer pricing practices, which may be impacted by market and other external influences. We believe the terms "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" are used consistently by industry participants and our competitors. Our expected growth rate is driven in part by a full year of generic drug distribution to Walgreens, which was phased in during fiscal 2014. Our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors such as industry growth trends, including the introduction of new innovative brand therapies, the likely increase in the number of generic drugs that will be available over the next few years as a result of the expiration of certain drug patents held by brand-name pharmaceutical manufacturers, general economic conditions in the United States, competition within the industry, customer consolidation, changes in pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing and distribution policies and practices, increased downward pressure on government and other third party reimbursement rates to our customers, and changes in federal government rules and regulations.