Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses as a percentage of net sales increased seven basis points, primarily due to continued investment in modernizing our information systems. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. We believe that our investments in merchandise pricing can include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases. Our financial performance also depends heavily on our ability to control costs, and we have achieved successes in this area historically. We believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. Our primary requirement for capital is the financing of land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses, and to a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations and the modernization of our information systems. We expect to spend approximately $2,500 to $2,700 during fiscal 2015 on capital expenditures, which are expected to be financed with cash to be provided from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. Additionally, we operate our gasoline business only in the U.S., Canada, Australia, and the U.K. We account for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, whereby revenue is recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our investments are reviewed quarterly for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment, which requires significant judgment. We employ a methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence. We also consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business outlook for the issuer, including industry and sector performance, operational and financing cash flow factors, and rating agency actions. We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis or when events or changes in circumstances occur that may indicate the carrying amount of the asset group may not be fully recoverable. Our judgments are based on existing market and operational conditions. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements and have no current plans to repatriate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held by non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries. We have not provided for U.S. deferred taxes on cumulative undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries as we deem such earnings to be indefinitely reinvested. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices, which reinforces member loyalty and provides continuing fee revenue. We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes in competition and economic health, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix. Our membership format is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our profitability, influencing our ability to control costs and achieve sales growth.