We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. The increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2014 increased primarily from growth in North America, driven primarily by the acquisition of salvage parent, inc., increased expenditures on technology development, and the overall growth in labor costs, professional services and facilities costs associated with domestic and international expansion. Included in fiscal 2014 was $7.5 million in lease termination, severance and relocation costs associated with the integration of the salvage parent, inc. acquisition and the relocation of our technology department from California to our Dallas, Texas corporate headquarters. The growth in North America was driven primarily by increased volume as revenue per car remained relatively flat. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. The increase in yard operations expense for fiscal 2014 was driven by growth in North America, increased volume from what we believe to be an increase in the overall size of the salvage market due to increased salvage frequency, and increases in volume from non-insurance suppliers. We recognize and measure identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquired entities in accordance with ASC 805, business combinations. The accounting for acquisitions involves significant judgments and estimates, including the fair value of acquired intangible assets, which involve projections of future revenues, cash flows and terminal value. We capitalize system development costs and website development costs related to our enterprise computing services during the application development stage. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Internal-use software is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life, generally three years. Management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. During fiscal 2014, we terminated a contract with KPIT (formerly known as Sparta Consulting, Inc.), whereby KPIT was engaged to design and implement an SAP-based replacement for our existing business operating software that would address our international expansion needs. Following a review of KPIT's work performed to date, and an assessment of the cost to complete, deployment risk, and other factors, we ceased development of KPIT's software and are now pursuing an internally developed proprietary solution in its place. As a result, we recognized a charge of $29.1 million resulting primarily from the impairment of costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of the software. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. We have no material non-cancelable commitments for future capital expenditures as of July 31, 2014.