The growth of our existing direct banking products remains a priority as we continue to enhance our offerings to customers. We anticipate that investments in marketing and the fourth quarter 2014 changes we made to simplify and ease reward redemption will contribute to new card account growth and wallet share gains with existing customers. We are also targeting solid growth in our private student and personal loan portfolios, and are evaluating our home loans strategy. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables and the issuance of unsecured debt. The anticipated net interest margin compression is due to expected higher funding costs and modest yield declines from growth in promotional balances, run-off of higher priced balances and higher interest charge-offs. We continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies. We expect lower returns in our payment services segment in 2015 due to competitive challenges, the loss of network relationships and increased expenses. We continue to leverage our network to support our card-issuing business. The evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors including supervisory priorities and actions, the actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants and the behavior of consumers. Compliance expenditures have increased significantly for Discover and other financial services firms, and we expect them to continue to increase as regulators remain focused on controls and operational processes. We may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers or other industry participants. The additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations. We have been working with our European Diners Club licensees with regard to their ability to maintain financing sufficient to support business operations. We may provide additional support in the future, including loans, facilitating transfer of ownership, or acquiring assets or licenses, which may cause us to incur losses. The licensees that we currently consider to be of concern accounted for approximately 4% of Diners Club revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014. We are subject to the federal reserve's final rule implementing certain enhanced prudential standards under the Dodd-Frank Act for large U.S. bank holding companies, including enhanced liquidity and risk management requirements. We seek to maintain diversified funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations. Our primary funding sources include deposits, sourced directly from consumers or through brokers, term asset-backed securitizations, private asset-backed securitizations and short- and long-term borrowings. We assess funding uses and liquidity needs under both the normal course of business and hypothetical adverse environments, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans, and contingency uses of funding, such as the need to post additional collateral for derivatives positions. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. We developed liquidity early warning indicators to detect initial phases of liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. We expect to be able to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations during the next 12 months by utilizing the funding sources that are currently available to us.