During fiscal 2014, we have used our liquidity and balance sheet flexibility to provide the capital to increase our investments in housing and land inventory, expand our product offerings, geographically expand our operations and opportunistically pursue business acquisitions. Our operating strategy is focused on leveraging our strong financial and competitive position to generate strong profitability, improve cash flows and increase our returns on our inventory investments. We are focused on operating each of our communities to optimize the returns on our inventory investments by effectively managing our product offerings, home prices, incentives, sales pace, profit margins and inventory levels. We believe that housing demand in our individual operating markets is tied closely to each market's economy; therefore, we expect that housing market conditions will vary across our markets. Our operating strategy includes modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand, align with finished lot supply and construction activity and optimize returns on inventory investments and cash flows. We manage our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand, monitoring the number and aging of unsold homes and aggressively marketing unsold, completed homes in inventory. We routinely enter into land/lot option contracts to purchase land or finished lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. Our operating strategy has produced positive results in recent years and in fiscal 2014. However, we cannot provide any assurances that the initiatives listed above will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust components of our strategy to meet future market conditions. We expect that our operating strategy will allow us to increase our profitability while maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity position in fiscal 2015. Our business is well-positioned to continue to grow profitably due to our broad geographic operating base and product offerings, our increased inventory position of finished lots, land and homes and our strong balance sheet and liquidity. The increases in sales order value in those regions were primarily due to increases in volume as we have expanded our operations and increased our market share in many of our markets over the past year. We believe our business is well positioned for the future; however, our future sales volumes will depend on the economic strength of each of our operating markets and our ability to successfully implement our operating strategies in each market. We have significantly increased our investments in land and lot acquisition and land development across all of our market regions in fiscal 2012 and 2013 to expand our operations as market conditions improved. In 2014, we slowed the growth of our land and lot inventories and increased our housing inventories to capture an increased share of new home demand and generate higher returns on our land investments. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand, monitoring the number and aging of unsold homes and aggressively marketing our unsold, completed homes in inventory. We believe that the ratio of net homebuilding debt to total capital is useful in understanding the leverage employed in our homebuilding operations and comparing our capital structure with other homebuilders. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund future growth in our business, repay our future debt obligations, and support our other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital.