Costs and expenses included higher information technology spending driven by mymagic+ and higher marketing costs due to the fall launch of abc programming and more theatrical titles in release. The increase in operating labor was primarily due to inflation, new guest offerings, including mymagic+, and higher volumes, partially offset by lower pension and postretirement medical costs. The increase in infrastructure costs was due to the roll out of mymagic+. The company believes that information about aggregate segment operating income assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from factors other than business operations that affect net income. The company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, and management uses aggregate segment operating income as a measure of the overall performance of the operating businesses. The increase in operating cash receipts from increased revenues across all of our segments was partially offset by higher cash payments due to new contractual payment terms for sports rights payments at media networks, higher programming and production spending at media networks and studio entertainment, and higher payments at parks and resorts. The increase in cash payments at parks and resorts was due to labor cost inflation and increased spending on new guest offerings. The company recorded charges of $140 million and $214 million of restructuring and impairment charges in fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily due to severance costs across various of our segments and radio fcc license impairments, which were determined in connection with the plan to sell radio disney stations. These charges were largely driven by organizational and cost structure initiatives across various of our businesses. The company recorded a $100 million loss related to cable networks in fiscal 2014 resulting from the foreign currency translation of net monetary assets denominated in venezuelan currency. The increase in depreciation and amortization was primarily due to new guest offerings at walt disney world resort and disney california adventure, costs associated with the refurbishment of the disney magic, and a full year of depreciation for the disney fantasy. The increase in technology development costs was driven by higher labor costs and higher technology development costs. The company currently expects its fiscal 2015 capital expenditures will be approximately $1.5 billion higher than fiscal 2014 capital expenditures driven by increased investment at shanghai disney resort. The company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. The company is contractually committed to acquire broadcast programming and make certain minimum lease payments for the use of property under operating lease agreements. The company has recognized a $198 million liability for the fair value of contingent consideration related to the acquisition of maker studios, inc. The company is evaluating its options with respect to regulations that could require the company to divest a portion of its interest in seven tv by January 2016. The company believes that its financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. The company’s bank facilities contain only one financial covenant, relating to interest coverage, which the company met on September 27, 2014, by a significant margin. The company’s bank facilities also specifically exclude certain entities from any representations, covenants, or events of default.