We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity, and changing laws and regulations. Our operating results depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business, and may have a material impact on our results of operations. Our future results of operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy. We believe our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research, and data-driven processes, as well as our overall investments for health care reform, have positioned us to benefit from the potential growth opportunities available in fully-insured commercial products as a result of health care reform. We continue to pursue contracting and plan design changes, promote and implement performance-based contracts that reward clinical outcomes and quality, and expand our disease management and advanced care management programs. We are taking a leadership role in the area of payment reform as evidenced by our enhanced personal health care program. By establishing the primary care doctor as central to the coordination of a patient's health care needs, the initiative builds on the success of current patient-centered medical home programs in helping to improve patient care while lowering costs. We are also subject to regulations that may result in assessments under state insurance guarantee association laws. The national organization of life & health insurance guaranty associations provides a safety net for their state's policyholders, ensuring that they continue to receive coverage, subject to state maximum limits, even if their insurer is declared insolvent. We are aware that the Pennsylvania insurance commissioner has placed Penn Treaty Network America Insurance Company and its subsidiary American Network Insurance Company in rehabilitation, an intermediate action before insolvency. The state court denied the insurance commissioner's petition for the liquidation of Penn Treaty and ordered the insurance commissioner to file an updated plan of rehabilitation. We will continue to monitor the situation and may record a liability and expense in future reporting periods, which could be material to our cash flows and results of operations. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments, and funds available under our senior credit facility or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements, while preserving our asset base. We manage the market risks through our investment policy, which establishes credit quality limits and limits on investments in individual issuers. We believe we have adequately reviewed our investment securities for impairment and that our investment securities are carried at fair value. However, over time, the economic and market environment may provide additional insight regarding the fair value of certain securities, which could change our judgment regarding impairment. We have a committee of accounting and investment associates and management that is responsible for managing the impairment review process.