The information from the 2014 annual report set forth in exhibit 13 hereto under "results of operations," "business segments," "financial position, capital resources and liquidity," "critical accounting policies," "other items" and "safe harbor statement" is hereby incorporated by reference. Management believes that the following non-GAAP financial measures provide investors and analysts useful insight into Emerson's financial position and operating performance. Management closely monitors operating profit and operating profit margin of each business to evaluate past performance and actions required to improve profitability. Management believes that free cash flow is useful to both management and investors as a measure of the company's ability to generate cash. The determination of operating cash flow adds back noncash depreciation expense to earnings and thereby does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. Management believes that presenting earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity and return on total capital excluding certain gains and losses, impairments or other items is more representative of the company's operational performance and may be more useful for investors. These measures are indicative of short-term operational performance and ongoing profitability. The calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the calculation of similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies and therefore may not be comparable among companies. Non-GAAP financial measures may exclude the impact of certain items such as acquisitions, divestitures, gains, losses and impairments, or items outside of management's control, such as foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Underlying sales, which exclude the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates during the periods presented, are provided to facilitate relevant period-to-period comparisons of sales growth by excluding those items that impact overall comparability. Ebit and total segment ebit are commonly used financial measures that exclude the impact of financing on the capital structure and income taxes. All these measures are utilized by management to evaluate performance. Free cash flow is an indicator of the company's cash generating capabilities after considering investments in capital assets which are necessary to maintain and enhance existing operations. Management periodically uses certain non-GAAP financial measures to clarify and enhance understanding of past performance and prospects for the future. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. The ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial for adapting to changing business needs and directions. IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.