Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Global enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix's leading insight and data centers in 33 markets around the world for the safekeeping of their critical IT equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today's information-driven economy. Our data centers in 33 markets around the world are a global platform, which allows our customers to increase information and application delivery performance while significantly reducing costs. This global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective colocation, interconnection, and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. This global platform, combined with our strong financial position, continues to drive new customer growth and bookings. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets, and to the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings, which we consider recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment related to the prepayment and termination of the U.S. term loan and U.S. revolving credit line. We expect to incur higher interest expense as we recognize the full impact of our $1.25 billion senior notes and $1.5 billion senior credit facility offerings. We have been investing in our Americas general and administrative functions to scale this region effectively for growth, which has included additional investments into improving our back office systems. Our management believes that the inclusion of non-GAAP financial measures provides consistency and comparability with past reports and provides a better understanding of the overall performance of the business and its ability to perform in subsequent periods. We expect our current efforts to improve our back office systems will continue over the next several years. Our adjusted EBITDA results have improved each year and in each region in total dollars due to the improved operating results discussed earlier, as well as the nature of our business model consisting of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature. We expect that our Americas revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in the recently opened IBX data centers and additional IBX data center expansions currently taking place. We expect to incur approximately $10.0 million annually in compliance costs beginning in 2015. Our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to customer bookings, customer churn, or changes or amendments to customers' contracts. We expect our collections to improve over time. The ongoing changes to the billing system may result in further delays in our billing and collections. We expect to continue to generate cash from our operating activities during 2015.