The following discussion contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs, and expected performance. Our activities are primarily directed at the clearfork, spraberry, wolfcamp, cline, strawn and atoka formations which we refer to as the wolfberry play. We intend to grow our reserves and production through development drilling, exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and through acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives, targeting oil-weighted reserves. We expect a 2015 total capital spend of $400.0 million to $450.0 million, consisting of $285.0 million to $315.0 million for horizontal drilling and completions, $20.0 million to $30.0 million for infrastructure and $20.0 million to $30.0 million for non-operated activity and other expenditures. The amount and timing of these capital expenditures is largely discretionary and within our control. We could choose to defer a portion of these planned capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and natural gas, the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure and capital, the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals, seasonal conditions, drilling and acquisition costs and the level of participation by other interest owners. Our primary sources of liquidity have been proceeds from our public equity offerings, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes and cash flows from operations. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. The industry has recently observed a decline in oil prices from over $105.00 per bbl in June 2014 to below $50.00 per bbl in February 2015, combined with increasing service costs. While we entered 2015 running five horizontal rigs and one vertical rig, we intend to release two horizontal rigs and the one vertical rig in February 2015 and continue with three horizontal rigs, two of which will operate in Spanish Trail. Our decision to reduce our rig count, rather than increase it as previously contemplated, is based on our goal of maximizing return on capital and minimizing debt until we can get a more attractive return on our assets. We monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to success or lack of success in drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, drilling and acquisition costs, industry conditions, the timing of regulatory approvals, the availability of rigs, contractual obligations, internally generated cash flow and other factors both within and outside our control. If we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and or equity securities or other means. We cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our drilling programs, which could result in a loss of acreage through lease expirations. In addition, we may not be able to complete acquisitions that may be favorable to us or finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves. Our revenues are derived from the sale of oil and natural gas production, as well as the sale of natural gas liquids that are extracted from our natural gas during processing. Our oil and natural gas revenues do not include the effects of derivatives. The increases in production volumes were due to a combination of increased drilling activity and growth through acquisitions. Upon becoming the operator of wells acquired in our acquisitions, we seek to achieve the efficiencies in those wells that we have established with our existing portfolio of wells.