The concept of growth is simple, find more customers every day and increase your activity with them. However, execution is hard work. We believe our ability to grow is amplified if we can service our customers at the closest economic point of contact. This allows us to provide a range of services and product availability that our competitors can't easily match. We have constantly evolved to better serve the market and have always been willing to challenge our approach. Our high frequency distribution center, internally known as t-hub, is now operational to support vending and other high frequency selling activities. We believe industrial vending will be an important chapter in the fastenal story; we also believe it has the potential to be transformative to industrial distribution, and that we have a 'first mover' advantage. Our expanded industrial vending portfolio consists of 19 different vending devices, with the fast 5000 device representing approximately 40% of the installed machines. We have made significant investments into distribution automation over the last several years, with a majority of our facilities now automated, and greater than 80% of our picking occurring at an automated distribution center. The theme that shines through in all these changes is a simple one - invest into and support our sales machine - the local store. We strive to generate strong profits; these profits produce the cash flow necessary to fund our growth and to support the needs of our customers. Our growth in net sales was impacted by price changes in our products, but the impact was limited. The growth in net sales was not meaningfully impacted by the introduction of new products or services, but was helped by initiatives such as fast solutions® (industrial vending). The increase in net sales in both 2014 and 2013 came primarily from higher unit sales. Our growth in net sales was not meaningfully impacted by the introduction of new products or services, with one exception. Over the last several years, our fast solutions® initiative has stimulated faster growth with a subset of our customers. We operate in a decentralized fashion to help identify the greatest value for our customers. Our motto is growth through customer service®. We believe in efficient markets - to us, this means we can grow our market share if we provide the greatest value to our customers. Our growth drivers include the expansion of our product lines beyond primarily fasteners, and we added new product knowledge to our bench. We have expanded our store-based inventory offering around select industries with an emphasis on fasteners, construction products, and safety products. Our business model has evolved to serve these markets profitably, and we continue to challenge our approach. The operational working capital utilized in our business and the related cash flow are critical to our performance. We believe our growth is enhanced by great people located in close proximity to our customers. We have continued to diversify our growth drivers to provide existing store personnel with more tools to grow their business organically. Our investments in technology and automation are aimed at improving efficiency, accuracy, and capacity in our distribution centers. We have learned much about our industrial vending devices over the last several years and currently have target monthly revenue ranging from under $1,000 to in excess of $3,000 per device. The distinction is important; we achieve improvements in our relative profitability by improving our gross profit, by structurally lowering our operating expenses, or both. We have made significant investments into our distribution infrastructure over the last several years, primarily related to automation, which supports our operational efficiency and enhances our capability to meet customer demands effectively.