Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the U.S. The preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. We base these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we consider reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. The determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the ultimate geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades, and recovery rates. Our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. We perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. If it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective depreciation rates. As discussed below and in note 1, we review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, and changes to our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves could have an impact on our assessment of asset recoverability. The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. Because all reserve estimates are subjective, the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered, production and operating costs, the amount and timing of future development expenditures, and future oil and natural gas sales prices may all differ from those assumed in our estimates. Our oil and gas business has significant proved, probable, and possible reserves, a broad range of development opportunities, and high-potential exploration prospects. The business is managed to reinvest its cash flows in projects with attractive rates of returns and risk profiles. Following the recent sharp decline in oil prices, we have taken steps to significantly reduce capital spending plans and near-term oil and gas growth initiatives in order to preserve cash flows and resources for anticipated improved market conditions in the future. We are also evaluating third-party participation in our oil and gas projects to provide additional funding. Our portfolio of oil and gas assets includes significant oil production facilities and growth potential in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, established oil production facilities onshore and offshore California, large onshore natural gas resources in the Haynesville shale play in Louisiana, and natural gas production from the Madden area in central Wyoming. We have identified multiple additional development opportunities in the Green Canyon area that could be tied back to the Holstein facility. Our capital allocation strategy is principally focused on drilling and development opportunities that can be tied back to existing facilities. We are committed to achieving our objective of funding oil and gas capital expenditures with oil and gas cash flows, third-party joint venture transactions, or asset sales. We are taking aggressive actions to reduce or defer capital expenditures and other costs and have initiated efforts to obtain third-party funding for a significant portion of our oil and gas capital expenditures to maintain financial strength and flexibility in response to recent sharp declines in oil prices.