Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes a business overview that provides a high-level summary of our operating results and bookings trends that affect our business. We generate significant free cash flow used to enhance shareholder value through investments in long-term growth initiatives; acquisitions of relevant technologies and products that strengthen our portfolio and competitive position. We continued to invest in our growth initiatives that expand our addressable markets. We introduced a full suite of applications for the FICO® analytic cloud, expanding product offerings in our applications and tools segments to accommodate small-to-midsize companies that benefit from the affordability and simplicity of cloud-based solutions. We have more than 30 million consumers with access to their free score through the FICO® score open access program and expect this to grow to more than 60 million in early 2015. We continued to make acquisitions that deliver solutions to the financial services industry and adjacent vertical industries; our recent acquisitions of Infocentricity and Karmasphere are expected to benefit customers of all sizes and across all industries by leveraging cloud-based analytics modeling technology along with the big data analytics for Hadoop technology capabilities. We evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. Our research and development expenses increased due to our continued investment in the areas of cloud computing and SaaS. The increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily attributable to an increase in incentive cost, as well as an increase in salaries and benefits cost as a result of our increased headcount. The increase in outside services cost was primarily attributable to an increase in our billable consulting projects utilizing temporary resources. The increase in allocated facilities cost was primarily attributable to leased office space assumed from our acquisitions. We have not experienced significant variances between our estimates and actual reported volumes in the past and anticipate that we will be able to continue to make reasonable estimates in the future. Our revenue types are transactional and maintenance, professional services, and license. We calculate transactional bookings as the total estimated volume of transactions or number of accounts under contract, multiplied by the contractual rate. The increase in operating income was primarily attributable to an increase in segment revenues and a decrease in amortization expense. The estimated fair value of each of our reporting units substantially exceeded its respective carrying value in fiscal 2014, indicating the underlying goodwill of each reporting unit was not impaired. We periodically review the estimated remaining useful lives of our acquired intangible assets. A reduction in our estimate of remaining useful lives could result in increased annual amortization expense in future periods. The determination of the value of these components of a business combination, as well as associated asset useful lives, requires management to make various estimates and assumptions. We assess potential impairments of our intangible assets when there is evidence that events and circumstances related to our financial performance and economic environment indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. We believe the assumptions and estimates utilized were appropriate based on the information available to management. The timing and recognition of impairment losses may be highly dependent upon our estimates and assumptions.