The information systems and technology group's revenues in 2014 were lower than 2013, though higher than initial expectations, with a decrease from the prior year consisting of revenues decreased nearly 25 percent in the mobile communication systems business primarily as a result of lower U.S. Army spending on certain programs. Revenues decreased in 2014 in the IT services business due to lower volume on several programs, including our commercial wireless work. Despite the revenue decline, the group's operating margins increased 90 basis points in 2014, the result of solid operating performance and ongoing cost-reduction efforts across all lines of business. As part of these efforts, we consolidated two businesses in the group effective in January of 2015 in an effort to be more efficient and responsive to our customers. The decrease in operating costs and expenses in 2014 was due to improved performance in aircraft manufacturing and outfitting activities in the aerospace group and significant cost reductions in the information systems and technology group. The information systems and technology group's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and is reconstituted each year with new programs and task order awards. The group's total backlog was $8.6 billion at the end of 2014, up slightly from $8.5 billion at year-end 2013. This amount does not include $16.1 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts and unexercised options. In 2014, funding under these contracts contributed nearly $4 billion to the group's orders. We continue to pursue opportunities outside the U.S. presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations and through exports from our North American businesses. While the revenue potential can be significant, these opportunities are subject to changing budget priorities and overall spending pressures unique to each country. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, and our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment. The information systems and technology group's revenues increased in 2013 compared with 2012 as higher volume in the mobile communication systems and IT services businesses was partially offset by decreased revenues in the ISR business. Revenues increased in 2013 in the mobile communication systems business due to higher volume on programs that received production awards in late 2012 or 2013. The group's operating margins increased significantly in 2013 despite the reduced revenues due to strong operating performance across our U.S. businesses and the favorable impact of cost savings associated with restructuring activities. The decrease in operating costs was primarily due to lower volume and performance challenges in the group's U.K. business. The information systems and technology group's performance has been impacted by the broader market dynamics, including reduced U.S. Army spending and the need for ongoing innovation and adaptation to meet evolving customer requirements. The emphasis on effective program execution and cost-reduction activities across the business has been critical in navigating the current business environment.