Management uses adjusted free cash flow to review the liquidity of our automotive operations, which provides additional transparency of our core operations and allows management to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons, and benchmark performance between periods and among geographic regions. Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve 9% to 10% margins on an EBIT-adjusted basis by early next decade, including delivering core operating efficiencies by institutionalizing operational excellence. We continue to implement various strategic actions to strengthen our operations and increase our competitiveness, which include investments in our product portfolio and reducing material, development, and production costs. The success of these actions will depend on a combination of our ability to execute and external factors outside of our control. We are addressing many challenges in our operations and continue to strategically assess the manner in which we operate in certain countries. Our restructuring activities include efforts to rationalize our manufacturing footprint, which are subject to significant uncertainty and highly dependent on the finalization of our strategic assessments. We expect to continue improving our core operations through product launches and material and logistics optimization. Our ability to maintain quality control over our vehicles and avoid material vehicle recalls is critical, as is our ability to realize production efficiencies and achieve reductions in costs as a result of our restructuring initiatives. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings, and help support our sales throughout economic cycles. Our financial targets include expected EBIT-adjusted margins improving in all automotive segments, driven by product launches, disciplined pricing, and a focus on fixed costs. We continue to assess additional strategic actions across regions as a result of significant volume pricing and foreign exchange pressures, which may result in additional restructuring or rationalization actions. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including macroeconomic conditions that could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans. We maintain access to the capital markets, which may provide an additional source of liquidity. Our future uses of cash are centered around reinvesting in our business, continuing to strengthen our balance sheet, and returning cash to stockholders. We are also actively engaging customers and servicing vehicles affected by recalls, which involves enhancing our investigative and consumer-facing processes and standards to facilitate rapid and efficient sharing of information across regional teams and markets to aid decision-making. The ignition switch recall has led to various governmental investigations and inquiries, and we have initiated a comprehensive review and engineering analysis to identify any additional issues that could potentially result in safety or satisfaction concerns for our customers. We are focused on bolstering capacity and capability in identifying potential emerging issues and conducting product investigations, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.