The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since our inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. Our users are increasingly using multiple devices to access our products and services, and our advertising revenues are increasingly coming from mobile phones and other new formats. Mobile computing power continues to grow and users want to feel connected no matter where they are or what they are doing. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus, such as search and advertising, as well as in new products and services. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Their energy and talent drive Google and create our success. As we continue to look for new ways to serve our users, we will invest heavily in R&D. We derive other revenues primarily from sales of digital content products, hardware sales, and licensing. The margins on these non-advertising businesses vary significantly and may be lower than the margins on our advertising business. The increase in data center costs, content acquisition costs as a result of increased usage activities related to YouTube and digital content by our users, and revenue share payments to mobile carriers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) have driven increases in our cost of revenues. Our traffic acquisition costs may also be impacted because the rates at which we share mobile revenues with our partners may not be as favorable to us as those with our traditional desktop and tablet formats. The increase in the number of paid clicks generated through our advertising programs was due to certain monetization improvements including new and richer ad formats, an increase in aggregate traffic across all platforms, the continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base, and an increase in the number of Google network members. We expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, advertising trends, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices, and our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers. The increase in revenues from international markets has been driven by the shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, which has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., especially in emerging markets. We continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. We expect that our results will continue to be impacted by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. We may make acquisitions, increase our capital expenditures, or license products and technologies complementary to our business and may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund these activities.