The company has implemented advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs to achieve high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction, and clinical quality, which are central goals of its business model. The company routinely analyzes operational practices from its best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. The company believes these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help achieve cost efficiencies, grow revenues, and favorably position itself in an environment increasingly focused on quality, efficacy, and efficiency. The company has invested significant resources to refine and improve its billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. It has developed standardized calculation processes and related training programs to improve the utility of its patient accounting systems. The company recognizes income related to Medicare and Medicaid electronic health record incentive payments using a gain contingency model based on when its eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified EHR technology. The company incurred operating expenses to implement its certified EHR technology and meet meaningful use requirements, which are projected to continue over all stages of implementation. The company has invested in its Parallon subsidiary group to leverage key components of its support infrastructure, including revenue cycle management, healthcare group purchasing, supply chain management, and staffing functions. The company continues to leverage its scale and market positions to enhance profitability and is pursuing next-generation performance improvement initiatives, such as contracting for services on a multistate basis and expanding its support infrastructure for additional clinical and support functions. The company believes there is significant opportunity to continue to grow profitability by fully leveraging the scale and scope of its franchise. The company is committed to providing high-quality, cost-effective healthcare while growing its business, increasing profitability, and creating long-term value for stockholders. It plans to continue recruiting and strategically collaborating with the physician community and adding attractive service lines. The company is also focused on selectively developing and acquiring new hospitals, outpatient facilities, and other healthcare service providers, believing that challenges faced by the hospital industry may spur consolidation. The company’s ability to attract and retain physicians is considered a critical component of its growth strategy, which includes providing high-quality, convenient facilities with advanced technology. The company recognizes that the ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology is essential for recognizing income for related Medicare or Medicaid incentive payments. The company’s financial results include net gains on sales of facilities and losses on retirement of debt, which are factors in its operational performance. The provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have healthcare coverage. The company’s revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the ancillary services and therapy programs ordered by physicians, and the volume of outpatient procedures. The company’s growth agenda is aligned with its commitment to providing high-quality healthcare while managing costs effectively through its centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across its extensive network.