Our management and franchise segment provides services, which include hotel management and licensing of our brands to franchisees, as well as property management at timeshare properties. This segment generates its revenue from management and franchise fees charged to hotel owners, including our owned and leased hotels, and to homeowners' associations at timeshare properties. As a franchisor of hotels, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing and information technology services. The management and franchise agreements with third-party owners and franchisees are crucial for generating management and franchise fee revenues, and the success of our management and franchise business depends on our ability to perform under these agreements and maintain good relationships with third-party owners and franchisees. Our relationships with these third parties also generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees, and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. Additionally, we have entered into sales and marketing agreements to sell timeshare intervals on behalf of third-party developers. Our capital expenditures for property and equipment primarily include expenditures related to the renovation of existing owned and leased properties and our corporate facilities. Our software capitalization costs related to various systems initiatives for the benefit of our hotel owners and our overall corporate operations highlight our focus on technology deployment. Changes in depreciation expense may be driven by renovations of existing hotels, acquisition or development of new hotels, and changes in estimates of the useful lives of our assets. We capitalize costs associated with certain software development projects, and as those projects are completed and placed into service, amortization expense will increase. Our investment policy is focused on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments across all three of our business segments. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the fixed costs inherent in our business. As a result, we may not be able to offset revenue reductions through cost cutting. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was a result of increased amortization expense for capitalized software costs placed into service during and after 2013. Our overall borrowing rate increased based on a series of transactions occurring in October 2013, collectively referred to as the "debt refinancing"; however, we reduced our outstanding borrowings during 2014. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2013, compared to the year ended December 31, 2012, was primarily due to $650 million received from the sales of Hilton HHonors points, which increased our deferred revenues, and improved operating income. We expect the decline in sales of our owned timeshare inventory to continue as we further develop our capital light timeshare business with a focus on selling timeshare intervals on behalf of third-party developers. Our timeshare segment also is linked to cycles in the general economy and consumer discretionary spending. The increase in revenues from our timeshare segment was primarily a result of the increase in commissions recognized from the sale of third-party developed intervals. Our management and franchise contracts are designed to expand our business with limited or no capital investment, and we evaluate the economic viability of the hotel based on the geographic location and credit quality of the third-party owner.