Our business is conducted as a single reportable business segment, and substantially all of our identifiable assets are located in the United States, United Kingdom, continental Europe, Israel, Canada, and Singapore. The business environments in which we operate directly affect our results of operations. Our results have been and will continue to be affected by many factors, including the level of trading activity in our markets, which during any period is significantly influenced by general market conditions; competition; price volatility; market share and the pace of industry consolidation; broad trends in the brokerage and finance industry; price levels and price volatility; the number and financial health of companies listed on NYSE's cash markets; geopolitical events; weather and disasters; real and perceived supply and demand imbalances; availability of capital; changing technology in the financial services industry; and legislative and regulatory changes; among other factors. In particular, in recent years, the business environment has been characterized by increasing competition among global markets for trading volumes and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; market participants' demand for speed, capacity, and reliability, which requires continuing investment in technology; and increasing competition for market data revenues. We have diversified our business so that we are less subject to the reduction in volatility, trading activity, or participation in any one asset class. We continue to focus on our strategy to broaden and diversify our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisition of NYSE in order to mitigate these uncertainties. We expect that all of these factors will continue to impact our businesses. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality, and redundancy requirements. We recognized $132 million and $13 million in technology and communication expenses relating to NYSE during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. We continue to invest in technology and infrastructure to enhance our operational efficiency and support our growth initiatives. The acquisition of SuperDerivatives is intended to accelerate our multi-asset class clearing, risk management, and market data strategy. We have made significant investments in technology resources to ensure that we can meet the evolving needs of our customers and maintain our competitive advantage. Our IT capabilities have been evolving to encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The integration of acquired technologies and the development of our IT architecture are critical to our operational flexibility and business transformation efforts. We recognize that our IT investment decisions directly impact our market responsiveness and overall firm performance. The ongoing development and expansion of our electronic platforms and clearing houses are essential to our strategic resource allocation and capability enhancement efforts. We continue to monitor potential triggering events in our technology initiatives, including changes in the business and regulatory climate in which we operate, as these factors could significantly affect our operational capabilities and market positioning.