The industry in which we operate is dynamic and highly competitive, characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. The markets for software and related services, especially highly-available connected services, are driven by the trend toward connected services, which is the primary driver of the strategies in all of our businesses. We believe that providing more frequent releases will create a better experience for customers who choose our desktop offerings, as well as a more seamless transition to our online offerings in the future. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain and strengthen new and existing relationships. We expect connected services revenue as a percentage of our total revenue to continue to grow in the future. Our small business segment total net revenue increased significantly, driven by customer acquisition in our small business online ecosystem. QuickBooks online customers grew substantially, reflecting our strategic focus on connected services over the past few years. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems is critical as we help customers manage their financial lives, facing risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We have been focusing small business segment resources on the enhancement and marketing of our QuickBooks online and QuickBooks desktop subscription offerings. Our connected services generated a substantial portion of our total revenue, indicating a shift from traditional services to those that embrace the benefits of connected services. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results and future prospects. The competitive landscape is evolving, with large, cloud-based service companies innovating quickly and serving small businesses and consumers. Our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively has become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We are committed to enhancing our IT capabilities to support our business strategies and work processes, ensuring that we can respond to changing business needs and directions while maintaining operational efficiency and effectiveness.