We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. We believe marketing and product innovations that target fast-growing population segments could drive market growth. Additionally, as more consumers are faced with a busy and on-the-go lifestyle, sales of single-serve beverages could increase, which typically have higher margins. We believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences. Our capital expenditures primarily related to machinery and equipment, including production improvements in our facilities, our distribution fleet, IT investments, and expansion and replacement of existing cold drink equipment. We expect to incur annual capital expenditures, net of proceeds from disposals, in an amount approximately 3.00% of our net sales, which we expect to fund through cash provided by operating activities. Our cash balances are used to fund working capital requirements, scheduled debt and interest payments, income tax obligations, repurchases of our common stock, dividend payments, and capital expenditures. We have made acquisitions to strengthen our route to market and support efforts to build and enhance our leading brands. We may continue to make future acquisitions, such as acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors, and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage. Our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors may be impacted by disruptions in financial and credit markets. We have a deferred compensation plan where the assets are maintained in a rabbi trust and the corresponding liability related to the plan is recorded in other non-current liabilities. We believe the use of actuarial methods to estimate our future losses provides a consistent and effective way to measure our self-insured liabilities. Our assumptions reflect our historical experience and our best judgment regarding future performance. Our customer incentives and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the expense recognition. We assess the likelihood of realizing our deferred tax assets. We have identified the items described as our critical accounting estimates. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use in our critical accounting estimates. The calculation of pension and postretirement plan obligations and related expenses is dependent on several assumptions used to estimate the present value of the benefits earned while the employee is eligible to participate in the plans. The effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the pension benefit obligations for U.S. plans would change the benefit obligation. We conduct tests for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We use present value and other valuation techniques to make this assessment. Our largest U.S. defined benefit pension plan was suspended and the accrued benefit was frozen effective December 31, 2008.