Throughout our history, we have consistently been a leader in the private equity industry, having completed more than 250 private equity investments in portfolio companies with a total transaction value in excess of $505 billion. Our growth has been driven by value that we have created through our operationally focused investment approach, the expansion of our existing businesses, our entry into new lines of business, innovation in the products that we offer investors in our funds, an increased focus on providing tailored solutions to our clients, and the integration of capital markets distribution activities. Our investment teams have deep industry knowledge and are supported by a substantial and diversified capital base, an integrated global investment platform, the expertise of operating consultants and senior advisors, and a worldwide network of business relationships that provide a significant source of investment opportunities, specialized knowledge during due diligence, and substantial resources for creating and realizing value for stakeholders. We believe that these aspects of our business will help us continue to expand and grow our business and deliver strong investment performance in a variety of economic and financial conditions. Our ability to attract new capital and investors in our funds is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry generally, and our investment products specifically, as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital from our funds and our balance sheet. Greater competition, high valuations, increased overall cost of credit, and other general market conditions may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. Additionally, because we seek to make investments that have an ability to achieve our targeted returns while taking on a reasonable level of risk, we may experience periods of reduced investment activity. Reduced levels of transaction activity also tend to result in a reduced potential future investment gains, lower transaction fees, and lower fees for our capital markets business. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets generally, and the initial public offering market specifically affects the value of, and our ability to successfully exit, our equity positions in our private equity portfolio companies in a timely manner. Our capital markets business supports our firm, our private equity portfolio companies, and third-party clients by developing and implementing both traditional and non-traditional capital solutions for investments or companies seeking financing. These services include arranging debt and equity financing for transactions, placing and underwriting securities offerings, and providing other types of capital markets services. Our capital markets business is dependent on the overall capital markets environment, which is influenced by equity prices, credit spreads, and volatility. Our transaction fees are comprised of fees from various global regions. Our capital is committed to capital markets transactions, and after diligence is conducted, such transactions are subject to the review and approval of a capital markets underwriting committee. We have a risk committee comprised of senior employees from across our business segments and operations, which monitors and evaluates KKR's general business risks. The majority of our investments are reported at fair value, and net changes in the fair value of investments impact the net gains (losses) from investment activities in our consolidated statements of operations. We estimate that an immediate 10% decrease in the fair value of investments generally would result in a commensurate change in the amount of net gains (losses) from investment activities.