The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions in applying our accounting policies that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We derive revenue from three sources—sales of systems, spare parts and services. Our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies, or to increase their production volumes in response to market demand. The demand for our products is driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits (ICs). Our business is affected by the increasingly concentrated nature of our semiconductor manufacturer customer base and the cyclicality of the capital equipment procurement practices of those manufacturers, with revenues directly impacted by their investment patterns. We believe that, over the long term, our customers will continue to invest in advanced technologies and new materials to enable smaller design rules and higher density applications, as well as to reduce cost. The timing, length, intensity and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. To do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial investments in our research and development. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies as we address the yield challenges our customers face at future technology nodes. Our R&D expenses have generally increased over time, including significant increases over the past two fiscal years primarily due to higher costs associated with advanced product and technology development projects. We incur significant costs associated with these projects, including compensation for engineering talent, engineering material costs, and other expenses, as technological innovation is essential to our success. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. Changes in gross margin percentage driven by revenue volume of products and services reflect our ability to leverage existing infrastructure to generate higher revenues. We provide leading-edge equipment, software and support that enable IC manufacturers to identify, resolve and manage significant advanced technology manufacturing process challenges and obtain higher finished product yields at lower overall cost. Our products and services are used by our customers to measure and control nanometric-level manufacturing processes, and to detect, analyze and resolve critical product defects that arise in that environment. The growing use of increasingly sophisticated semiconductor devices has caused many of our customers to invest in additional semiconductor manufacturing capabilities and capacity. These investments have included process control and yield management equipment and services and have had a significant favorable impact on our revenues over the long term. We cannot predict the duration and sustainability of the recent favorable business conditions, and our revenue levels in the next fiscal year will depend upon whether our customers maintain recent levels of investment in process control equipment. Our earnings for the next fiscal year will depend not only on our revenue levels, but also on the amount of research and development spending required to meet our customers' technology roadmaps.