We completed the spin-off of our health care business on October 31, 2014. The restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth. We plan to grow our strong positions in personal care by leveraging our brands and providing innovations. We executed our growth strategies in KCI, with a focus on markets in China, Eastern Europe and Latin America. To help fund our investments in innovations and growth initiatives and to improve our profit margins, we are generating cost savings through several initiatives, including leveraging our global procurement organization and deploying lean principles. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. We continued to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Our strategic changes related to our Western and Central European consumer and professional businesses to focus our resources and investments on stronger market positions and growth opportunities. The changes primarily affect our consumer businesses, with a modest impact on KCP. The impacted businesses generated annual net sales of approximately $0.5 billion and negligible operating profit. As a result of the restructuring activities, compared to 2012, annual net sales in 2014 and 2013 were decreased by $500 and $350, respectively. We initiated a restructuring plan in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business. The restructuring actions commenced in 2012 and were completed by December 31, 2014. The restructuring resulted in cumulative pre-tax charges of $413 over that period. We expect to contribute up to $100 to our defined benefit pension plans and to increase our quarterly dividend mid-single digits effective April 2015, subject to approval by the board of directors. Our share of net income from equity companies is expected to be down somewhat due to lower earnings at KCM, driven by a weaker Mexican peso. We anticipate capital spending to be in a $950 to $1,050 range and share repurchases to total $0.8 to $1.0 billion, subject to market conditions. Our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions and other needs for the foreseeable future. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. We expect net sales to be negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, including an approximate 3 percent impact from exchange rate changes in Venezuela. The restructuring is expected to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth. The restructuring is intended to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business. The restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, with total costs anticipated to be $130 to $160 after tax. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies.