The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. We focus on providing fee-based services to customers from a business portfolio consisting of energy-related pipelines, natural gas storage, processing and treating facilities, and bulk and liquids terminal facilities. Our reportable business segments are based on the way our management organizes our enterprise, and each of our business segments represents a component of our enterprise that engages in a separate business activity. We generally attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. Our midstream group provides gathering and processing services primarily through our asset operations, which we acquired from various entities. These substantially fee-based gathering, processing and fractionation assets, along with our financial strength and extensive pipeline transportation and storage assets, provide an excellent platform to further grow our midstream group services footprint. The revenues and earnings we realize from gathering natural gas, processing natural gas in order to remove NGL from the natural gas stream, and fractionating NGL into their base components, are also affected by the volumes of natural gas made available to our systems, which are primarily driven by levels of natural gas drilling activity. Our midstream group services are provided pursuant to a variety of arrangements, generally categorized as fee-based, percent-of-proceeds, percent-of-index and keep-whole. Contracts may rely solely on a single type of arrangement, but more often they combine elements of two or more of the above, which helps us and our counterparties manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices. Our ability to make accretive acquisitions is a function of the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at the right cost, and includes factors over which we have limited or no control. Our ability to make accretive acquisitions or expand our assets is impacted by our ability to maintain adequate liquidity and to raise the necessary capital needed to fund such acquisitions. Our general and administrative expenses include shared corporate services, including accounting, information technology, human resources and legal services. We currently evaluate business segment performance primarily based on segment earnings before all DD&A expenses, and amortization of excess cost of equity investments. We consider each period's EBITDA to be an important measure of business segment performance for our segments. The increase in general and administrative expenses before certain items was primarily driven by the acquisition of Copano and EP, as well as higher benefit costs, payroll taxes, and segment labor expenses. Our capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2014, and the amount we expect to spend for 2015 to sustain and grow our business are categorized into sustaining capital expenditures and discretionary capital expenditures. The distinction between maintenance and expansion capital expenditures is a physical determination rather than an economic one, irrespective of the amount by which the throughput or capacity is increased. Budgeting and approval of expansion capital expenditures are generally made periodically throughout the year on a project-by-project basis in response to specific investment opportunities identified by our business segments. Our capital structure will continue to allow us to achieve our business objectives, and we expect that our short-term liquidity needs will be met primarily through short-term borrowings.