We also provide a broad range of management, engineering, technical, scientific, logistics and information services. Our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security and information technology, including cyber security. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives. We also expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return substantially all of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases over the next three years. Our is&gs business segment provides advanced technology systems and expertise, integrated information technology solutions and management services across a broad spectrum of applications for civil, defense, intelligence and other government customers. The is&gs segment has been impacted by the continued downturn in certain federal agencies' information technology budgets and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. We have made a number of niche acquisitions of businesses and investments in affiliates during the past several years. Systems made simple provides solutions that leverage information technology in the healthcare domain to improve, increase, enable and ensure the exchange and interoperability of information between patients, providers and payers and has been included in our is&gs business segment. Zeta designs systems that enable collection, processing, safeguarding and dissemination of information for intelligence and defense communities and has been included in our space systems business segment. Industrial defender is a provider of cyber security solutions for control systems in the oil and gas, utility and chemical industries and has been included in our is&gs business segment. We expect our 2015 net sales to decline in the low single digit range from 2014 levels as we continue to see downward pressure from the effects of U.S. government budget reductions, primarily in our services businesses. We expect our 2015 segment operating profit will decline in the mid to high single digit range from 2014 levels due to an expected decrease in segment operating profit at all five business segments. Our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions, such as our is&gs business segment and certain services businesses within our mfc and mst business segments. We have also experienced increased market pressures in these services businesses including lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. The possibility remains, however, that our programs could be materially reduced, extended, or terminated as a result of the U.S. government's continuing assessment of priorities, changes in government priorities, or budget reductions, including sequestration. We expect costs associated with claims from our suppliers and restructuring charges will be recovered from our customers. We continue to evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures and equity investments. The investments and acquisitions we have made in recent years have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas.