We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use website, marriott.com, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications and mobile website that connect to marriott.com, through functionality and service improvements, and we expect to continue capturing an increasing proportion of property-level reservations via this cost-efficient channel. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. This strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. Our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior customer service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, and a multichannel reservations system. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. We believe revenue per available room ("revpar") is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. We monitor market conditions and carefully price our rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. We also modify the mix of our business to increase revenue as demand changes. Demand for higher rated rooms improved in most markets in 2014, which allowed us to reduce discounting and special offers for transient business in many markets. This mix improvement benefited average daily rates. For our company-operated properties, we continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. The year-over-year increase in segment revenues was a result of a significant increase in cost reimbursements revenue, higher franchise fees, and higher base management fees. We believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. Our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new Marriott-branded properties depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. We expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include loans and noncontrolling equity investments. We also believe that adjusted EBITDA reflects adjustments to exclude pre-tax impairment charges and share-based compensation expense for all periods presented. We believe that adjusted EBITDA that excludes these items is a meaningful measure of our operating performance because it permits period-over-period comparisons of our ongoing core operations before these items and facilitates our comparison of results before these items with results from other lodging companies. Our financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. We expect to continue meeting part of our financing and liquidity needs primarily through commercial paper borrowings, issuances of senior notes, and access to long-term committed credit facilities. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations.