The company has established a digital strategy built around improving the customer experience and customer engagement, which collectively represents the restaurant experience of the future and builds upon investments already made in reimaging and technology. In 2014, the company executed initiatives to build brand trust through strengthened marketing efforts, including the launch of a national food quality campaign, and focused on improving the service experience through an increased emphasis on operational excellence and investments made in establishing the digital platform, including being the first in the industry to accept Apple Pay in the drive-thru. The company is committed to ongoing restaurant expansion, although the pace of new openings was slowed in China in response to local market dynamics. In Europe, the company continued to leverage technology, with over 2,000 self-order kiosks and mobile ordering and payment capability available in certain markets, further optimizing the menu through premium menu additions and expanded platforms. The company’s strategic growth priorities align with customers' evolving needs and are combined with competitive advantages of convenience, scale, geographic diversification, and system alignment, which will enhance customer experience and build shareholder value over the long term. The company’s business model enables it to consistently deliver locally relevant restaurant experiences to customers and be an integral part of the communities served. The company has been focused on increasing customer relevance, driving customer visits, and positioning itself for future growth, which includes redefining menu choice and personalization, exploring solutions that will provide guests a customizable restaurant experience, and enhancing the appeal of core products. The company plans to leverage investments in reimaging, integrated kitchen platforms, and other technology-enabled solutions to support the restaurant experience of the future. The company’s digital strategy includes significant initiatives in customer-focused areas, such as self-order kiosks and table service, and in-store pick-up or in-car delivery in certain markets. The company is also pursuing opportunities to grow the breakfast, overnight, and family businesses, while evolving value offerings and messaging, particularly in key markets. The company’s capital expenditures plan reflects financial discipline as it strategically targets fewer openings in challenged markets while continuing to invest in geographically diversified new restaurant development and reimaging of existing restaurants. The company’s ongoing commitment to build long-term shareholder value is reflected in its cash return target and the significant free cash flow generated from operations, which supports the funding of critical growth initiatives. The company’s focus on technology integration and operational flexibility is essential for optimizing performance and responding to market dynamics, ensuring that it remains a competitive force in the industry.