We have been expanding geographically and building our presence in the snacking category while continuing to invest in product quality, marketing, and innovation behind our iconic brands. Our goals are to achieve industry-leading revenue growth over time along with higher expected growth rates of advantaged snack categories; leverage our cost structure through supply chain reinvention, productivity programs, overhead streamlining, volume growth, and improved product mix to drive margin gains; and grow earnings per share in the top tier of our peer group. We manage our business to achieve top-tier financial performance using a number of operating metrics including organic net revenue, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EPS. We monitor a number of factors and trends that we expect may impact our near- and long-term revenues and profitability objectives, including long-term demographics and consumer trends, which are highly correlated to GDP growth, urbanization of the population, and rising discretionary income levels associated with a growing middle class particularly in emerging markets. We continue to make investments in our brands and build strong routes to market to address the needs of consumers in emerging and developed markets. In doing so, we anticipate stimulating demand in our categories and growing our position in these markets. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional, and local competitors, and our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale, and portfolio of brands have significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most product categories. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on product quality, bringing new products and innovations to market, and effectively meeting consumer needs and preferences. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, and marketing consumer promotions. We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively at a local level, and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. We believe it is appropriate to disclose segment operating income to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. We expect the 2014-2018 restructuring program to generate annualized savings of at least $1.5 billion by the program's completion at the end of 2018. We have also incurred incremental expenses related to readying our coffee businesses for planned transactions. We expect to continue to fund capital expenditures from operations, which are primarily made to modernize manufacturing facilities and support new product and productivity initiatives. We believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facility, and our authorized long-term financing will provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, future contractual obligations, share repurchases, and payment of our anticipated quarterly dividends. We regularly monitor worldwide supply, commodity cost, and currency trends to secure ingredients, packaging, and fuel required for production. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing, and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We expect price volatility and a slightly higher aggregate cost environment to continue in 2015. Our total debt was $16.7 billion at December 31, 2014, and we expect to continue to comply with our long-term debt covenants.