We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising and from fees associated with our payments infrastructure that enables people who use Facebook to purchase virtual and digital goods from developers. Trends in the number of users affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, the volume of payments transactions, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook properties, including our mobile applications, and third-party affiliated websites or mobile applications. The most important factor driving advertising revenue growth was an increase in revenue from ads in news feed on both mobile devices and personal computers. We believe that use of Facebook through personal computers will continue to decline in all regions. We anticipate that growth in mobile users will continue to be the driver of our user growth for the foreseeable future. Our revenue and ARPU in regions such as United States & Canada and Europe are relatively higher due to the size and maturity of those advertising markets as well as our greater sales presence and the number of payment methods that we make available to marketers and users. We enable payments from people to purchase virtual and digital goods from developers. We receive a fee from developers when a person engages in a payment transaction for the purchase of a virtual or digital good on the Facebook website. Our cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products, including expenses related to the operation of our data centers such as facility and server equipment depreciation, facility and server equipment rent expense, energy and bandwidth costs, support and maintenance costs, and salaries, benefits, and share-based compensation for employees on our operations teams. Research and development expenses consist primarily of share-based compensation, salaries and benefits for employees on our engineering and technical teams who are responsible for building new products as well as improving existing products. We plan to continue hiring software engineers and other technical employees to support our research and development initiatives. Our marketing and sales expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, and share-based compensation for our employees engaged in sales, sales support, marketing, business development, and customer service functions. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition for payments and other fees, income taxes, share-based compensation, loss contingencies, and business combinations and valuation of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. We have not recorded any impairment charge during the years presented. We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The increase in payments and other fees revenue is a result of increased revenue from our ad serving and measurement products and the delivery of virtual reality platform devices. We anticipate making capital expenditures in 2015 of approximately $2.8 billion to $3.2 billion. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. We currently anticipate that our available funds, credit facilities, and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs for the foreseeable future. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily due to operational expenses related to our data center and technical infrastructure and increased amortization of our intangible assets. We believe that the amount or estimable range of reasonably possible loss will not have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory rate due to non-deductible share-based compensation, operations in jurisdictions with tax rates lower than the U.S., and tax research credits.