Altria Group, Inc.'s management reviews certain financial results, including diluted EPS, on an adjusted basis, which exclude certain income and expense items that management believes are not part of underlying operations. These adjusted financial measures provide useful insight into underlying business trends and results and are used by management for planning, forecasting, and evaluating business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. Altria Group, Inc.'s management believes that the estimated fair values of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are reasonable, although actual performance could differ significantly from forecasted performance, potentially resulting in impairment charges in future periods. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities, and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Altria Group, Inc. must use an accounting policy or method because it is the only policy or method permitted under U.S. GAAP. The consolidated financial statements include Altria Group, Inc., as well as its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc.'s access to the operating cash flows of its wholly-owned subsidiaries consists of cash received from the payment of dividends and distributions, and the payment of interest on intercompany loans by its subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc. recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans on the consolidated balance sheet and records as a component of other comprehensive earnings the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that have not been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Altria Group, Inc. conducts a required annual review of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would require an interim review. The analysis incorporated assumptions used in Altria Group, Inc.'s long-term financial forecast and also included market participant assumptions regarding the highest and best use of Altria Group, Inc.'s indefinite-lived intangible assets. The average discount rate used in performing the valuations was approximately 10%. Altria Group, Inc. regularly performs a systematic assessment of each individual lease in its portfolio to determine potential credit or collection issues that might indicate impairment. The company considers both quantitative and qualitative factors of each investment when performing its assessment of the allowance for losses. Altria Group, Inc. must use an accounting policy or method because it is the only policy or method permitted under U.S. GAAP. The company’s management believes that these adjusted financial measures provide useful insight into underlying business trends and results and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. Altria Group, Inc. also holds approximately 27% of the economic and voting interest of SABMiller, which Altria Group, Inc. accounts for under the equity method of accounting. The financial services and the innovative tobacco products businesses are included in an all other category due to the continued reduction of the lease portfolio of PMCC and the relative financial contribution of Altria Group, Inc.'s innovative tobacco products businesses to Altria Group, Inc.'s consolidated results. Altria Group, Inc. receives cash dividends on its interest in SABMiller if and when SABMiller pays such dividends. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities, and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.