For more than 40 years, MSCI's research-based models and methodologies have helped the world's leading investors build and manage better portfolios. Our line of products and services includes indexes, analytical tools, data, real estate benchmarks, and environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") research. To maintain and accelerate our revenue and operating income growth, we have significantly invested in and expanded our operating functions and infrastructure, including additional product management, sales and client support staff and facilities in locations around the world and additional staff and supporting technology for our research and our data operations and technology functions. The purpose of this enhanced investment program is to maximize our medium-term revenue and operating income growth while ensuring that MSCI will remain a leading provider of investment decision support tools into the future. Our revenue growth strategy includes developing new and enhancing existing product offerings, including combining existing product features or data derived from our products to create new products, and actively seeking to acquire products, technologies, and companies that will enhance, complement, or expand our client base and our product offerings. Our products are used in many areas of the investment process, including portfolio construction and rebalancing, performance benchmarking and attribution, risk management, regulatory and client reporting, index-linked investment product creation, and asset allocation. We generate revenues from subscription agreements for the receipt of periodic benchmarks reports, digests, and other publications, which are most often associated with our products offered by IPD Group Limited. Our risk management analytics product category includes revenues from annual, recurring subscriptions to our risk management analytics products, including our major products, RiskManager and BarraOne. RiskManager is used by clients for daily analysis, measuring and monitoring of market risk at fund and firm levels, for sensitivity and stress testing, and interactive what-if analysis. BarraOne provides clients with global, multi-asset class risk analysis using Barra fundamental factors. The platform supports optional data management services that allow users to outsource the loading and reconciliation of their portfolio and other proprietary data. Our portfolio management analytics product category includes revenues from annual, recurring subscriptions to Barra Aegis and our proprietary risk data in Barra Aegis and Barra Portfolio Manager. Barra Aegis is a sophisticated software application for equity risk management and portfolio analysis powered by our proprietary equity risk data. By licensing the client to receive additional software modules and risk data or increasing the number of permitted client users or client locations, we can further increase our revenues per client. Our business is not highly capital intensive, and we expect to continue to convert a high percentage of our operating profits into excess cash in the future. In evaluating our financial performance, we focus on revenue growth for the company in total and by product category as well as operating profit growth. Our business transformation efforts have been aimed at enhancing our IT capabilities to support business needs and improve operational efficiency. We have largely completed our enhanced investment program and expect margin expansion to begin in the second half of 2015, exclusive of any non-recurring charges we may incur. The increasing scope and complexity of a client's data requirements beyond standard data modules provide opportunities for further revenue growth from existing clients.