Microsoft is a technology leader focused on being the productivity and platform company for the mobile-first and cloud-first world. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. We see significant opportunities for growth by investing research and development resources in areas such as digital work and life experiences. Enterprises are asked to deploy technology that advances business strategy, and they work to unlock business insights from a world of data. Helping businesses move to the cloud is one of our largest opportunities, and we believe we work from a position of strength. The shift to the cloud is driven by economies of scale, allowing businesses to focus on innovation while leaving non-differentiating activities to reliable and cost-effective providers. Our cloud will enable richer employee experiences and allow organizations to securely adopt software-as-a-service applications. We are working to enhance the return on IT investment by enabling enterprises to combine their existing datacenters and our public cloud into a single cohesive infrastructure, facilitating operational flexibility and resource deployment. Our strategy requires continuing investment in datacenters and other infrastructure to support our devices and services, which will bring continued competition with other well-established and emerging competitors. We strive to set the standard for productivity experiences with our Windows device operating system and first-party hardware. We aim to deliver the richest and most consistent user experience for digital work and life scenarios across various devices. Our goal is to lead the industry in delivering new high-value digital work and digital life experiences, establishing our Windows platform across multiple devices and the cloud to drive a thriving ecosystem of developers. We are applying machine learning to make technology more intuitive, enhancing our organizational capabilities and strategic resource allocation. The market for software, devices, and cloud-based services is dynamic and highly competitive, and we must continue to evolve and adapt in pace with this changing environment. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, which is essential for leveraging our IT capabilities. We prioritize our investments among the highest long-term growth opportunities, which require significant resources and are multi-year in nature. The breadth of our products and services portfolio, our large, global partner and customer base, and our ongoing investment in innovation position us to be a leader in these areas. Our commercial segments develop, market, and support software and services designed to increase individual, team, and organizational productivity and efficiency, simplifying everyday tasks through seamless operations across the user's hardware and software. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years in support of our cloud and devices strategy, and we will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology.