We are a leading global provider of mission-critical communication infrastructure, devices, accessories, software, and services. Our products and services help government, public safety, and commercial customers improve their operations through increased effectiveness, efficiency, and safety of their mobile workforces. Our services segment provides a full set of service offerings for government, public safety, and commercial communication networks, including integration services, lifecycle support services, managed services, smart public safety solutions, and iden services. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend, and our customers have shown interest in these offerings. We expect to continue to see growing demand for our managed services, lifecycle support services offerings, and smart public safety solutions. These services offerings help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways including predictive policing, proactive support, or smarter response strategies. We will continue to offer devices and systems that meet our customers' specific needs for private mission-critical communications around the world. Our backlog position has improved, and we believe the funding environment of our largest government customers and the economics surrounding our commercial customers appears to be relatively healthy. We expect our core business serving existing private network customers to continue to provide opportunity for growth into new systems, as there are thousands of old, analog systems still being used today that require upgrades for customers to experience full voice, data, and video capabilities. These systems are typically converted from analog into new digital systems, and are upgraded for reasons that include spectrum-efficiency mandates, capacity constraints, coverage expansion, or new feature upgrades. As we add new products, features, and software upgrades, we ensure our solutions are interoperable and backward-compatible, enabling customers to confidently invest for their future needs while allowing them to utilize their prior investment in our technology. Our overall financial profile improved with a lower structural cost base, growing backlog position, significantly lower share count, and a material reduction in our pension obligations, reducing volatility. We remain committed to employing disciplined financial policies, including an additional reduction of over $100 million in selling, general, administrative, research, and development expenses in 2015. We continue to explore opportunities to transition our capital structure in a way that is reflective of our ability to generate solid operating cash flow and prioritize targeted investments in the business. Capital expenditures were primarily comprised of updates to our information technology infrastructure, network build-out expenditures related to our services segment, and facility renovations. We expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards services over time. The majority of iden sales are accounted for in our services segment. Our services business has been a focus area for us in recent years, and we expect to continue to see growing demand for our offerings as we adapt to the evolving needs of our customers in a technology-driven environment.