Technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendation, merchandising and streaming delivery technology, as well as our telecommunications systems and infrastructures. The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs, resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion. We utilize both our own and third-party content delivery networks to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Our investments in content and marketing associated with the international streaming segment will continue to fluctuate dependent upon the number of international territories in which our streaming service is offered and the timing of the launch of new territories. We expect to significantly increase our investments in international expansion and in streaming content, particularly in original content. Our ability to obtain financing will depend on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 27% in 2014. The increase in our international revenues was primarily due to the growth in the average number of paid international memberships as well as the increase in average monthly revenue per paying member resulting from the price increase on our most popular streaming plan and the introduction of the premium plan. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase in content expenses including content for our new markets as well as more exclusive and original programming. Our international streaming segment does not benefit from the established member base that exists for the domestic segments, resulting in significant initial investments in streaming content and marketing programs to drive membership growth. We define contribution profit as revenues less cost of revenues and marketing expenses, which is an important measure of our operating segment performance. Our domestic streaming segment had a contribution margin of 27% for the year ended December 31, 2014, which increased as compared to the contribution margin of 23% for the year ended December 31, 2013 due to growth in paid memberships and revenue, which continued to outpace content and marketing spending. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to the increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. We expect to continue to increase domestic contribution margins over the next several years even with lower membership growth. The expected timing of payments for streaming content obligations could range from less than one year to more than five years, and the increase in streaming content obligations was primarily due to multi-year commitments associated with our latest market launches in Europe and the continued expansion of our exclusive and original programming. We capitalize the fee per title and record a corresponding liability at the gross amount of liabilities when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. Our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment, and changes in our estimates could have a significant impact on our future results of operations.