We are committed to improving our service and have added resources to meet the needs of our network. Our continued focus on cost control helped stem growth in operating expenses despite higher volumes and led to an all-time low operating ratio for 2014. The unexpected volume growth and severe winter weather led to resource shortages and network delays during the year. We will continue to focus on safety, service levels, cost control, productivity, operational efficiency, and a market-based approach to pricing. Our technology investments of $70 million are planned for new or upgraded systems and computers, which are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business strategies. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. We anticipate spending on infrastructure improvements to increase mainline capacity, accommodate business growth, and provide our share of funding for various public/private partnership investments. The crescent corridor consists of a program of projects for infrastructure and other facility improvements geared toward creating a seamless, high-capacity intermodal route. We plan to implement certain elements of the crescent corridor through a series of public-private partnerships. We also expect to spend $100 million on infrastructure improvements to increase mainline capacity, accommodate business growth, and provide our share of funding for various public/private partnership investments. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We regularly review these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We maintain substantial amounts of insurance for potential third-party liability and property damage claims. We also retain reasonable levels of risk through self-insurance. Our estimate of loss liabilities is subject to inherent limitation given the difficulty of predicting future events and as such the actual loss may vary from the estimated liability recorded. We are subject to various jurisdictions' environmental laws and regulations. We record a liability where such liability or loss is probable and its amount can be estimated reasonably. Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements that may be identified by the use of words like "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "consider," "project," and similar references to the future. Forward-looking statements reflect our good-faith evaluation of information currently available. However, such statements are dependent on and, therefore, can be influenced by a number of external variables over which we have little or no control, including disruptions to our technology infrastructure, including computer systems. We expect the impact of lower oil prices on our fuel surcharge revenue programs to be offset by increased volumes and higher rates. Our anticipated spending includes improvements or replacement of bridges, terminals, and equipment to add capacity to our intermodal network. We are evaluating the effect that new accounting standards will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds. We expect to see a significant savings in fuel expenses in 2015 as compared to 2014.