We are the world's largest provider of enterprise software and a leading provider of computer hardware products and services that are engineered to work together in the cloud and in the data center. Our offerings include Oracle database and middleware software, application software, cloud infrastructure, hardware systems, and related services. We develop and maintain our products and services to be enterprise-grade, reliable, secure, and interoperable while offering customers a choice in deployment models that best meet their IT needs. Our cloud computing environments, including those offered through our Oracle Cloud software-as-a-service (SaaS), platform-as-a-service (PaaS), and infrastructure-as-a-service offerings, are designed to be attractive and cost-effective options for our customers as we integrate the software and hardware on the customers' behalf in IT environments that we deploy, support, and manage. We are a leader in the core technologies of cloud computing, including database and middleware software as well as web-based applications, virtualization, clustering, large-scale systems management, and related infrastructure. Our products and services are the building blocks of our own cloud services, our partners' cloud services, and our customers' cloud IT environments. An important element of our corporate strategy is to deliver reliable, secure, and scalable products and services that are built upon industry standards and are engineered to work both together or independently, regardless of the deployment model selected. We believe that our investments in, and continued innovation with respect to, our software and cloud, hardware, and services businesses are the foundation of our long-term strategic plans. We have expanded our enterprise-grade cloud computing offerings through our continued investments in research and development and through targeted acquisitions to broaden our Oracle Cloud offerings. Our Oracle Cloud SaaS offerings enable us to provide IT functionality that customers can use to manage critical business functions in a rapidly deployable delivery model with lower upfront customer investment. Our Oracle engineered systems are designed to combine certain of our hardware and software offerings to increase computing performance relative to our competitors' products, creating cost efficiencies, time savings, and operational cost advantages for our customers. We believe that an active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy as it enhances the products and services that we can offer to customers, expands our customer base, provides greater scale to accelerate innovation, grows our revenues and earnings, and increases stockholder value. Our software and cloud business, which represented a significant portion of our total revenues, is comprised of new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions, cloud infrastructure-as-a-service, and software license updates and product support. Our software offerings are substantially built on a standards-based, integrated architecture designed to help customers reduce the cost and complexity of their IT infrastructure. Our customers include businesses of many sizes, government agencies, educational institutions, and resellers. We enable customers to evolve and transform to substantially any IT environment at whatever pace is most appropriate for them. The growth in our new software licenses and our SaaS and PaaS revenues that we report is affected by the strength of general economic and business conditions, governmental budgetary constraints, the competitive position of our software offerings, our acquisitions, and foreign currency fluctuations.