In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including key events and recent developments within our company. We believe the increased sales achieved by our stores are the result of store growth and the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, and a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts. Our ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences reflect our capability to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of purchasing up on the value spectrum, which underscores our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility in meeting business needs. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales was primarily due to product acquisition cost improvements, partially offset by the non-cash last-in, first-out negative impact resulting from continued product acquisition cost reductions. Our supplier financing programs enable us to reduce overall supply chain costs and negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers, which enhances our operational efficiency and resource management. The costs associated with the opening of a new store are estimated to average approximately $1.3 million to $1.5 million, reflecting our investment in technology infrastructure and operational capabilities to support our business transformation. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. Our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 94.6%, reflecting our effective management of inventory and supplier relationships. We have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product, which supports our information management capability and enhances our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy and timeliness. Our strategic management practices include evaluating the carrying value of long-lived assets for impairment, which requires judgment in forecasting long-term estimated cash flows and determining the ultimate useful lives and fair values of the assets. The increase in gross profit dollars was primarily a result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores and sales from new stores, driven by our focus on serving both do-it-yourself and professional service provider customers. Our liquidity and capital resources are influenced by our ability to generate funds from operations, which is impacted by decreased demand for our products or changes in customer buying patterns. We believe that the key drivers of current and future demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, the number of U.S. registered vehicles, and the average vehicle age, all of which are critical factors in our market response and strategic capabilities.