We continue to focus on investing in our products, people, and service capabilities, positioning ourselves to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our business strategy is focused on strong long-term financial performance by providing high-quality, timely, accurate, and affordable services; growing our client base; increasing utilization of our ancillary services; leveraging our technology through our service organization; and expanding our product offerings. We are managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our paychex next generation suite of innovative products and services includes a saas platform that combines the latest technology with superior customer service to provide human resource administrators a streamlined and integrated approach to workforce management. We believe continued investment in our technology is a key building block for future success. Our online hr administration products contributed to growth through strong sales of saas solutions. We continue to position ourselves to capitalize on the opportunities arising from the shift to saas solutions as we invest heavily in product development relating to our saas capabilities and mobile applications. The introduction of a new health insurance offering within our peo during fiscal 2014 reflects our commitment to help small businesses succeed by giving them access to funds they need to start, grow, and manage their business. Our service execution was strong as we achieved record levels of client retention, at approximately 82% of the beginning of the year client base. We experienced growth in health and benefits services applicants, though at moderating rates. Our financial results for fiscal 2014 reflected sustained growth in our business. Payroll service revenue continued to advance with growth of 4% for fiscal 2014 as compared with fiscal 2013. Revenue per check, client base, and checks per payroll continued to show improvement. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our financial position as of May 31, 2014 remained strong with cash and total corporate investments of $936.8 million and no debt. Our investment strategy focuses on protecting principal and optimizing liquidity. We invest predominantly in municipal bonds including general obligation bonds, pre-refunded bonds that are secured by a U.S. government escrow, and essential services revenue bonds. The increase in wages was largely related to investments in product development and supporting technology, as well as sales force investment initiatives that began in fiscal 2013. Higher equipment costs within information technology and higher professional services supporting our technology development contributed to the increases in other expenses for both fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013. We believe that our investments as of May 31, 2014 were not other-than-temporarily impaired, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date that would indicate any other-than-temporary impairment. Our positive cash flows in fiscal 2014 allowed us to support our business growth and to pay substantial dividends to our stockholders. We continue to focus on driving growth in clients, revenue, and profits. The growth for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 in hrs revenue was driven primarily by client base growth, particularly in paychex hr services, retirement services, and online hr administration products. The most significant contributors, all of which increased by high single or low double-digit percentages, are as follows: paychex hr services revenue was positively impacted for both years by growth in both clients and client employees.