The utility's ability to fund operations, finance capital expenditures, and make distributions to PG&E Corporation depends on the levels of its operating cash flows and access to the capital and credit markets. The utility generally utilizes equity contributions from PG&E Corporation and long-term senior unsecured debt issuances to maintain its CPUC-authorized long-term capital structure. The utility's future equity needs will continue to be affected by costs that are not recoverable through rates, including costs related to natural gas matters, fines imposed in connection with the pending CPUC investigations, and other matters described in enforcement and litigation matters. The utility relies on short-term debt, including commercial paper, to fund temporary financing needs. The utility's cash flows from operating activities primarily consist of receipts from customers less payments of operating expenses, other than expenses such as depreciation that do not require the use of cash. Future cash flow from operating activities will be affected by various factors, including the timing and amount of fines or penalties that will be imposed in connection with the pending investigations and other enforcement matters, as well as any costs associated with remedial actions the utility may be required to implement. The utility forecasts that it will incur $5.5 billion in capital expenditures in 2015 and between $5.3 billion and $5.8 billion in 2016. The utility's investing activities primarily consist of construction of new and replacement facilities necessary to deliver safe and reliable electricity and natural gas services to its customers. The amount and timing of the utility's capital expenditures is affected by many factors such as the approvals of the CPUC, FERC, and other regulatory agencies, the volume of new customer connections, and the occurrence of storms that cause outages or damages to the utility's infrastructure. The utility's operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and permits relating to the protection of the environment and the safety and health of the utility's personnel and the public. The utility is legally responsible for remediating groundwater contamination caused by hexavalent chromium used in the past at the utility's natural gas compressor stations. The utility's ability to recover its costs of providing gas transmission and storage service will be affected by the outcome of the 2015 GT&S rate case and future GT&S rate cases. The utility's continued use of regulatory accounting under GAAP depends on its ability to recover its cost of service. The utility's ability to recover its costs of providing gas transmission and storage service will be affected by the outcome of the 2015 GT&S rate case and future GT&S rate cases. The utility's cash flows from financing activities are impacted by the conditions in the capital markets and the maturity date of existing debt instruments. The utility's credit ratings may be affected by the ultimate outcome of the pending enforcement and litigation matters. The utility's ability to access capital markets and other sources of debt and equity financing in a timely manner on acceptable terms is crucial for maintaining its operations and funding its capital expenditures. The utility's information technology, operating systems, and networks, including the advanced metering system infrastructure, customer billing, financial, and other systems, must continue to function accurately while meeting regulatory requirements. The utility's security measures must protect against unauthorized or inadvertent disclosure of information contained in such systems and networks, and the utility must continue to rely on third-party vendors and contractors that maintain and support some of the utility's operating systems.