The firm’s IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. Our business discussion focuses on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investments, which are essential for managing risks and achieving growth. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of market opportunities presented during the year, addressing unit outages and balancing fuel availability and price volatility. Our strategic initiatives include growing utility operations through continued investment in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects and maintaining a reliable generation fleet with the flexibility to respond to market volatility. The investments made have altered the business mix of our overall results of operations, reflecting a higher percentage contribution by our regulated utility. We continue to advocate for policies that promote fair and efficient electricity markets, which is critical in our pursuit of operational excellence. Our business plan seeks to achieve growth while managing risks, and we continue to focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. The regulatory and political uncertainty regarding future energy policy, design of energy and capacity markets, and environmental regulation presents challenges that we must navigate. We also monitor significant regulatory and legislative developments that could impact our business, particularly in transmission planning and wholesale power market design. Our operational excellence is predicated on a solid balance sheet, positive cash flow, and reasonable risk-adjusted returns on increased investment. We utilize rigorous investment criteria when deploying capital and seek to invest in areas that complement our existing business and provide reasonable risk-adjusted returns. Our future success will depend on our ability to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-moving economy and a cost-constrained environment, to capitalize on regulatory and legislative developments, and to respond to challenges effectively. We have begun work in our gas and electric distribution systems to improve resiliency, which is critical for maintaining reliability in service provision. Our capital investment program, including our energy strong program, is designed to enhance the resiliency of our infrastructure while maintaining service reliability. The flexibility of our generating fleet and our diverse fuel mix enable us to respond effectively to market conditions. We expect our capital requirements to be met through internally generated cash flows and external financing, which will support our ongoing investments in technology and infrastructure. The integration of technology into our operations is essential for optimizing performance and achieving our strategic objectives. Our commitment to operational excellence and disciplined investment will drive our ability to leverage IT capabilities in support of our business strategies and work processes.