Our management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition. These indicators include growth in volume, revenue, organic revenue, operating profit, and return on invested capital (ROIC). We continued to increase our investment in global research and development, which accounted for 9% of our net revenue in 2014, up from approximately 8% since 2012. We also focused on productivity and lowering the cost base over the long term by utilizing our global scale, eliminating duplication, deploying new technologies, and capitalizing on everyday opportunities to lower our cost base. Our productivity initiatives are expected to extend annual savings of $1 billion from 2015 through 2019, focusing on increasing automation in our operations to reduce costs and increase capacity, expanding shared services, and optimizing our distribution network. Digital technology continues to change the retail landscape and the way in which we interact with retailers, shoppers, and consumers. To help retailers navigate this changing landscape, we plan on increasing our e-commerce presence, developing tailored customer strategies, and utilizing the size and scale of our distribution system. We believe that continued consumer focus on health and wellness and changes in consumer and distribution channels will provide us with new opportunities to expand our product offerings and interact with our customers and consumers. Our strategic resource allocation is designed to address key challenges facing our company, including uncertain macroeconomic conditions and evolving consumer tastes and preferences. We are focused on systematically developing the functional, technical, and leadership skills we need for sustainable long-term performance. Our commitment to innovation is evident as we engage in a variety of research and development activities to drive growth globally, including the development of new ingredients and products and improvements in packaging technology. We also emphasize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We continue to enhance our organizational capabilities through investments in technology management and process optimization. Our risk management framework includes leveraging an integrated risk management approach to identify, assess, prioritize, and address our top strategic, financial, operating, and compliance risks. We believe that effective internal controls and governance practices are essential for maintaining the integrity of our financial reporting and operational effectiveness. Our focus on performance with purpose aims to deliver top-tier financial performance while creating sustainable growth and shareholder value. We are committed to providing timely, accurate, and understandable information to investors, which encompasses maintaining strong controls over financial reporting and engaging in rigorous oversight of our business results and strategies.