We continue to focus on expense management while investing in technology and business infrastructure and streamlining our processes. Our ability to utilize technology to develop and deliver products and services to our customers and protect PNC's systems and customer information is critical. We are also working to build a stronger residential mortgage banking business with the goal of becoming the provider of choice for our customers. Our strategies for growing fee income across our lines of business are focused on achieving deeper market penetration and cross-selling our diverse product mix. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, fee-based, and credit products and services. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships that meet our risk/return measures. PNC is focused on transforming our retail banking business to a more customer-centric and sustainable model while lowering delivery costs as customer banking preferences evolve. We expect to face further increased regulation of our industry as a result of Dodd-Frank as well as other current and future initiatives intended to enhance the regulation of financial services companies, the stability of the financial system, the protection of consumers and investors, and the liquidity and solvency of financial institutions and markets. We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our corporate responsibility to the communities where we do business. Our capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic uncertainty and the Basel III framework, and return excess capital to shareholders. We continue to maintain a strong capital position and expect to build capital through retention of future earnings net of dividend payments and share repurchases. Our success will depend upon, among other things, focused execution of strategic priorities for organic customer growth opportunities, further success in growing profitability through the acquisition and retention of customers and deepening relationships, and our ability to effectively manage PNC's balance sheet and generate net interest income. We are also working to bolster our critical infrastructure and streamline our core processes. The impact of the extensive reforms enacted in the Dodd-Frank legislation and other legislative, regulatory, and administrative initiatives and actions is expected to influence our operational flexibility and strategic decisions. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment is essential. We are committed to improving our overall asset quality and maintaining and growing our deposit base as a low-cost funding source. Our investment in technology is aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting our business transformation efforts. We have established a comprehensive risk management framework to identify, measure, and manage risks, including technology risk management, which is crucial for ensuring secure and compliant IT systems in support of our business strategies and goals. The management of technology risk is embedded into the culture and decision-making processes of PNC, and we actively monitor and assess emerging technology risks to verify their potential impact on our overall risk profile.