A significant portion of management's time is devoted to maximizing cash flows from existing self-storage facilities, as well as seeking additional investments in self-storage facilities. We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet such challenges effectively. Our evaluation that we have met the REIT requirements could be incorrect, because compliance with the tax rules requires factual determinations, and circumstances we have not identified could result in noncompliance with the tax requirements in current or prior years. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure will result in newly acquired facilities stabilizing at a higher level of net operating income than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for these newly acquired facilities to reach stabilization, and the ultimate levels of net operating income to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. We expect the non-same store facilities to continue to provide earnings growth during 2015 as these facilities approach stabilized occupancy levels and the earnings of the 2014 acquisitions are reflected in our operations for a longer period in 2015 as compared to 2014. Our self-storage operations are analyzed in two groups: the same store facilities, representing the facilities that we have owned and operated on a stabilized basis since January 1, 2012, and all other facilities, which are newly acquired, newly developed, or recently expanded facilities. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows. The increases in realized rent per occupied square foot were due primarily to annual rent increases given to tenants that have been renting with us longer than one year, and to a lesser extent, increased move-in rates in 2014 as compared to 2013, and reduced promotional discounts given to new tenants in 2013 as compared to 2012. We believe that our centralized information networks and operational capabilities are critical in enhancing our competitive position and supporting our business strategies. Our future rental growth will also be dependent upon many factors for each market that we operate in, including demand for self-storage space, the level of competitor supply of self-storage space, and the average length of stay of our tenants. We expect continued increases in tenant insurance revenues in 2015 as the tenant insurance revenues with respect to the facilities we acquired in 2014 are reflected for a full year, combined with the acquisition of additional facilities in 2015. We may also redeem outstanding preferred securities in 2015 totaling $270 million. Our consistent, long-term dividend policy has been to distribute only our taxable income. Future quarterly distributions with respect to the common shares will continue to be determined based upon our REIT distribution requirements after taking into consideration distributions to the preferred shareholders and will be funded with cash provided by operating activities. We believe that our net cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing requirements for operating expenses, capital improvements, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future.