The services we provide include the design, installation, upgrade, repair and maintenance of infrastructure within each of the industries we serve, such as electric power transmission and distribution networks, substation facilities, renewable energy facilities, pipeline transmission and distribution systems and facilities, and infrastructure services for the offshore and inland water energy markets. Our integrated operations and common administrative support at each of our operating units require that certain allocations, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, such as facility costs, indirect operating expenses including depreciation, and general and administrative costs, be made to determine operating segment profitability. We also own fiber optic telecommunications infrastructure in select markets and license the right to use these point-to-point fiber optic telecommunications facilities to customers. We believe market opportunities exist for lit services that will enable us to leverage capacities of our dark fiber networks, as well as providing other attractive growth opportunities. Recent investments, acquisitions and divestitures during 2014 enabled us to further enhance our electric power and oil and gas infrastructure service offerings in the United States and Canada and expand our capabilities in Australia to include electric power infrastructure service offerings. The aggregate consideration paid for these acquisitions consisted of approximately $284.3 million in cash, 686,382 shares of common stock and 3,825,971 exchangeable shares of Canadian subsidiaries that are exchangeable on a one-for-one basis for common stock. We anticipate that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, existing borrowing capacity under our credit facility, and our future cash flows from operations will provide sufficient funds to enable us to meet our future operating needs and our planned capital expenditures, as well as facilitate our ability to grow in the foreseeable future. Our industry is capital intensive, and we expect the need for substantial capital expenditures to continue into the foreseeable future to meet the anticipated demand for our services. We continue to evaluate opportunities for strategic acquisitions from time to time that may require cash, as well as opportunities to make investments in customer-sponsored projects where we anticipate performing services such as project management, engineering, procurement or construction services. We believe that, at a minimum, medium and long-term production of oil from North American unconventional shale formations and the Canadian oil sands will continue, which will create demand for our infrastructure services over time. We believe that our financial and operational strengths will enable us to manage these challenges and uncertainties, and we remain optimistic about our near-term and long-term opportunities. We expect 2015 capital expenditures to be funded substantially through internal cash flows, cash on hand and borrowings under our credit facility. We also believe that additional attractive acquisition candidates exist primarily as a result of the highly fragmented nature of the industry, the inability of many companies to expand and modernize due to capital constraints, and the desire of owners for liquidity. We are also experiencing an increase in demand for our natural gas distribution services as a result of continuing improvement in economic conditions and lower natural gas prices. We believe there are significant mainline pipe opportunities in Australia driven by the production of coal seam gas for LNG export. We believe that we are well-positioned to capitalize upon opportunities and trends in the industries we serve because of our full-service operations with broad geographic reach, our financial strength and our technical expertise.