The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. Our ability to continue to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a significant portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the net sales of our marketed products, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations with Sanofi and Bayer Healthcare, including our share of collaboration profits or losses from sales of commercialized products and the amount of reimbursement of our research and development expenses that we receive from collaborators. We prepare estimates of research and development costs for projects in clinical development, which include direct costs and allocations of certain costs such as indirect labor, non-cash compensation expense, and manufacturing and other costs related to activities that benefit multiple projects, and, under our collaborations with Bayer Healthcare and Sanofi, the portion of Bayer Healthcare and Sanofi's development expenses which they incur and we are obligated to reimburse. Our estimates of research and development costs for clinical development programs are shown below. The increase in our operating expenses is also attributable to higher information technology and facility-related costs at our Tarrytown and Rensselaer, New York sites. We manufacture commercial supplies of product for our collaborators. Cost of collaboration manufacturing increased primarily due to royalties payable to Genentech, which commenced in May 2013 pursuant to the license and settlement agreement in connection with sales of Eylea outside the United States. We are obligated to reimburse Bayer Healthcare out of our share of the collaboration profits for 50% of the agreed-upon development expenses that Bayer Healthcare has incurred in accordance with a formula based on the amount of development expenses that Bayer Healthcare has incurred and our share of the collaboration profits. Our contingent reimbursement obligation to Bayer Healthcare for Eylea was approximately $263 million as of December 31, 2014. We expect that, for the foreseeable future, our share of profits from sales of Eylea outside the United States will be used to reimburse our collaborators for these obligations. The amount we need to fund operations will depend on various factors, including revenues from net product sales, the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates and new indications for our marketed products, and the timing thereof, the status of competitive products, the success of our research and development programs, and the continuation, extent, and success of our collaborations with Sanofi and Bayer Healthcare. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities, capital expenditures, costs related to the preparation for potential commercialization of our late-stage antibody product candidates, and commercialization of Eylea. We believe that our existing capital resources, funds generated by anticipated Eylea net product sales, and funding for reimbursement of development costs that we are entitled to receive under our collaboration agreements will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future.