We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both additions to existing businesses and new strategic platforms. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management, which discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. Our management believes the positions we have taken with regard to uncertainties are reasonable, but acknowledges that others might reach different conclusions. We regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. The returns and other sales credit allowance is an estimate of customer returns, exchanges, discounts or other forms of anticipated concessions and is treated as a reduction in revenue. Our expense for warranty obligations was less than 1% of net sales for each of the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012. Revenues related to the use of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting are dependent on total costs incurred compared with total estimated costs for a project, which is primarily used for major turn-key, longer term toll and traffic and energy projects and installations of large software application projects. We expect the effective tax rate to increase in 2015 due to a continued increase in revenues and resulting pretax income in higher tax jurisdictions. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. Although our forecasts are based on assumptions that are considered reasonable by management and consistent with the plans and estimates management is using to operate the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment in determining the expected results attributable to the reporting units. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facilities will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements and future acquisition activities. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. We expect existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by our U.S. operations, our unsecured credit facility, as well as our expected ability to access the capital markets, will be sufficient to fund operating requirements in the U.S. for the foreseeable future. Our medical and scientific imaging segment reported a significant increase in net sales, which was due to increased sales in our medical businesses. Our RF technology segment experienced strong internal growth throughout the year, and we expect capital expenditures as a percentage of sales to be between 1.0% and 1.5% of annual net sales. The increase in orders was due to internal growth and orders from acquisitions which added to our overall performance. We include in backlog only orders that are expected to be recognized as revenue within twelve months. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 was primarily due to increased earnings net of intangible amortization related to acquisitions.