Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. Our capital expenditures include costs to build or expand distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. We are forecasting approximately $450 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2015 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new Ross and dd's discounts stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. Our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, and we expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. We regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns. We have a $101.7 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits that is included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Our merchandise inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We purchase manufacturer overruns and canceled orders both during and at the end of a season which are referred to as "packaway" inventory. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to the company's store merchandise assortment plans. Our existing $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility expires in June 2017 and contains a $300 million sublimit for issuance of standby letters of credit. We estimate that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months. The increases in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 were primarily due to increases in our capital expenditures. Our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below: total capital expenditures $646.7 $550.5 $424.4. We cannot be sure that the gross profit margins realized in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 will continue in future years. We also use cash to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program and to pay dividends. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 will be between 37% and 38%.