The following summary of our financial condition and results of operations is qualified in its entirety by the more complete discussion contained in this item 7 and by the risk factors set forth in item 1a of this annual report. We provide software and hardware used to develop the electronic systems that incorporate chips and the software that runs on them. We are also a leading provider of software tools that developers use to improve the quality, security, and time-to-market of software code in a wide variety of industries, including electronics, financial services, energy, and industrials. Our business outlook remains solid based on our leading technology, customer relationships, business model, diligent expense management, and acquisition strategy. We believe that these factors will help us continue to successfully execute our strategies. The acquisition of Coverity has enabled us to enter into a new, growing market dedicated to helping companies deliver better software faster, by finding software code defects as the code is being developed rather than at the end of the process. We believe the Coverity acquisition has expanded our total addressable market. Our revenues are subject to fluctuations, primarily due to customer requirements, including payment terms and the timing and value of contract renewals. The overall growth of our business has been the primary driver of the increase in our revenue. Our revenues are subject to fluctuations, primarily due to customer requirements, including payment terms and the timing and value of contract renewals. We allocate certain human resource programs, information technology, and facility expenses among our functional income statement categories based on headcount within each functional area. We divide cost of revenue into three categories: cost of license revenue, cost of maintenance and service revenue, and amortization of intangible assets. We segregate expenses directly associated with consulting and training services from cost of license revenue associated with internal functions providing license delivery and post-customer contract support services. The increase in research and development expense was primarily due to increases in personnel-related costs and functionally allocated expenses, as a result of headcount increases primarily from our acquisitions. We recognize revenue from maintenance arrangements ratably over the maintenance period to the extent cash has been received or fees become due and payable, and recognize revenue from professional services and training fees as such services are performed and accepted by the customer. Our customer arrangements are complex, involving hundreds of products and various license rights, and our customers bargain with us over many aspects of these arrangements. We compete on all fronts to serve customers in a highly competitive EDA market. The sequential increase in total revenue from fiscal 2012 through fiscal 2014 was due to our organic growth and revenues from acquired companies. The increases were primarily in time-based license revenue. As our sales of hardware and perpetual licenses to IP and software solutions products grow, we expect upfront license revenue to increase as a percentage of total revenue, but remain consistent with our business model in which approximately 90% of our total revenue consists of time-based revenue. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit under our revolver will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next twelve months and the foreseeable future. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by higher cash collections, which were partially offset by higher disbursements for operations, including vendors. We recognize revenue from our software license arrangements, and our maintenance and service revenue consists of maintenance fees associated with perpetual and term software licenses and professional services fees. We derive revenue primarily from our software license arrangements, and the overall growth of our business has been the primary driver of the increase in our revenue.