We are a leading benchmarks & ratings, analytics, data and research provider serving the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: standard & poor's ratings services, s&p capital iq, s&p dow jones indices and commodities & commercial. S&P Capital IQ's portfolio of capabilities are designed to help the financial community track performance, generate better investment returns, identify new trading and investment ideas, perform risk analysis, and develop mitigation strategies. S&P Capital IQ includes a product suite that provides data, analytics, and third-party research for global finance professionals, which includes the S&P Capital IQ desktop and integrated bulk data feeds that can be customized. The revenue growth at S&P Capital IQ was primarily driven by increases in average contract values for each product, with new customer relationships and increases for existing accounts being significant contributors. Additionally, the number of users on the S&P Capital IQ desktop continued to grow, benefiting from a higher customer retention rate compared to previous years. Our strategy includes driving global growth by focusing on customers and innovation, while also striving to boost operational excellence, productivity, risk management, and compliance. In 2014, we continued to execute our strategy of exiting non-core assets while investing for growth in markets that have size and scale. The C&C segment is driven by the need for high-value information and transparency in various industries, seeking to deliver premier content that is deeply embedded in customer workflows and decision-making processes. We expect to continue to invest in digital capabilities that will enable our brands to compete more effectively in the marketplace and create a foundation for the development of new products and revenue streams. The segment expects to further expand its presence in selected markets and geographies to help drive growth. Our IT capabilities have become a key in transforming the firm into a competitive force, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We have streamlined our infrastructure by reducing our real estate footprint and consolidating our corporate headquarters. The growth in revenue at S&P DJ Indices was primarily driven by higher average levels of assets under management for ETFs and mutual funds, as well as higher volumes for exchange-traded derivatives. Additionally, the segment will seek to diversify its portfolio of index offerings through asset class expansion, new geographies, and investment strategies. The financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the United States and abroad, which could impact our operations and the markets in which we operate. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow expected from operations, and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital, and debt service. Our cash flow provided by operating activities increased significantly, reflecting improved collections and operational performance. The integration and evolution of our assets and capabilities into one scaled business that offers unique, high-value offerings across all asset classes is a priority for future growth.