The commercial aerospace industry, including the aftermarket and OEM market, is impacted by the health of the global economy and geopolitical events around the world. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our management team has significant experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. We provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft to which we supply aftermarket products. The commercial aftermarket key growth factors include worldwide revenue passenger miles and the size and activity level of the worldwide fleet of aircraft. Our presence in both the commercial aerospace and military sectors of the aerospace industry may mitigate the impact on our business of any specific industry risk. The commercial transport market sector continued to grow during 2014, and we have been experiencing increased sales in the large commercial OEM sector driven by an increase in production by major manufacturers. We have a history of making reasonably dependable estimates of allowances for doubtful accounts based on the aging of the accounts receivable and customer creditworthiness. The determination of the amount of the allowance for doubtful accounts is subject to significant levels of judgment and estimation by management. We continually evaluate our debt facilities to assess whether they most efficiently and effectively meet the current and future needs of our business. The company has not, at this time, determined to change the nature of its debt facilities. However, in the future, the company may increase its borrowings in connection with acquisitions, if cash flow from operations becomes insufficient to fund current operations or for other short-term cash needs. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the then-current conditions of the credit markets. The company expects its capital expenditures in fiscal 2015 to be between $60 million and $65 million. The 2014 credit facility permits, among other things, the payment of a special dividend to the holders of our common stock, the issuance of new notes, and the incurrence of certain new tranche D term loans. The terms and conditions that apply to the tranche D term loans are substantially the same as the terms and conditions that apply to the other term loans under the 2014 credit facility. The company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness on or before maturity. The company may also need to raise additional capital, particularly if it accelerates its growth plans or consummates acquisitions. The company generated $541.2 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2014 compared to $470.2 million during fiscal 2013. The net increase was due primarily to an increase in income from operations offset by higher interest payments due to the company's current debt structure. The company uses the proceeds from the securitization program as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs.