In 2014, we recorded $191 million of pretax data breach-related expenses and $46 million of expected insurance proceeds, for net expenses of $145 million. These expenses included an accrual for estimated probable losses for what we believe to be the vast majority of actual and potential breach-related claims, including claims by the payment card networks. The increase in 2014 sales reflects a 1.3 percent increase in comparable sales and the contribution from new stores. The sales decline in 2013 reflected the impact of an additional week in 2012 and a decline in comparable sales, partially offset by the contribution from new stores. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. This policy allows investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments that mature in 60 days or less. We also place dollar limits on our investments in individual funds or instruments. Our capital expenditures decreased in 2014 from the prior year due to fewer remodels and new stores, partially offset by technology investments to support our omnichannel efforts and security enhancements. We expect approximately $2.1 billion of capital expenditures in 2015, reflecting our focus on becoming a leading omnichannel retailer through investments in technology and supply chain, elevating signature categories and opening new stores, including urban formats. We believe that our exit from Canada will increase our after-tax cash flows beginning in 2015. Our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance and maintaining strong debt ratings. Our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets, to manage our net exposure to floating interest rate volatility and to maintain a balanced spectrum of debt maturities. We monitor the percentage of sales that are paid for using redcards because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our redcards are also incremental sales for Target. We believe that it is reasonably possible that future changes to our estimates of loss and the ultimate amount paid on these claims could be material to our results of operations in future periods. We have recognized a tax benefit of $1.6 billion in discontinued operations, which primarily relates to the loss on our investment in Canada and includes other tax benefits resulting from certain asset write-offs and liabilities paid or accrued to facilitate the liquidation. Our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity. We believe that the amounts accrued are appropriate; however, our liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences or loss developments differ from our assumptions. We have realized the majority of these tax benefits in the first quarter of 2015 and expect to realize substantially all of the remainder in 2015. Our capital expenditures related to our discontinued Canadian operations were $228 million, $1,567 million, and $932 million for 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. We believe that our exit from Canada will increase our after-tax cash flows beginning in 2015. Our ultimate cash recovery on these claims is subject to the final liquidation value of the Canada subsidiaries and could vary materially from our estimates. We expect to incur severance, legal and professional services expenses associated with our Canadian exit. We will recognize these expenses within discontinued operations as services are received and liabilities are incurred.