The company develops, manufactures, and sells a broad range of products that are sold worldwide, expanding its product lines and services by developing and commercializing its own technologies and making strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses. The company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions, such as its acquisition of Life Technologies, which was integrated into the Life Sciences Solutions segment, providing innovative products and services to customers conducting scientific research and genetic analysis. The company's references to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its practical process improvement business system, reduced costs resulting from global sourcing initiatives, and a lower cost structure following restructuring actions. The increase in operating income and operating income margin was primarily due to net gains on the sale of businesses, inclusion of Life Technologies' results from the date of acquisition, and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. The company evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits, including costs arising from facility consolidations and gains and losses from the sale of real estate and product lines. The company expects the segment's operating income margin in the first quarter of 2015 will be lower than the previous year due to excluding the results of Life Technologies prior to the acquisition date. The company incurred cash restructuring costs primarily associated with the Life Technologies acquisition, including cash compensation to monetize certain equity awards held by Life Technologies employees at the date of acquisition and severance obligations to former executives and employees. The restructuring projects for which charges were incurred in 2014 are expected to result in annual cost savings, including significant contributions from the Life Sciences Solutions segment. The company believes that its existing cash and short-term investments, along with future cash flow from operations and available borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company's effective tax rate was favorably affected by adjustments to deferred tax balances due to changes in tax rates and restructuring costs associated with the acquisition of Life Technologies. The company has operations in numerous countries and is subject to various tax jurisdictions, which could impact its income tax provision and net income. The company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to pay amounts due, and estimates the amount of customer receivables that are uncollectible based on various factors. The company reviews long-lived assets for impairment when indications of potential impairment exist, and estimates of future cash flows require assumptions related to revenue and operating income growth. The company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when events occur that may reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. The company has recorded liabilities for known indemnifications included as part of environmental liabilities and does not expect any material adverse liquidity effects from its significant non-U.S. cash balances for the foreseeable future. The company has identified restructuring actions that will result in additional charges and expects to identify further actions during 2015, which will be recorded when specified criteria are met.