We design, develop, manufacture and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, advanced electric vehicle powertrain components and stationary energy storage applications. Our research and development (R&D) expenses for the year ended December 31, 2014, were $464.7 million, an increase from $232.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, reflecting our engineering work on Model X as well as development work on our dual motor powertrain and other development programs including localization efforts for foreign markets. We are continuing to develop our Model X crossover vehicle and intend to commence customer deliveries in the third quarter of 2015. Our ability to launch the Model X program on time and cost efficiently is dependent upon a variety of factors, including completion of production tooling, supplier readiness, engineering completion and the successful completion of our validation testing. We expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles and improve our gross margin. Significant cost improvements for Model S were achieved in 2013 and 2014, including part cost reductions as well as manufacturing efficiencies. We expect that this trend will continue as we execute on our roadmap. Our capital expenditures and operating expenses significantly increased in 2014 as we continue to invest in the long-term growth of Tesla, with capital spending expected to be about $1.5 billion as we expand production capacity, complete Model X development, and invest in the Gigafactory, our stores and service centers. We also plan to grow our supercharger network by over 50% this year as well as continue other product development programs, including Model 3. Our operating expenses will continue to grow in 2015, but at less than half the pace of growth in 2014, or approximately 45% to 50% annualized. Our SG&A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2014, were $603.7 million, an increase from $285.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily due to higher headcount and costs to support an expanded retail, service and supercharger footprint as well as the general growth of the business. We are developing the Tesla Gigafactory, a facility where we intend to work together with our suppliers to integrate battery precursor material, cell, module and battery pack production in one location. Construction continued during the end of 2014 at an accelerated pace with first cells expected to be produced in 2016 for use in Model S and Model X. We anticipate bringing on additional partners for the Gigafactory to create a fully integrated industrial complex. Our ability to achieve significant efficiencies in Model S production and begin production of Model X is critical to meet future delivery targets. We expect our long-term sales outside of North America will increase to almost half of our worldwide automotive sales. We collect deposits from customers at the time they place an order for a vehicle, and customer deposits related to Model X still represent fully refundable reservations. As of December 31, 2014, we held $257.6 million in customer deposits. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as manufacturing, research and development and selling, general and administrative. Our operating cash inflows include cash from sales of our Model S, customer deposits for Model S and Model X, sales of regulatory credits, cash from the provision of development services, and sales of powertrain components and systems. We expect that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, will provide us with adequate liquidity over the next 12 months based on our current plans.