The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. In 2015, we will continue to add resources to support growth, improve service, and replenish our surge capability. Our capital plan for 2015 is expected to be approximately $4.3 billion, including expenditures for positive train control (PTC) and 218 locomotives. Significant investments in technology improvements are planned, including approximately $450 million for PTC. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. Our operating ratio improved 2.6 points to a new record low of 63.5% in 2014 versus 2013, driven by core pricing, business demand, and productivity, which more than offset the incremental operating costs associated with volume, a slower network, weather, and inflation. We believe free cash flow is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financings. The following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (GAAP measure) to free cash flow (non-GAAP measure). We expect to fund our 2015 cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. Our liquidity and capital resources as of December 31, 2014, included cash, cash equivalents, our receivables securitization facility, and our revolving credit facility, as well as the availability of commercial paper and other sources of financing through the capital markets. We had $1.7 billion of committed credit available under our credit facility, with no borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2014. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through any or all of the following sources or activities: increasing the size or utilization of our receivables securitization, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. We monitor the ratio of adjusted debt to capital as we manage our capital structure to balance cost-effective and efficient access to the capital markets with our overall cost of capital. Our revolving credit facility supports our outstanding commercial paper balances, and our aggregate issuance of commercial paper will not exceed the amount of borrowings available under the facility. We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations, and we have identified 270 sites at which we are or may be liable for remediation costs associated with alleged contamination or for violations of environmental requirements. We perform, with the assistance of our consultants, environmental assessments on the property. We accrue the cost of remediation where our obligation is probable and such costs can be reasonably estimated.