In 2014, the continued deployment of technology improvements, including several facility automation projects and the accelerated deployment of our on-road integrated optimization and navigation system, should increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility, and reliability. We have continued to adjust our transportation network and utilize new or expanded operating facilities to improve time-in-transit for shipments in each region. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to changing trends. We have continued to undertake several initiatives to improve the flexibility and capacity in our delivery network, improve yield management, and increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. The growth in business-to-consumer shipments, which represent more than 45% of total U.S. domestic package volume, grew 12% for the year and drove increases in both air and ground shipments. Demand for surepost and our traditional residential products continues to be driven by business-to-consumer shipping activity from e-commerce retailers and other large customers. The increased use of omni-channel retailing by customers is positively impacting volume growth for both our residential and commercial ground products. We have continued to adjust our air and ground networks to better match higher volume levels, utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery efficiency, and benefit from improved pick-up and delivery densities. The combination of these factors allowed us to process increased volume at a faster rate than the increase in average daily aircraft block hours and vehicle miles driven. The adjustments in our transportation network and the utilization of technology have been essential in enhancing our operational flexibility and efficiency. Our investments in technology and infrastructure have been aimed at improving our capabilities to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands, thereby enhancing our competitive positioning. The ongoing transformation of our business processes through technology deployment has been critical in maintaining our market agility and operational effectiveness. The strategic resource allocation towards technology improvements has facilitated better management of our operational costs and has contributed to performance gains across our segments. The integration of advanced technology systems has also improved our information management capabilities, ensuring timely and reliable data provision to support decision-making processes. As we continue to navigate the challenges posed by the evolving business environment, our focus on enhancing IT capabilities remains pivotal in driving our organizational transformation and achieving long-term business value. The emphasis on technology functionalities and the strategic alignment of our IT resources with business needs has positioned us to leverage actionable investments that contribute to our overall performance outcomes.