We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and utilizing our low cost-of-capital to invest in growing markets, including the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Marcellus shale, the Gulf Coast region, the Canadian oil sands, and areas of increasing natural gas demand. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We believe that we have successfully positioned our energy infrastructure businesses for future growth. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas, natural gas products, and crude oil that exists in North America. We seek to accomplish this through further developing our scale positions in current key markets and basins and entering new growth markets and basins where we can become the large-scale service provider. We continue to manage expenditures as appropriate without compromising safety and compliance. Our planned consolidated capital investments for 2015 total between $3.96 billion and $4.59 billion. We expect to maintain an attractive cost of capital and reliable access to capital markets, both of which will allow us to pursue development projects and acquisitions. Our business plan for 2015 continues to reflect both significant capital investment and continued dividend growth as compared to 2014. We anticipate that overall producer drilling economics will decrease slightly, which may reduce our gathering volumes available for both fee-based and keep-whole processing. We expect an increase in overall results for Access Midstream in 2015 compared to 2014 associated with a full year of consolidated results. Our ongoing major expansion projects include the expansion of our processing capacity at our Oak Grove facility and the expansion of the gathering system in the Susquehanna supply hub in northeastern Pennsylvania that is needed to meet our customer's production plans. We plan to file an application with the FERC in the second quarter of 2015 for approval of the Atlantic Sunrise expansion project, which involves an expansion of Transco's existing natural gas transmission system along with greenfield facilities to provide firm transportation from the northeastern Marcellus producing area to markets along Transco's mainline. We plan to place the project into service during the second half of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and it is expected to increase capacity by 1,700 mdth/d. The merged partnership is expected to be self-funding through its cash flows from operations, its credit facilities and/or commercial paper program, and its access to capital markets. We believe we have, or have access to, the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet our requirements for working capital, capital and investment expenditures, dividends and distributions, debt service payments, and tax payments, while maintaining a sufficient level of liquidity. Our internal and external sources of consolidated liquidity include cash generated from operations, cash distributions from the merged partnership and our equity-method investees, and cash proceeds from issuances of debt and/or equity securities. We continue to address risks through disciplined investment strategies, sufficient liquidity from cash and cash equivalents, and available capacity under our credit facilities. The rates established through the FERC's ratemaking process are subject to regulation, and changes in commodity prices and volumes transported have little near-term impact on revenues because the majority of cost of service is recovered through firm capacity reservation charges in transportation rates.