item 1a. risk factors factors that could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition are outlined below. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem insignificant may also impair our business or results of operations as they become known facts or as facts and circumstances change. any of the risks described below could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
insurance our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected by the occurrence of natural and man-made disasters.
we have substantial exposure to losses resulting from natural disasters, man-made catastrophes such as terrorism or cyber-attack, and other catastrophic events, including pandemics. this could impact a variety of our businesses, including our commercial and personal lines, and life and a&h products. catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, typhoons, earthquakes, hailstorms, drought, explosions, severe winter weather, fires, war, acts of terrorism, nuclear accidents, political instability, and other natural or man-made disasters, including a global or other wide-impact pandemic or a significant cyber-attack. the incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and our losses from catastrophes could be substantial. in addition, climate conditions may be changing, primarily through changes in global temperatures, which may increase the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes and the resulting losses in the future. we cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions, if any, may have on our results of operations or our financial condition. additionally, we cannot predict how legal, regulatory and/or social responses to concerns around global climate change may impact our business. the occurrence of claims from catastrophic events could result in substantial volatility in our results of operations or financial condition for any fiscal quarter or year. the historical incidence for events such as earthquakes, pandemics and cyber-attacks is infrequent and may not be representative of contemporary exposures and risks. as an example, increases in the values and concentrations of insured property may increase the severity of these occurrences in the future. although we attempt to manage our exposure to such events through the use of underwriting controls, risk models, and the purchase of third-party reinsurance, catastrophic events are inherently unpredictable and the actual nature of such events when they occur could be more frequent or severe than contemplated in our pricing and risk management expectations. as a result, the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
if actual claims exceed our loss reserves, our financial results could be adversely affected.
our results of operations and financial condition depend upon our ability to accurately assess the potential losses associated with the risks that we insure and reinsure. we establish reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses, which are estimates of future payments of reported and unreported claims for losses and related expenses, with respect to insured events that have occurred at or prior to the balance sheet date. the process of establishing reserves can be highly complex and is subject to considerable variability as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments.
actuarial staff in each of our segments analyze insurance reserves and regularly evaluate the levels of loss reserves. any such evaluations could result in future changes in estimates of losses or reinsurance recoverables and would be reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. losses and loss expenses are charged to income as incurred. during the loss settlement period, which can be many years in duration for some of our lines of business, additional facts regarding individual claims and trends often will become known which may result in a change in overall reserves. in addition, application of statistical and actuarial methods may require the adjustment of overall reserves upward or downward from time to time.
included in our loss reserves are liabilities for latent claims such as a&e, which are principally related to claims arising from remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites and bodily-injury claims related to exposure to asbestos products and environmental hazards. at december 31, 2014, gross a&e liabilities represented approximately 4.4 percent of our loss reserves. the estimation of these liabilities is subject to many complex variables including: the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which they have no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to non-products coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and, the potential liability of peripheral defendants. accordingly, the ultimate settlement of losses, arising from either latent or non-latent causes may be significantly greater or less than the loss and loss expense reserves held at the balance sheet date. in particular the amount and timing of the settlement of our p&c liabilities are not determinate and our actual payments
19
could be higher than contemplated in our loss reserves owing to the impact of insurance, judicial and/or social inflation. if our loss reserves are inadequate, we may be required to increase loss reserves at the time of the determination and our net income and capital may be reduced.
the effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain.
as industry practices and legislative, regulatory, judicial, social, financial, technology and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. these issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency and severity of claims. in some instances, these changes may not become apparent until after we have issued insurance or reinsurance contracts that are affected by the changes. as a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance or reinsurance contracts may not be known for many years after issuance.
the failure of any of the loss limitation methods we use could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we seek to manage our loss exposure by maintaining a disciplined underwriting process throughout our insurance operations. we also look to limit our loss exposure by writing a number of our insurance and reinsurance contracts on an excess of loss basis. excess of loss insurance and reinsurance indemnifies the insured against losses in excess of a specified amount. in addition, we limit program size for each client and purchase third-party reinsurance for our own account. in the case of our assumed proportional reinsurance treaties, we seek per occurrence limitations or loss and loss expense ratio caps to limit the impact of losses ceded by the client. in proportional reinsurance, the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the premiums and losses of the reinsured. we also seek to limit our loss exposure by geographic diversification. geographic zone limitations involve significant underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone's limits. various provisions of our policies, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage or choice of forum negotiated to limit our risks, may not be enforceable in the manner we intend. as a result, one or more catastrophic or other events could result in claims that substantially exceed our expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we may be unable to purchase reinsurance, and if we successfully purchase reinsurance, we are subject to the possibility of non-payment.
we purchase protection from third parties including, but not limited to, reinsurance to protect against catastrophes and other sources of volatility, to increase the amount of protection we can provide our clients, and as part of our overall risk management strategy. our reinsurance business also purchases retrocessional protection which allows a reinsurer to cede to another company all or part of the reinsurance originally assumed by the reinsurer. a reinsurer's or retrocessionaire's insolvency or inability or unwillingness to make timely payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have an adverse effect on us because we remain liable to the insured. from time to time, market conditions have limited, and in some cases have prevented, insurers and reinsurers from obtaining the types and amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance that they consider adequate for their business needs.
there is no guarantee our desired amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance will be available in the marketplace in the future. in addition to capacity risk, the remaining capacity may not be on terms we deem appropriate or acceptable or with companies with whom we want to do business. finally, we face some degree of counterparty risk whenever we purchase reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance. consequently, the insolvency, inability, or unwillingness of any of our present or future reinsurers to make timely payments to us under the terms of our reinsurance or retrocessional agreements could have an adverse effect on us. at december 31, 2014, we had $12.0 billion of reinsurance recoverables, net of reserves for uncollectible recoverables.
certain active ace companies are primarily liable for a&e and other exposures they have reinsured to our inactive run-off company century indemnity company (century). at december 31, 2014, the aggregate reinsurance balances ceded by our active subsidiaries to century were approximately $1.1 billion. should century's loss reserves experience adverse development in the future and should century be placed into rehabilitation or liquidation, the reinsurance recoverables due from century to its affiliates would be payable only after the payment in full of certain expenses and liabilities, including administrative expenses and direct policy liabilities. thus, the intercompany reinsurance recoverables would be at risk to the extent of the shortage of assets remaining to pay these recoverables. while we believe the intercompany reinsurance recoverables from century are not impaired at this time, we cannot assure that adverse development with respect to century's loss reserves, if manifested, will not result in century's insolvency, which could result in our recognizing a loss to the extent of any uncollectible reinsurance from century. this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
20
our net income may be volatile because certain products sold by our life business expose us to reserve and fair value liability changes that are directly affected by market and other factors and assumptions.
our pricing, establishment of reserves for future policy benefits and valuation of life insurance and annuity products, including reinsurance programs, are based upon various assumptions, including but not limited to market changes, interest rates, mortality rates, morbidity rates, and policyholder behavior. the process of establishing reserves for future policy benefits relies on our ability to accurately estimate insured events that have not yet occurred but that are expected to occur in future periods.  significant deviations in actual experience from assumptions used for pricing and for reserves for future policy benefits could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products and our business.
under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, we assumed the risk of guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb) and guaranteed living benefits (glb) associated with variable annuity contracts. we ceased writing this business in 2007. our net income is directly impacted by changes in the reserves calculated in connection with the reinsurance of gmdb and glb liabilities. in addition, our net income is directly impacted by the change in the fair value of the glb liability. reported liabilities for both gmdb and glb reinsurance are determined using internal valuation models which require considerable judgment and are subject to significant uncertainty. refer to the "critical accounting estimates - guaranteed living benefits (glb) derivatives", under item 7 and "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - reinsurance of gmdb and glb guarantees", under item 7a for additional information on the assumptions used in this program. we view our variable annuity reinsurance business as having a similar risk profile to that of catastrophe reinsurance, with the probability of long-term economic loss relatively small at the time of pricing. adverse changes in market factors and policyholder behavior will have an impact on both life underwriting income and net income.
our exposure to counterparties in various industries, our reliance on brokers, and certain of our policies may subject us to credit risk.
we have exposure to counterparties through reinsurance and in various industries, including banks, hedge funds and other investment vehicles, and derivative transactions that expose us to credit risk in the event our counterparty fails to perform its obligations. we also have exposure to financial institutions in the form of secured and unsecured debt instruments and equity securities.
in accordance with industry practice, we generally pay amounts owed on claims to brokers who, in turn, remit these amounts to the insured or ceding insurer. although the law is unsettled and depends upon the facts and circumstances of the particular case, in some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, we might remain liable to the insured or ceding insurer for the deficiency. conversely, in certain jurisdictions, if the brokers do not remit premiums paid for these policies over to us, these premiums might be considered to have been paid and the insured or ceding insurer will no longer be liable to us for those amounts, whether or not we have actually received the premiums from the broker. consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with brokers with whom we transact business. however, due to the unsettled and fact-specific nature of the law, we are unable to quantify our exposure to this risk. to date, we have not experienced any material losses related to these credit risks.
under the terms of certain high-deductible policies which we offer, such as workers' compensation and general liability, our customers are responsible to reimburse us for an agreed-upon dollar amount per claim. in nearly all cases we are required under such policies to pay covered claims first, and then seek reimbursement for amounts within the applicable deductible from our customers. this obligation subjects us to credit risk from these customers. while we generally seek to mitigate this risk through collateral agreements and maintain a provision for uncollectible accounts associated with this credit exposure, an increased inability of customers to reimburse us in this context could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, a lack of credit available to our customers could impact our ability to collateralize this risk to our satisfaction, which in turn, could reduce the amount of high-deductible policies we could offer.
since we depend on a few brokers for a large portion of our revenues, loss of business provided by any one of them could adversely affect us.
we market our insurance and reinsurance worldwide primarily through insurance and reinsurance brokers. marsh, inc. and its affiliates provided approximately 10 percent of our gross premiums written in 2014. loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these brokers could have an adverse effect on our business.
financial our investment performance may affect our financial results and ability to conduct business.
our investment assets are invested by professional investment management firms under the direction of our management team in accordance with investment guidelines approved by the risk & finance committee of the board of directors. although our
21
investment guidelines stress diversification of risks and conservation of principal and liquidity, our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including inflation, monetary and fiscal policies, and domestic and international political conditions. the volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio would generally reduce our book value, and if significant, can affect our ability to conduct business.
volatility in interest rates could impact the performance of our investment portfolio which could have an adverse effect on our investment income and operating results. although we take measures to manage the risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we may not be able to effectively mitigate interest rate sensitivity. our mitigation efforts include maintaining a high quality portfolio of primarily fixed income investments with a relatively short duration to reduce the effect of interest rate changes on book value. a significant increase in interest rates would generally have an adverse effect on our book value. our life insurance investments typically focus on longer duration bonds to better match the obligations of this business. for the life business, policyholder behavior may be influenced by changing interest rate conditions and require a rebalancing of duration to effectively manage our asset/liability position.
our fixed income portfolio is primarily invested in high quality, investment-grade securities. a smaller portion of the portfolio, approximately 14 percent at december 31, 2014, is invested in below investment-grade securities. these securities, which pay a higher rate of interest, also have a higher degree of credit or default risk and may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. while we have put in place procedures to monitor the credit risk and liquidity of our invested assets, it is possible that, in periods of economic weakness (such as recession), we may experience credit or default losses in our portfolio, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
as a part of our ongoing analysis of our investment portfolio, we are required to assess whether the debt and equity securities we hold for which we have recorded an unrealized loss have been "other-than-temporarily impaired" under gaap, which implies an inability to recover the full economic benefits of these securities. refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. this analysis requires a high degree of judgment and requires us to make certain assessments about the potential for recovery of the assets we hold. declines in relevant stock and other financial markets, and other factors impacting the value of our investments, could result in impairments and could adversely affect our net income and other financial results.
we may require additional capital or financing sources in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms.
our future capital and financing requirements depend on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses, as well as our investment performance. we may need to raise additional funds through financings or access funds through existing or new credit facilities or through short-term repurchase agreements. we also from time to time seek to refinance debt or credit as amounts become due or commitments expire. any equity or debt financing or refinancing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us. in the case of equity financings, dilution to our shareholders could result, and in any case, such securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are senior to those of our common shares. our access to funds under existing credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, or at all, we could be forced to use assets otherwise available for our business operations, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we may be required to post additional collateral because of changes in our reinsurance liabilities to regulated insurance companies, or because of regulatory changes that affect our companies.
if our reinsurance liabilities increase, we may be required to post additional collateral for insurance company clients. in addition, regulatory changes sometimes affect our obligations to post collateral. the need to post this additional collateral, if significant enough, may require us to sell investments at a loss in order to provide securities of suitable credit quality or otherwise secure adequate capital at an unattractive cost. this could adversely impact our net income and liquidity and capital resources.
u.s. and global economic and financial industry events and their consequences could harm our business, our liquidity and financial condition, and our stock price.
the consequences of adverse global or regional market and economic conditions may affect (among other aspects of our business) the demand for and claims made under our products, the ability of customers, counterparties, and others to establish or maintain their relationships with us, our ability to access and efficiently use internal and external capital resources, the
22
availability of reinsurance protection, the risks we assume under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, and our investment performance. volatility in the u.s. and other securities markets may adversely affect our stock price.
a decline in our financial strength ratings could affect our standing among brokers and customers and cause our premiums and earnings to decrease. a decline in our debt ratings could increase our borrowing costs and impact our ability to access capital markets.
ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance and reinsurance companies. the objective of these rating systems is to provide an opinion of an insurer's financial strength and ability to meet ongoing obligations to its policyholders. a ratings downgrade could result in a substantial loss of business as insureds, ceding companies, and brokers move to other insurers and reinsurers with higher ratings. if one or more of our debt ratings were downgraded, we could also incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. additionally, we could be required to post collateral or be faced with the cancellation of policies and resulting premium in certain circumstances. we cannot give any assurance regarding whether or to what extent any of the rating agencies may downgrade our ratings in the future.
our ability to pay dividends and to make payments on indebtedness may be constrained by our holding company structure.
ace limited is a holding company and does not have any significant operations or assets other than its ownership of the shares of its operating insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries. dividends and other permitted distributions from our insurance subsidiaries are our primary source of funds to meet ongoing cash requirements, including any future debt service payments and other expenses, and to pay dividends to our shareholders. some of our insurance subsidiaries are subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends. the inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could have an adverse effect on our operations and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and/or meet our debt service obligations.
our operating results and shareholders' equity may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations.
our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar. in general, we match assets and liabilities in local currencies. where possible, capital levels in local currencies are limited to satisfy minimum regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations. the principal currencies creating foreign exchange risk are the british pound sterling, the brazilian real, the mexican peso, the euro, the canadian dollar, the korean won, the australian dollar, and the yen. at december 31, 2014, approximately 25.3 percent of our net assets were denominated in foreign currencies. we may experience losses resulting from fluctuations in the values of non-u.s. currencies, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
operational the regulatory and political regimes under which we operate, and their volatility, could have an adverse effect on our business.
our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business globally. our businesses in each jurisdiction are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision. the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled require, among other things, maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus, and liquidity; various solvency standards; and periodic examinations of subsidiaries' financial condition. in some jurisdictions, laws and regulations also restrict payments of dividends and reductions of capital. applicable statutes, regulations, and policies may also restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to write insurance and reinsurance policies, to make certain investments, and to distribute funds. the purpose of insurance laws and regulations generally is to protect policyholders and ceding insurance companies, not our shareholders. for example, some jurisdictions have enacted various consumer protection laws that make it more burdensome for insurance companies to sell policies and interact with customers in personal lines businesses. failure to comply with such regulations can lead to significant penalties and reputational injury. fines and penalties in the u.s. in particular have been trending upwards.
the foreign and u.s. federal and state laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations are complex and may increase the costs of regulatory compliance or subject our business to the possibility of regulatory actions or proceedings. laws and regulations not specifically related to the insurance industry include trade sanctions that relate to certain countries, anti-money laundering laws, and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act 2010, the anti-bribery provisions of the swiss penal code and similar local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials. the insurance industry is also affected by political, judicial, and legal developments that may create new and expanded regulations and theories of liability. the current economic climate and the recent financial crisis present additional uncertainties and risks relating to increased regulation and the potential for increased involvement of the u.s. and other governments in the financial services industry.
23
in addition, various legislative initiatives may impact the conduct of our business. for example, in the u.s., congress may make changes to the terrorism risk insurance program, which could have adverse effects on our business.
regulators in countries where we have operations are working with the international association of insurance supervisors (iais) to consider changes to insurance company supervision, including with respect to group supervision and solvency requirements. the iais is developing a common framework to supervise internationally active insurance groups, such as ace, known as com frame. as part of com frame, the iais has announced plans to develop an international capital standard for insurance groups. the details of com frame including this global capital standard and its applicability to ace are uncertain at this time. in addition, the european union (eu) is implementing a new capital and risk management regime known as solvency ii that would apply to our businesses across the eu, effective january 1, 2016. ace businesses are also subject to the requirements of the swiss financial market supervisory authority (finma) whose regulations include swiss solvency tests. there are also risk based capital requirements in the u.s. which are also subject to revision in response to global developments. while it is not certain how or if these actions will impact ace, we do not currently expect that our capital management strategies, results of operations and financial condition will be materially affected by these regulatory changes.
in the event or absence of changes in applicable laws and regulations in particular jurisdictions, we may from time to time face challenges, or changes in approach to oversight of our business from insurance or other regulators, including challenges resulting from requiring the use of information technology that cannot be quickly adjusted to address new regulatory requirements.
we may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain appropriate exemptions from, applicable statutes and regulations and any changes thereto, which could have an adverse effect on our business. failure to comply with or to obtain appropriate authorizations and/or exemptions under any applicable laws and regulations could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business and could subject us to fines and other sanctions.
our worldwide operations, particularly in developing nations expose us to global geopolitical developments that could have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition.
with operations in 54 countries, we provide insurance and reinsurance products and services to a diverse group of clients worldwide, including operations in various developing nations. both current and future foreign operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable geopolitical developments including law changes, tax changes, regulatory restrictions, government leadership changes, political events and upheaval, sociopolitical instability, and nationalization of our operations without compensation. adverse activity in any one country could negatively impact operations, increase our loss exposure under certain of our insurance products, and could, otherwise, have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition depending on the magnitude of the events and our net financial exposure at that time in that country.
a failure in our operational systems or infrastructure or those of third parties, including due to security breaches or cyber-attacks, could disrupt business, damage our reputation, and cause losses.
our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information and assets, including in our computer systems and networks. our business depends on effective information security and systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data our information systems use to run our business. our ability to adequately price products and services, to establish reserves, to provide effective, efficient and secure service to our customers, to value our investments and to timely and accurately report our financial results also depends significantly on the integrity and availability of the data we maintain, including that within our information systems, as well as data in and assets held through third-party service providers and systems. in an effort to ensure the integrity of such data, we implement new security measures and systems and improve or upgrade our existing security measures and systems on a continuing basis. although we have implemented administrative and technical controls and take protective actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and to protect our information technology and assets, and we endeavor to modify such procedures as circumstances warrant and negotiate agreements with third-party providers to protect our assets, such measures may be insufficient to prevent unauthorized access, computer viruses, malware or other malicious code or cyber-attack, catastrophic events, system failures and disruptions (including in relation to new security measures and systems), employee errors or malfeasance, third party (including outsourced service providers) errors or malfeasance, loss of assets and other events that could have security consequences (each, a security event). as the breadth and complexity of our security infrastructure continues to grow, the potential risk of a security event increases. like other global companies, we have from time to time experienced security events, none of which had a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. if additional security events occur, these events may jeopardize ace's or its clients' or counterparties' confidential and other information processed and stored within ace, and transmitted through its computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions, delays, or malfunctions in ace's, its clients', its counterparties', or third parties' operations, or result in data loss or loss of assets which could result in significant losses,
24
reputational damage or a material adverse effect on our operations and critical business functions. ace may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures and to pursue recovery of lost data or assets and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered by insurance maintained.
the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. we are subject to numerous u.s. federal and state laws and foreign regulations governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients or employees, including in relation to medical records, credit card data and financial information. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and sometimes conflict. if any person, including any of our employees or those with whom we share such information, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to our client data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions.
despite the contingency plans and facilities we have in place and our efforts to observe the regulatory requirements surrounding information security, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption of the infrastructure that supports our business in the communities in which we are located, or of outsourced services or functions. this may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation, or other services used by ace. if a disruption occurs in one location and ace employees in that location are unable to occupy our offices and conduct business or communicate with or travel to other locations, our ability to service and interact with clients may suffer and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on communication or travel.
we use analytical models to assist our decision making in key areas such as underwriting, claims, reserving, and catastrophe risks but actual results could differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses.
we use various modeling techniques (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) and data analytics to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with our assets and liabilities. we use the modeled outputs and related analyses to assist us in decision-making (e.g., underwriting, pricing, claims, reserving, reinsurance, and catastrophe risk) and to maintain competitive advantage. the modeled outputs and related analyses are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis, including the use of historical internal and industry data. in addition, the modeled outputs and related analyses may from time to time contain inaccuracies, perhaps in material respects, including as a result of inaccurate inputs or applications thereof. consequently, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. if, based upon these models or other factors, we misprice our products or underestimate the frequency and/or severity of loss events, or overestimate the risks we are exposed to, new business growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we could be adversely affected by the loss of one or more key executives or by an inability to attract and retain qualified personnel.
our success depends on our ability to retain the services of our existing key executives and to attract and retain additional qualified personnel in the future. the loss of the services of any of our key executives or the inability to hire and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future could adversely affect our ability to conduct or grow our business. this risk may be particularly acute for us relative to some of our competitors because some of our senior executives work in countries where they are not citizens and work permit and immigration issues could adversely affect the ability to retain or hire key persons. we do not maintain key person life insurance policies with respect to our employees.
employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
losses may result from, among other things, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions properly, failure to obtain proper internal authorization, failure to comply with underwriting or other internal guidelines, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. it is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions that we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. resultant losses could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
strategic competition in the insurance and reinsurance markets could reduce our margins.
insurance and reinsurance markets are highly competitive. we compete on an international and regional basis with major u.s., bermuda, european, and other international insurers and reinsurers and with underwriting syndicates, some of which have greater financial, marketing, and management resources than we do. we also compete with new companies that continue to be
25
formed to enter the insurance and reinsurance markets. in addition, capital market participants have created alternative products that are intended to compete with reinsurance products. increased competition could result in fewer submissions, lower premium rates, and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could reduce our profit margins and adversely impact our net income and book value.
insurance and reinsurance markets are historically cyclical, and we expect to experience periods with excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates.
the insurance and reinsurance markets have historically been cyclical, characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excessive underwriting capacity as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted favorable premium levels. an increase in premium levels is often offset by an increasing supply of insurance and reinsurance capacity, either by capital provided by new entrants or by the commitment of additional capital by existing insurers or reinsurers, which may cause prices to decrease. any of these factors could lead to a significant reduction in premium rates, less favorable policy terms, and fewer submissions for our underwriting services. in addition to these considerations, changes in the frequency and severity of losses suffered by insureds and insurers may affect the cycles of the insurance and reinsurance markets significantly, as could periods of economic weakness (such as recession).
the integration of acquired companies may not be as successful as we anticipate.
acquisitions involve numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax and other risks; potential liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; and uncertainties related to design, operation and integration of acquired businesses' internal controls over financial reporting. difficulties in integrating an acquired company may result in the acquired company performing differently than we expected, in operational challenges or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by acquisitions. in addition, goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with insurance company acquisitions may be impaired if premium growth, underwriting profitability, agency retention and policy persistency, among other factors, differ from expectations.
there is also the potential that proposed acquisitions that have been publicly announced will not be consummated, even if a definitive agreement has been signed by the parties. if an agreement is terminated before closing, the result would be that our proposed acquisition would not occur, which could, among other things, expose us to damages or liability and adversely impact our stock price and future operations.
we may be subject to u.s. tax and bermuda tax which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and shareholder investment.
ace limited and our non-u.s. subsidiaries operate in a manner so that none of these companies should be subject to u.s. tax (other than u.s. excise tax on insurance and reinsurance premium income attributable to insuring or reinsuring u.s. risks and u.s. withholding tax on some types of u.s. source investment income), because none of these companies should be treated as engaged in a trade or business within the u.s. however, because there is considerable uncertainty as to the activities that constitute being engaged in a trade or business within the u.s., we cannot be certain that the internal revenue service (irs) will not contend successfully that ace limited or its non-u.s. subsidiaries are engaged in a trade or business in the u.s. if ace limited or any of its non-u.s. subsidiaries were considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the u.s., such entity could be subject to u.s. corporate income and branch profits taxes on the portion of its earnings effectively connected to such u.s. business, in which case our results of operations and our shareholders' investments could be adversely affected.
the bermuda minister of finance, under the exempted undertakings tax protection act 1966 of bermuda, as amended, has given ace limited and its bermuda insurance subsidiaries a written assurance that if any legislation is enacted in bermuda that would impose tax computed on profits or income, or computed on any capital asset, gain, or appreciation, or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax, then the imposition of any such tax would not be applicable to those companies or any of their respective operations, shares, debentures, or other obligations until march 31, 2035, except insofar as such tax would apply to persons ordinarily resident in bermuda or is payable by us in respect of real property owned or leased by us in bermuda. we cannot be certain that we will not be subject to any bermuda tax after march 31, 2035.
the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd) and the european union (eu) are considering measures that might encourage countries to increase our taxes.
the oecd has published an action plan to address base erosion and profit shifting (beps) impacting its member countries and other jurisdictions. it is possible that jurisdictions in which we do business could react to the beps initiative or their own concerns by enacting tax legislation that could adversely affect us or our shareholders.
a number of multilateral organizations, including the eu and the oecd have, in recent years, expressed concern about some countries not participating in adequate tax information exchange arrangements and have threatened those that do not agree to
26
cooperate with punitive sanctions by member countries. it is as yet unclear what all of these sanctions might be, which countries might adopt them, and when or if they might be imposed. we cannot assure, however, that the tax information exchange agreements (tieas) that have been or will be entered into by switzerland and bermuda will be sufficient to preclude all of the sanctions described above, which, if ultimately adopted, could adversely affect us or our shareholders.
shareholders there are provisions in our charter documents that may reduce the voting rights and diminish the value of our common shares.
our articles of association generally provide that shareholders have one vote for each common share held by them and are entitled to vote at all meetings of shareholders. however, the voting rights exercisable by a shareholder may be limited so that certain persons or groups are not deemed to hold 10 percent or more of the voting power conferred by our common shares. moreover, these provisions could have the effect of reducing the voting power of some shareholders who would not otherwise be subject to the limitation by virtue of their direct share ownership. our board of directors may refuse to register holders of shares as shareholders with voting rights based on certain grounds, including if the holder would, directly or indirectly, formally, constructively or beneficially own (as described in articles 8 and 14 of our articles of association) or otherwise control voting rights with respect to 10 percent or more of the registered share capital recorded in the commercial register. in addition, the board of directors shall reject entry of holders of registered shares as shareholders with voting rights in the share register or shall decide on their deregistration when the acquirer or shareholder upon request does not expressly state that she/he has acquired or holds the shares in her/his own name and for her/his account.
applicable laws may make it difficult to effect a change of control of our company.
before a person can acquire control of a u.s. insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the state where the domestic insurer is domiciled. prior to granting approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer, the state insurance commissioner will consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity and management of the applicant's board of directors and executive officers, the acquirer's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer, and any anti-competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control. generally, state statutes provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10 percent or more of the voting securities of the domestic insurer. because a person acquiring 10 percent or more of our common shares would indirectly control the same percentage of the stock of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries, the insurance change of control laws of various u.s. jurisdictions would likely apply to such a transaction. laws of other jurisdictions in which one or more of our existing subsidiaries are, or a future subsidiary may be, organized or domiciled may contain similar restrictions on the acquisition of control of ace.
while our articles of association limit the voting power of any shareholder to less than 10 percent, we cannot assure that the applicable regulatory body would agree that a shareholder who owned 10 percent or more of our common shares did not, because of the limitation on the voting power of such shares, control the applicable insurance subsidiary.
these laws may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control of ace, including transactions that some or all of our shareholders might consider to be desirable.
shareholder voting requirements under swiss law may limit ace's flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management.
swiss law allows our shareholders to authorize share capital which can be issued by the board of directors without shareholder approval but this authorization must be renewed by the shareholders every two years. swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of stock as permitted in other jurisdictions. swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders many corporate actions over which the board of directors had authority prior to our redomestication to switzerland. for example, dividends must be approved by shareholders. while we do not believe that swiss law requirements relating to our capital management will have an adverse effect on ace, we cannot assure that situations will not arise where such flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders.
ace limited is a swiss company; it may be difficult to enforce judgments against it or its directors and executive officers.
ace limited is incorporated pursuant to the laws of switzerland. in addition, certain of our directors and officers reside outside the u.s. and all or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of such persons are located in jurisdictions outside the u.s. as such, it may be difficult or impossible to effect service of process within the u.s. upon those persons or to recover against us or them on judgments of u.s. courts, including judgments predicated upon civil liability provisions of the u.s. federal securities laws.
27
ace has been advised by its swiss counsel that there is doubt as to whether the courts in switzerland would enforce:
   judgments of u.s. courts based upon the civil liability provisions of the u.s. federal securities laws obtained in actions against it or its directors and officers, who reside outside the u.s.; or
   original actions brought in switzerland against these persons or ace predicated solely upon u.s. federal securities laws.
ace has also been advised by its swiss counsel that there is no treaty in effect between the u.s. and switzerland providing for this enforcement and there are grounds upon which swiss courts may not enforce judgments of u.s. courts. some remedies available under the laws of u.s. jurisdictions, including some remedies available under the u.s. federal securities laws, would not be allowed in swiss courts as contrary to that nation's public policy.
as a result of the increase in par value of our shares that occurred in connection with our redomestication from the cayman islands to switzerland in july 2008, we have less flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management than previously.
as of december 31, 2014, the par value of our common shares is chf 24.77 per share. under swiss law, we generally may not issue registered shares below their par value. in the event there is a need to raise common equity capital at a time when the trading price of our registered shares is below our par value, we will need to obtain approval of our shareholders to decrease the par value of our registered shares. we cannot assure that we would be able to obtain such shareholder approval. furthermore, obtaining shareholder approval would require filing a preliminary proxy statement with the sec and convening a meeting of shareholders which would delay any capital raising plans. furthermore, any reduction in par value would decrease our ability to pay dividends as a repayment of share capital which is not subject to swiss withholding tax. see "shareholders may be subject to swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends" for additional information.
shareholders may be subject to swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends.
our dividends are generally subject to a swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35 percent; however, payment of a dividend in the form of a par value reduction or qualifying capital contribution reserves reduction is not subject to swiss withholding tax. we have previously obtained shareholder approval for dividends to be paid in such form. we currently intend to recommend to shareholders that they annually approve the payment of dividends in such form but we cannot assure that our shareholders will continue to approve a reduction in such form each year or that we will be able to meet the other legal requirements for a reduction in par value, or that swiss withholding tax rules will not be changed in the future. we estimate we would be able to pay dividends in such form, and thus exempt from swiss withholding tax until 2023-2028. this range may vary depending upon changes in annual dividends, special dividends, fluctuations in u.s. dollar/swiss franc exchange rates, changes in par value or qualifying capital contribution reserves or changes or new interpretations to swiss corporate or tax law or regulations.
under certain circumstances, u. s. shareholders may be subject to adverse u.s. federal income tax consequences.
under certain circumstances, a u.s. person who owns 10 percent or more of the voting power of a foreign corporation that is a "controlled foreign corporation" (cfc) (a foreign corporation in which 10 percent u.s. shareholders own more than 50 percent of the voting power or value of the stock of a foreign corporation or more than 25 percent of certain foreign insurance corporations) for an uninterrupted period of 30 days or more during a taxable year must include in gross income for u.s. federal income tax purposes such "10 percent u.s. shareholder's" pro rata share of the cfc's "subpart f income". we believe that because of the dispersion of our share ownership, provisions in our organizational documents that limit voting power, and other factors, no u.s. person or u.s. partnership who acquires shares of ace limited directly or indirectly through one or more foreign entities should be required to include our subpart f income in income under the cfc rules of u.s. tax law. it is possible, however, that the irs could challenge the effectiveness of these provisions and that a court could sustain such a challenge, in which case the investment could be adversely affected if 10 percent or more of ace limited's stock is owned.
separately, any u.s. persons who hold shares may be subject to u.s. federal income taxation at ordinary income tax rates on their proportionate share of our related person insurance income (rpii). if the rpii of any of our non-u.s. insurance subsidiaries (each a "non-u.s. insurance subsidiary") were to equal or exceed 20 percent of that company's gross insurance income in any taxable year and direct or indirect insureds (and persons related to those insureds) own directly or indirectly through foreign entities 20 percent or more of the voting power or value of ace limited, then a u.s. person who owns any shares of ace limited (directly or indirectly through foreign entities) on the last day of the taxable year would be required to include in his or her income for u.s. federal income tax purposes such person's pro rata share of such company's rpii for the entire taxable year. in addition, any rpii that is includible in the income of a u.s. tax-exempt organization may be treated as unrelated business taxable income. we believe that the gross rpii of each non-u.s. insurance subsidiary did not in prior years of operation and is not expected in the foreseeable future to equal or exceed 20 percent of each such company's gross insurance income. likewise, we do not expect the direct or indirect insureds of each non-u.s. insurance subsidiary (and persons related
28
to such insureds) to directly or indirectly own 20 percent or more of either the voting power or value of our shares. however, we cannot be certain that this will be the case because some of the factors which determine the extent of rpii may be beyond our control. if these thresholds are met or exceeded, any u.s. person's investment in ace limited could be adversely affected.
a u.s. tax-exempt organization may recognize unrelated business taxable income if a portion of our insurance income is allocated to the organization. this generally would be the case if either we are a cfc and the tax-exempt shareholder is a 10 percent u.s. shareholder or there is rpii, certain exceptions do not apply, and the tax-exempt organization, directly or indirectly through foreign entities, owns any shares of ace limited. although we do not believe that any u.s. tax-exempt organization should be allocated such insurance income, we cannot be certain that this will be the case. potential u.s. tax-exempt investors are advised to consult their tax advisors.
u.s. persons who hold shares will be subject to adverse tax consequences if we are considered to be a passive foreign investment company (pfic) for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
if ace limited is considered a pfic for u.s. federal income tax purposes, a u.s. person who holds ace limited shares will be subject to adverse u.s. federal income tax consequences in which case their investment could be adversely affected. in addition, if ace limited were considered a pfic, upon the death of any u.s. individual owning shares, such individual's heirs or estate would not be entitled to a "step-up" in the basis of the shares which might otherwise be available under u.s. federal income tax laws. we believe that we are not, have not been, and currently do not expect to become, a pfic for u.s. federal income tax purposes. we cannot assure, however, that we will not be deemed a pfic by the irs. while there are currently no regulations regarding the application of the pfic provisions to an insurance company, new regulations or pronouncements interpreting or clarifying these rules may be forthcoming. we cannot predict what impact, if any, such guidance would have on an investor that is subject to u.s. federal income taxation.
changes in tax law could adversely affect an investment in our shares.
legislation is periodically introduced in the u.s. congress intended to eliminate some perceived tax advantages of companies (including insurance companies) that have legal domiciles outside the u.s. but have certain u.s. connections. it is possible that such legislation or other legislation could be enacted in the future that could have an adverse impact on us or our shareholders.
similarly, jurisdictions outside the u.s. in which we do business could enact tax legislation in the future that could have an adverse impact on us or our shareholders. for example, switzerland is currently considering corporate tax reform measures that could adversely affect us or our shareholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion of our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity and capital resources as of and for the year ended december 31, 2014. this discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes, under item 8 of this form 10-k.
all comparisons in this discussion are to the corresponding prior year unless otherwise indicated.
md&amp;a index                                              page forward-looking statements                                    34
overview                                                      36
financial highlights                                          37
critical accounting estimates                                 38
consolidated operating results                                54
prior period development                                      58
segment operating results                                     59
net investment income                                         69
net realized and unrealized gains (losses)                    70
other income and expense items                                70
investments                                                   71
reinsurance recoverable on ceded reinsurance                  75
asbestos and environmental (a&amp;e)                          75
catastrophe management                                        76
natural catastrophe property reinsurance program              76
political risk, trade credit, and structured trade credit     77
crop insurance                                                78
liquidity                                                     79
capital resources                                             81
contractual obligations and commitments                       82
credit facilities                                             83
ratings                                                       84
33
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements. any written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf may include forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. these forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could, should potential events occur, cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. these risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which are described in more detail elsewhere herein and in other documents we file with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec), include but are not limited to:
   losses arising out of natural or man-made catastrophes such as hurricanes, typhoons, earthquakes, floods, climate change (including effects on weather patterns; greenhouse gases; sea; land and air temperatures; sea levels; and rain and snow), nuclear accidents, or terrorism which could be affected by:
   the number of insureds and ceding companies affected;
   the amount and timing of losses actually incurred and reported by insureds;
   the impact of these losses on our reinsurers and the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable actually received;
   the cost of building materials and labor to reconstruct properties or to perform environmental remediation following a catastrophic event; and
   complex coverage and regulatory issues such as whether losses occurred from storm surge or flooding and related lawsuits;
   actions that rating agencies may take from time to time, such as financial strength or credit ratings downgrades or placing these ratings on credit watch negative or the equivalent;
   the ability to collect reinsurance recoverable, credit developments of reinsurers, and any delays with respect thereto and changes in the cost, quality, or availability of reinsurance;
   actual loss experience from insured or reinsured events and the timing of claim payments;
   the uncertainties of the loss-reserving and claims-settlement processes, including the difficulties associated with assessing environmental damage and asbestos-related latent injuries, the impact of aggregate-policy-coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by various asbestos producers and other related businesses, and the timing of loss payments;
   changes to our assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, or have the intent to sell, available for sale fixed maturity investments before their anticipated recovery;
   infection rates and severity of pandemics and their effects on our business operations and claims activity;
   developments in global financial markets, including changes in interest rates, stock markets, and other financial markets, increased government involvement or intervention in the financial services industry, the cost and availability of financing, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations (which we refer to in this report as foreign exchange and foreign currency exchange), which could affect our statement of operations, investment portfolio, financial condition, and financing plans;
   general economic and business conditions resulting from volatility in the stock and credit markets and the depth and duration of potential recession;
   global political conditions, the occurrence of any terrorist attacks, including any nuclear, radiological, biological, or chemical events, or the outbreak and effects of war, and possible business disruption or economic contraction that may result from such events;
   judicial decisions and rulings, new theories of liability, legal tactics, and settlement terms;
   the effects of public company bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements, as well as disclosures by and investigations of public companies relating to possible accounting irregularities, and other corporate governance issues, including the effects of such events on:
   the capital markets;
   the markets for directors and officers (d&amp;o) and errors and omissions (e&amp;o) insurance; and
   claims and litigation arising out of such disclosures or practices by other companies;
34
   uncertainties relating to governmental, legislative and regulatory policies, developments, actions, investigations, and treaties, which, among other things, could subject us to insurance regulation or taxation in additional jurisdictions or affect our current operations;
   the actual amount of new and renewal business, market acceptance of our products, and risks associated with the introduction of new products and services and entering new markets, including regulatory constraints on exit strategies;
   the competitive environment in which we operate, including trends in pricing or in policy terms and conditions, which may differ from our projections and changes in market conditions that could render our business strategies ineffective or obsolete;
   acquisitions made by us performing differently than expected, our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies or growth from acquisitions, the impact of acquisitions on our pre-existing organization, or announced acquisitions not closing;
   risks associated with being a swiss corporation, including reduced flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management and the potential for additional regulatory burdens;
   the potential impact from government-mandated insurance coverage for acts of terrorism;
   the availability of borrowings and letters of credit under our credit facilities;
   the adequacy of collateral supporting funded high deductible programs;
   changes in the distribution or placement of risks due to increased consolidation of insurance and reinsurance brokers;
   material differences between actual and expected assessments for guaranty funds and mandatory pooling arrangements;
   the effects of investigations into market practices in the property and casualty (p&amp;c) industry;
   changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions, for example, recession;
   the amount of dividends received from subsidiaries;
   loss of the services of any of our executive officers without suitable replacements being recruited in a reasonable time frame;
   the ability of our technology resources, including information systems and security, to perform as anticipated such as with respect to preventing material information technology failures or third-party infiltrations or hacking resulting in consequences adverse to ace or its customers or partners; and
   management's response to these factors and actual events (including, but not limited to, those described above).
the words "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "should," "plan," "expect," "intend," "hope," "feel," "foresee," "will likely result," or "will continue," and variations thereof and similar expressions, identify forward-looking statements. you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
35
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
overview we operate through five business segments: insurance - north american p&c, insurance - north american agriculture, insurance - overseas general, global reinsurance, and life. for more information on our segments refer to "segment information" under item 1.
we have grown our business through increased premium volume, expansion of product offerings and geographic reach, and acquisitions of other companies. the insurance - overseas general segment has recently expanded its operations through the following acquisitions in 2014, 2013, and 2012:
   the large corporate account property and casualty (p&amp;c) insurance business of itau seguros (itau seguros) (october 31, 2014);
   the siam commercial samaggi insurance pcl (samaggi) (we and our local partner acquired 60.86 percent ownership on april 28, 2014, and subsequently acquired an additional 32.17 percent ownership through a mandatory tender offer, which expired on june 17, 2014);
   aba seguros (may 2, 2013);
   fianzas monterrey (april 1, 2013); and
   pt asuransi jaya proteksi (japro) (we acquired 80 percent on september 18, 2012, and our local partner acquired the remaining 20 percent on january 3, 2013).
the consolidated financial statements include results of acquired businesses from the acquisition dates. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our acquisitions.
our product and geographic diversification differentiates us from the vast majority of our competitors and has been a source of stability during periods of industry volatility. our long-term business strategy focuses on sustained growth in book value achieved through a combination of underwriting and investment income. by doing so, we provide value to our clients and shareholders through use of our substantial capital base in the insurance and reinsurance markets.
we are organized along a profit center structure by line of business and territory that does not necessarily correspond to corporate legal entities. profit centers can access various legal entities, subject to licensing and other regulatory rules. profit centers are expected to generate underwriting income and appropriate risk-adjusted returns. our corporate structure has facilitated the development of management talent by giving each profit center's senior management team the necessary autonomy within underwriting authorities to make operating decisions and create products and coverages needed by its target customer base. we are focused on delivering underwriting profit and strive to achieve underwriting income by only writing policies which we believe adequately compensate us for the risk we accept.
our insurance and reinsurance operations generate gross revenues from two principal sources: premiums and investment income. cash flow is generated from premiums collected and investment income received less paid losses and loss expenses, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. invested assets are substantially held in liquid, investment grade fixed income securities of relatively short duration. claims payments in any short-term period are highly unpredictable due to the random nature of loss events and the timing of claims awards or settlements. the value of investments held to pay future claims is subject to market forces such as the level of interest rates, stock market volatility, and credit events such as corporate defaults. the actual cost of claims is also volatile based on loss trends, inflation rates, court awards, and catastrophes. we believe that our cash balance, our highly liquid investments, credit facilities, and reinsurance protection provide sufficient liquidity to meet unforeseen claim demands that might occur in the year ahead. refer to "liquidity" and "capital resources" for additional information.
36
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
financial highlights for the year ended december 31, 2014
   total company net premiums written increased 4.6 percent, or 5.7 percent on a constant-dollar basis.
   p&amp;c combined ratio was 87.7 percent compared with 88.0 percent in 2013. the gaap combined ratio was 88.1 percent compared with 88.0 percent in 2013.
   the current accident year p&amp;c combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was 89.3 percent compared with 90.0 percent in 2013.
   the p&amp;c expense ratio was 29.4 percent compared with 28.4 percent in 2013.
   total pre-tax and after-tax catastrophe losses including reinstatement premiums were $288 million (1.8 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $249 million, respectively, compared with $227 million (1.7 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $197 million, respectively, in 2013.
   favorable prior period development pre-tax and after-tax were $527 million (3.4 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $459 million, respectively, compared with $530 million (3.7 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $450 million, respectively, in 2013.
   operating cash flow was $4.5 billion compared with $4.0 billion in 2013.
   net investment income was $2.3 billion compared with $2.1 billion in 2013.
   net income decreased 24.1 percent to $2.9 billion. net income in 2014 was negatively impacted compared to 2013 as a result of the mark to market accounting associated with our living benefit variable annuity reinsurance business. the relative difference is primarily due to interest rates, which fell during 2014 after rising during 2013.
   share repurchases totaled $1.4 billion, or approximately 14 million shares in 2014.
we reported strong premium revenue growth and combined ratios in 2014 with all divisions contributing positively to our results. growth was broad-based from all regions, reflecting our diversified business by product, geography, customer and distribution.
in addition to producing strong financial results, we made numerous investments intended for future growth and earnings. for example, we launched retail distribution to complement our existing wholesale capabilities for our u.s. middle market specialty and excess & surplus business; we started a new micro business division to serve very small u.s. commercial businesses; we made acquisitions in thailand and brazil, further expanding our presence and capabilities in promising developing markets. and we signed a definitive agreement in december 2014 to acquire the fireman's fund high net worth personal lines business. this acquisition will complement our existing personal lines business, which has tripled in size in the last five years. our personal lines business is a strategic growth area and poised to continue its growth globally.
these are some of the investments we made in the future of our company that will strengthen our presence and capabilities and increase our ability to produce sustainable outperformance. we are off to a good start in 2015 and we remain confident in our strategy and are relentless in our drive to execute with excellence.
37
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements include amounts that, either by their nature or due to requirements of generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (gaap), are determined using best estimates and assumptions. while we believe that the amounts included in our consolidated financial statements reflect our best judgment, actual amounts could ultimately materially differ from those currently presented. we believe the items that require the most subjective and complex estimates are:
   unpaid loss and loss expense reserves, including long-tail asbestos and environmental (a&amp;e) reserves;
   future policy benefits reserves;
   the valuation of value of business acquired (voba) and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and voba;
   the assessment of risk transfer for certain structured insurance and reinsurance contracts;
   reinsurance recoverable, including a provision for uncollectible reinsurance;
   the valuation of our investment portfolio and assessment of other-than-temporary impairments (otti);
   the valuation of deferred tax assets;
   the valuation of derivative instruments related to guaranteed living benefits (glb); and
   the valuation of goodwill.
we believe our accounting policies for these items are of critical importance to our consolidated financial statements. the following discussion provides more information regarding the estimates and assumptions required to arrive at these amounts and should be read in conjunction with the sections entitled: prior period development, asbestos and environmental (a&e), reinsurance recoverable on ceded reinsurance, investments, net realized and unrealized gains (losses), and other (income) and expense items.
unpaid losses and loss expenses as an insurance and reinsurance company, we are required by applicable laws and regulations and gaap to establish loss and loss expense reserves for the estimated unpaid portion of the ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers. at december 31, 2014, our gross unpaid loss and loss expense reserves were $38.3 billion and our net unpaid loss and loss expense reserves were $27.0 billion. with the exception of certain structured settlements, for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable, and certain reserves for unsettled claims that are discounted in statutory filings, our loss reserves are not discounted for the time value of money. in connection with such structured settlements and certain reserves for unsettled claims, we carried net discounted reserves of $111 million and $106 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the following table presents a roll-forward of our unpaid losses and loss expenses:
december 31, 2014                                                                  december 31, 2013
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                      grosslosses             reinsurancerecoverable(1)             netlosses            grosslosses             reinsurancerecoverable(1)             netlosses balance, beginning of year                             $37,443                               $10,612               $26,831                $37,946                               $11,399               $26,547
losses and loss expenses incurred                       12,748                                 3,099                 9,649                 12,429                                 3,081                 9,348
losses and loss expenses paid                          (12,409   )                            (3,174   )            (9,235   )            (12,785   )                            (3,808   )            (8,977   )
other (including foreign exchange translation)            (835   )                              (278   )              (557   )               (246   )                               (73   )              (173   )
losses and loss expenses acquired                        1,368                                 1,048       320                   99                     13                                    86
balance, end of year                                   $38,315                               $11,307               $27,008                $37,443                               $10,612               $26,831
(1)   net of provision for uncollectible reinsurance.
the estimate of the liabilities includes provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date (case reserves) and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported (ibnr) at the balance sheet date. ibnr may also include provisions to account for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves. loss reserves also include an estimate of expenses associated with processing and settling unpaid claims (loss expenses).
38
the following table segregates loss reserves by three broad line of business groupings: property and all other, casualty, and a&h (or personal accident). in the table, loss expenses are defined to include unallocated and allocated loss adjustment expenses.
december 31, 2014                                       december 31, 2013
(in millions of u.s. dollars)             gross               ceded                 net           gross               ceded                 net property and all other case reserves           $4,110              $1,959              $2,151          $2,862                $998              $1,864
loss expenses              216                  58                 158             222                  59                 163
ibnr reserves            2,095                 792               1,303           2,098                 714               1,384
subtotal                 6,421               2,809               3,612           5,182               1,771               3,411
casualty case reserves            9,071               2,210               6,861           9,023               2,271               6,752
loss expenses            3,881               1,348               2,533           3,907               1,341               2,566
ibnr reserves           17,914               4,672              13,242          18,172               4,872              13,300
subtotal                30,866               8,230              22,636          31,102               8,484              22,618
a&amp;h case reserves              417                  85                 332             514                 113                 401
loss expenses               28                   7                  21              30                   8                  22
ibnr reserves              583                 176                 407             615                 236                 379
subtotal                 1,028                 268                 760           1,159                 357                 802
total case reserves           13,598               4,254               9,344          12,399               3,382               9,017
loss expenses            4,125               1,413               2,712           4,159               1,408               2,751
ibnr reserves           20,592               5,640              14,952          20,885               5,822              15,063
total                  $38,315             $11,307             $27,008         $37,443             $10,612             $26,831
the process of establishing loss reserves for property and casualty claims can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments based on circumstances underlying the insured loss known at the date of accrual. for example, the reserves established for high excess casualty claims, asbestos and environmental claims, claims from major catastrophic events or for our various product lines each require different assumptions and judgments to be made. necessary judgments are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methods are developed, or as laws change. hence, ultimate loss payments may differ from the estimate of the ultimate liabilities made at the balance sheet date. changes to our previous estimates of prior period loss reserves impact the reported calendar year underwriting results, adversely if our estimates increase and favorably if our estimates decrease. the potential for variation in loss reserve estimates is impacted by numerous factors, which we discuss below. in particular, these considerations differ markedly depending upon whether case or ibnr reserves are being established. reserve estimates for casualty lines are particularly uncertain given the lengthy reporting patterns and corresponding need for ibnr.
case reserves for those claims reported by insureds or ceding companies to us prior to the balance sheet date, and where we have sufficient information, are determined by our claims personnel as appropriate based on the circumstances of the claim(s), standard claim handling practices, and professional judgment. furthermore, for our brandywine run-off operations and our assumed reinsurance operation, global reinsurance, we may adjust the ceded case reserves as notified by the ceding company via use of an additional case reserve if the judgment of our respective claims department differs from that of the cedant (see also the assumed reinsurance section below).
with respect to ibnr reserves, and those claims that have been incurred but not reported prior to the balance sheet date, there is, by definition, limited actual information to form the case reserve estimate and reliance is placed upon historical loss experience and actuarial methods to estimate the ultimate loss obligations and the corresponding amount of ibnr. ibnr reserve estimates are generally calculated by first projecting the ultimate amount of losses for a product line and subtracting paid losses and case reserves for reported claims. the judgments involved in projecting the ultimate losses may pertain to the use and interpretation of various standard actuarial reserving methods that place reliance on the extrapolation of actual
39
historical data, loss development patterns, and industry data, and other benchmarks as appropriate. the estimate of the required ibnr reserve also requires judgment by actuaries and management to reflect the impact of more contemporary and subjective factors, both qualitative and quantitative. among some of these factors that might be considered are changes in business mix or volume, changes in ceded reinsurance structures, changes in claims handling practices, reported and projected loss trends, inflation, the legal environment, and the terms and conditions of the contracts sold to our insured parties.
determining management's best estimate our recorded reserves represent management's best estimate of the provision for unpaid claims as of the balance sheet date. management's best estimate is developed after collaboration with actuarial, underwriting, claims, legal, and finance departments and culminates with the input of reserve committees. each business unit reserve committee includes the participation of the relevant parties from actuarial, finance, claims, and unit senior management and has the responsibility for finalizing and approving the estimate to be used as management's best estimate. reserves are further reviewed by ace's chief actuary and senior management. the objective of such a process is to determine a single estimate that we believe represents a better estimate than any other and which is viewed by management to be the best estimate of ultimate loss settlements.
this estimate is generally based on a combination of exposure and experience based actuarial methods (described below) and other considerations such as claims reviews, reinsurance recovery assumptions and/or input from other subject matter experts such as underwriting. exposure-based methods are most commonly used on relatively immature origin years while experience-based methods provide a view based on the projection of loss experience that has emerged as of the valuation date. greater reliance is placed upon experience-based methods as the pool of emerging loss experience grows and where it is deemed sufficiently credible and reliable as the basis for the estimate. in comparing the held reserve for any given origin year to the actuarial projections, judgment is required as to the credibility, uncertainty and inherent limitations of applying actuarial techniques to historical data to project future loss experience. examples of factors that impact such judgments include, but are not limited to, the following:
   nature and complexity of underlying coverage provided and net limits of exposure provided;
   segmentation of data to provide sufficient homogeneity and credibility for loss projection methods;
   extent of credible internal historical loss data and reliance upon industry information as required;
   historical variability of actual loss emergence compared with expected loss emergence;
   extent of emerged loss experience relative to the remaining expected period of loss emergence;
   rate monitor information for new and renewal business;
   facts and circumstances of large claims;
   impact of applicable reinsurance recoveries; and
   nature and extent of underlying assumptions.
management does not build in any specific provision for uncertainty.
we do not calculate ranges of loss reserve estimates for our individual loss reserve studies, given the lack of robust statistical approaches and the limited usefulness for such information in decision making. determining such ranges is a complex and uncertain process, and such ranges generally do not capture the potential changes in external and internal circumstances between the balance sheet date and the final settlement date that may impact the ultimate value of loss. while we believe that our recorded reserves are reasonable and represent management's best estimate for each product line as of the current valuation date, future changes to our view of the ultimate liabilities are possible. a five percent change in our net loss reserves equates to $1.4 billion and represents five percent of shareholders' equity at december 31, 2014. historically our reserves, at times, have developed in excess of 10 percent of recorded amounts. refer to "analysis of losses and loss expenses development", under item 1, for a summary of historical volatility between estimated loss reserves and ultimate loss settlements.
we have actuarial staff within each of our business units who analyze loss reserves and regularly project estimates of ultimate losses and the corresponding indications of the required ibnr reserve. note that losses include loss expenses for the purposes of this discussion. we perform an actuarial reserve review for each product line at least once a year. at the conclusion of each review, we establish an actuarial central estimate. the process to select the actuarial central estimate, when more than one estimate is available, may differ across product lines. for example, an actuary may base the central estimate on loss projections developed using an incurred loss development approach instead of a paid loss development approach when reported losses are viewed to be a more credible indication of the ultimate loss compared with paid losses. the availability of estimates
40
for different projection techniques will depend upon the product line, the underwriting circumstances, and the maturity of the loss emergence. for a well-established product line with sufficient volume and history and low volatility, the actuarial central estimate may be drawn from a weighting of paid and reported loss development and/or bornhuetter-ferguson methods (described below). however, for a new long-tail product line for which we have limited data and experience, a rapidly growing line, or an established line with volatile experience, the emerging loss experience may not have sufficient credibility to allow selection of loss development or bornhuetter-ferguson methods and reliance may be placed upon the expected loss ratio method (described below) until the experience matures and becomes credible.
typically, for each product line, one or more standard actuarial reserving methods may be used to estimate ultimate losses and loss expenses, and from these estimates, a single actuarial central estimate is selected. exceptions to the use of standard actuarial projection methods occur for individual claims of significance that require complex legal, claims, and actuarial analysis and judgment (for example, a&e account projections or high excess casualty/professional lines accounts in litigation) or for product lines where the nature of the claims experience and/or availability of the data prevent application of such standard methods. in addition, claims arising from certain catastrophic events require evaluations that do not utilize standard actuarial loss projection methods but are based upon our exposure at the time of the event and the circumstances of the catastrophe and its post-event impact.
in addition to the annual loss reserve studies performed for each product line, we review the emergence of actual losses relative to expectations for most product lines each quarter. if warranted from findings in loss emergence tests, we may alter the timing of our product line reserve studies. finally, loss reserve studies are performed annually by external third-parties and the findings are used to provide management an independent assessment of our internal findings.
standard actuarial reserving methods standard actuarial reserving methods include, but are not limited to, expected loss ratio, paid and reported loss development, and bornhuetter-ferguson methods. a general description of these methods is provided below. in the subsequent discussion on short-tail and long-tail business, reference is also made, where appropriate, to how consideration in method selection impacted 2014 results. in addition to these standard methods, depending upon the product line characteristics and available data we may use other recognized actuarial methods and approaches. to ensure that the projections of future loss emergence based on historical loss development patterns are representative of the underlying business, historical loss and premium data is required to be of sufficient homogeneity and credibility. for example, to improve data homogeneity, we may subdivide product line data further by similar risk attribute (e.g., geography, coverage such as property versus liability exposure, or elements of program structure such as attachments or limits), project ultimate losses for these homogeneous groups and then combine the results to provide the overall product line estimate. the premium and loss data are aggregated by origin year (e.g., the year in which the losses were incurred - "accident year" or "report year") and annual or quarterly development periods, and data at all valuations is converted at the same foreign exchange rates in order to avoid distortions from exchange rate movements over time. implicit in the standard actuarial methods that we generally utilize is the need for two fundamental assumptions: first, the pattern by which losses are expected to emerge over time for each origin year, and second the expected loss ratio for each origin year.
the expected loss ratio for any particular origin year is selected after consideration of a number of factors, including historical loss ratios adjusted for rate changes, premium and loss trends, industry benchmarks, the results of policy level loss modeling at the time of underwriting, and/or other more subjective considerations for the product line (e.g., terms and conditions) and external environment as noted above. the expected loss ratio for a given origin year is initially established at the start of the origin year as part of the planning process. this analysis is performed in conjunction with underwriters and management. the expected loss ratio method arrives at an ultimate loss estimate by multiplying the expected ultimate loss ratio by the corresponding premium base. this method is most commonly used as the basis for the actuarial central estimate for immature origin periods on product lines where the actual paid or reported loss experience is not yet deemed sufficiently credible to serve as the principal basis for the selection of ultimate losses. the expected loss ratio for a given origin year may be modified over time if the underlying assumptions differ from the original assumptions (for example, the assessment of prior year loss ratios, loss trend, rate changes, actual claims, or other information).
our selected paid and reported development patterns provide a benchmark against which the actual emerging loss experience can be monitored. where possible, development patterns are selected based on historical loss emergence by origin year with appropriate allowance for changes in business mix, claims handling process, and/or ceded reinsurance that are likely to lead to a discernible difference between the rate of historical and future loss emergence. for product lines where the historical data is viewed to have low statistical credibility, the selected development patterns also reflect relevant industry benchmarks and/or experience from similar product lines written elsewhere within ace. this most commonly occurs for relatively new product lines that have limited historical data or for high severity/low frequency portfolios where our historical experience exhibits
41
considerable volatility and/or lacks credibility. the paid and reported loss development methods convert the selected loss emergence pattern to a set of multiplicative factors which are then applied to actual paid or reported losses to arrive at an estimate of ultimate losses for each period. due to their multiplicative nature, the paid and reported loss development methods will leverage differences between actual and expected loss emergence. these methods tend to be utilized for more mature origin periods and for those portfolios where the loss emergence has been relatively consistent over time.
the bornhuetter-ferguson method is essentially a combination of the expected loss ratio method and the loss development method, where the loss development method is given more weight as the origin year matures. this approach allows a logical transition between the expected loss ratio method which is generally utilized at earlier maturities and the loss development methods which are typically utilized at later maturities. we usually apply this method using reported loss data although paid data may also be used.
the applicability of actuarial methods will also be impacted by the attachment point of the policy or contract with the insured or ceding company. in the case of low attachment points typical of primary insurance or working layer reinsurance, the experience tends to be more frequency driven. for these product types, standard actuarial methods are generally applicable in determining loss reserve levels given sufficient history and credible loss experience (although still subject to the same limitations and uncertainties described elsewhere in this section, for example, changing inflationary or legal environments). in the case of high attachment points typical of excess insurance or excess of loss reinsurance, the experience tends to be severity driven, as only a loss of significant size will enter the layer. for these product lines, it typically takes longer for loss experience to gain credibility, which adds uncertainty to the estimates derived from standard actuarial methods. for products such as our assumed reinsurance business, we typically supplement the standard actuarial methods with an analysis of each contract's terms, original pricing information, subsequent internal and external analyses of the ongoing contracts, market exposures and history, and qualitative input from claims managers. this approach is also used for structured or unique contracts.
short-tail and long-tail business the time period between the date of loss occurrence and the final payment date of the ensuing claim(s) is referred to as the "claim-tail." the following is a discussion of specific reserving considerations for both short-tail and long-tail product lines. in this section, we reference the nature of recent prior period development to give a high-level understanding of how these considerations translate through the reserving process into financial decisions. refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on prior period development.
short-tail business short-tail business generally describes product lines for which losses are typically known and paid shortly after the loss actually occurs. this would include, for example, most property, personal accident, aviation hull, and automobile physical damage policies that we write. there are some exceptions on certain product lines or events (e.g., major hurricanes or aviation crashes) where the event has occurred, but the final settlement amount is highly uncertain (e.g., coverage disputes or liability-related claims) and not known with certainty for a potentially lengthy period. due to the short reporting and development pattern for these product lines, the uncertainty associated with our estimate of ultimate losses for any particular accident period diminishes relatively quickly as actual loss experience emerges. we typically assign credibility to methods that incorporate actual loss emergence, such as the paid and reported loss development and bornhuetter-ferguson methods, sooner than would be the case for long-tail lines at a similar stage of development for a given origin year. the reserving process for short-tail losses arising from catastrophic events typically involves an assessment by the claims department, in conjunction with underwriters and actuaries, of our exposure and estimated losses immediately following an event and then subsequent revisions of the estimated losses as our insureds provide updated actual loss information.
for origin year 2014, loss reserves for short-tail lines were typically established for the non-catastrophe exposures using a combination of the initial expected loss ratio method (see above) and loss development methods that incorporate actual loss emergence. as the year progressed, we also adjusted these reserves for non-catastrophe large loss activity that we considered to be greater or less than the assumptions used to establish the initial expected loss ratio. catastrophe activity was relatively low in 2014 and accordingly the judgments and uncertainties used to establish reserves for incurred catastrophe events were correspondingly less complex. for our short-tail businesses taken as a whole, overall loss trend assumptions did not differ significantly relative to prior years.
in terms of prior accident years, the bulk of the changes made in the 2014 calendar year arose from origin years 2010 through 2012. specifically, the insurance - north american p&c, insurance - overseas general, and global reinsurance segments experienced $56 million, $210 million, and $11 million of favorable prior period development, respectively, primarily due to lower than anticipated loss emergence rather than any significant changes to underlying actuarial assumptions such as loss
42
development patterns. this favorable prior period development was primarily the result of changes to the ultimate loss estimates for origin years 2011 and 2012 for insurance - north american p&c, origin years 2010 through 2013 for insurance - overseas general, and origin year 2012 for global reinsurance. insurance - north american agriculture experienced $34 million of adverse prior period development primarily due to higher than expected claim development for the 2013 crop year in our multiple peril crop insurance business.
long-tail business long-tail business describes lines of business for which specific losses may not be known/reported for some period and for which claims can take significant time to settle/close. this includes most casualty lines such as general liability, d&o, and workers' compensation. there are various factors contributing to the uncertainty and volatility of long-tail business. among these are:
   the nature and complexity of underlying coverage provided and net limits of exposure provided;
   our historical loss data and experience is sometimes too immature and lacking in credibility to rely upon for reserving purposes. where this is the case, in our reserve analysis we may utilize industry loss ratios or industry benchmark development patterns that we believe reflect the nature and coverage of the underwritten business and its future development, where available. for such product lines, actual loss experience may differ from industry loss statistics as well as loss experience for previous underwriting years;
   the considerable inherent uncertainty around loss trends, claims inflation (e.g., medical and judicial) and underlying economic conditions;
   the inherent uncertainty of the estimated duration of the paid and reported loss development patterns beyond the historical record requires that professional judgment be used in the determination of the length of the patterns based on the historical data and other information;
   the inherent uncertainty of assuming that historical paid and reported loss development patterns for older origin years will be representative of subsequent loss emergence on recent origin years. for example, changes over time in the processes and procedures for establishing case reserves can distort reported loss development patterns or changes in ceded reinsurance structures by origin year can alter the development of paid and reported losses;
   loss reserve analyses typically require loss or other data be grouped by common characteristics in some manner. if data from two combined lines of business exhibit different characteristics, such as loss payment patterns, the credibility of the reserve estimate could be affected. additionally, since casualty lines of business can have significant intricacies in the terms and conditions afforded to the insured, there is an inherent risk as to the homogeneity of the underlying data used in performing reserve analyses; and
   the applicability of the price change data used to estimate ultimate loss ratios for most recent origin years.
as can be seen from the above, various factors are considered when determining appropriate data, assumptions, and methods used to establish the loss reserve estimates for long-tail product lines. these factors may also vary by origin year for given product lines. the derivation of loss development patterns from data and the selection of a tail factor to project ultimate losses from actual loss emergence require considerable judgment, particularly with respect to the extent to which historical loss experience is relied upon to support changes in key reserving assumptions. examples of the relationship between changes in historical loss experience and key reserving assumptions are provided below.
for those long-tail product lines that are less claim frequency and more claim severity oriented, such as high excess professional and casualty lines, we placed more reliance upon expert legal and claims review of the specific circumstances underlying reported cases rather than loss development patterns. where appropriate, we then supplemented this with loss development and bornhuetter-ferguson approaches to provide for claims that have been reported but are too immature to develop individual claims estimates and also to provide for claims that have occurred but have not been reported. the assumptions used for these lines of business are updated over time to reflect new claim and legal advice judged to be of significance.
for origin year 2014, loss reserves were typically established through the application of individual product line expected loss ratios, as discussed earlier. our assumptions on loss trend and development patterns reflect reliance on our historical loss data provided the length and volume of history and homogeneity afford credibility. for those lines where our internal historical experience lacks credibility, we may place reliance upon the latest benchmark patterns (where available) from external industry bodies such as insurance services office (iso) or the national council on compensation insurance, inc. (ncci). in such cases, the assumptions used to project ultimate loss estimates will not fully reflect our own actual loss experience until our data is deemed sufficiently credible. we note that industry patterns are not always available to match the nature of the business being written; this issue is particularly problematic for non-u.s. exposed lines. given the underlying volatility of the long-tail product
43
lines and the lengthy period required for full paid and reported loss emergence, we typically assign little to no credibility to actual loss emergence that is lower than expected in the early development periods. accordingly, we generally used the expected loss ratio method for the 2014 and immediately preceding origin years to establish reserves by product line. we monitor actual paid and reported loss emergence relative to expected loss emergence for most individual product lines.
as described earlier, the process to develop origin year 2014 reserves for our long-tail casualty business relies on estimates of ultimate and historical loss ratios for prior origin years adjusted to current levels through the use of key assumptions like expected rate change and loss trend. when estimating the ultimate loss levels for these prior origin years for the major long-tail lines in insurance - north american p&c, insurance - overseas general, and global reinsurance no changes of significance were made to the loss development patterns. while we generally use trends observed in internal and/or industry data to adjust prior year losses to current levels, we have made no material changes to the prospective loss trends used to develop ultimate loss ratios for origin year 2014.
for long-tail portfolios where actual loss emergence in calendar year 2014 was lower than expected for the more recent origin years, the deviation was not typically seen as sufficiently credible, particularly given the volatility and lengthy period for full loss emergence, to fully reflect in our booked ultimate loss selections or the actuarial assumptions underlying the reserve reviews. however, for certain product lines with early loss emergence on more recent origin years that was greater than expected, we did respond where we believed that such adverse emergence was generally significant relative to the loss emergence assumptions (e.g., origin years 2012 and 2013 for casualty and financial lines in insurance - overseas general). such judgments were made with due consideration to the factors impacting reserve uncertainty as discussed above. the reserve actions that we took in 2014 are discussed further below and in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
for more mature origin years, typically 2010 and prior, we gave meaningful weight to indicated ultimates derived from methods that rely on the paid and reported loss development patterns based on our own historical experience where sufficient credibility was deemed to exist. as noted previously, this is consistent with our practice of allowing favorable loss emergence sufficient time to be reliably established before assigning partial or full credibility.
the prior period development in 2014 for long-tail lines of business comprised several main components. first, we experienced favorable prior period development on a number of product lines where actual loss emergence was lower than expected and/or increased weighting was given to experience-based methods as relevant origin years mature (typically 2010 and prior). in particular, this included d&o, medical risk operations, and financial solutions business in insurance - north american p&c ($179 million favorable) principally in origin years 2009 and 2010, casualty and financial lines in insurance - overseas general for origin years 2010 and prior ($246 million favorable), and origin years 2009 and prior for long-tail product lines in global reinsurance ($63 million favorable). second, we recorded both favorable and adverse reserve actions in response to development on specific large claims. third, we experienced adverse development from insurance - north american p&c run-off operations including westchester and brandywine run-off operations ($247 million). the causes for the westchester and brandywine operations are described further below.
sensitivity to underlying assumptions while we believe that our reserve for unpaid losses and loss expenses at december 31, 2014, is adequate, new information or emerging trends that differ from our assumptions may lead to future development of losses and loss expenses that is significantly greater or less than the recorded reserve, which could have a material effect on future operating results. as noted previously, our best estimate of required loss reserves for most portfolios is judgmentally selected for each origin year after considering the results from a number of reserving methods and is not a purely mechanical process. therefore, it is difficult to convey, in a simple and quantitative manner, the impact that a change to a single assumption will have on our best estimate. in the examples below, we attempt to give an indication of the potential impact by isolating a single change for a specific reserving method that would be pertinent in establishing the best estimate for the product line described. we consider each of the following sensitivity analyses to represent a reasonably likely deviation in the underlying assumption.
insurance - north american p&c given the long reporting and paid development patterns for workers' compensation business, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure requires considerable judgment that could be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. specifically, adjusting ground up ultimate losses by a one percent change in the tail factor (i.e., 1.04 changed to either 1.05 or 1.03) would cause a change of approximately $432 million, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. this represents an impact of 10 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $4.3 billion.
44
the reserve portfolio for our ace bermuda operations contains exposure to predominantly high excess liability coverage on an occurrence-first-reported basis (typically with attachment points in excess of $325 million and gross limits of up to $150 million) and d&o and other professional liability coverage on a claims-made basis (typically with attachment points in excess of $125 million and gross limits of up to $75 million). due to the layer of exposure covered, the expected frequency for this book is very low. as a result of the low frequency/high severity nature of the book, a small difference in the actual vs. expected claim frequency, either positive or negative, could result in a material change to the projected ultimate loss if such change in claim frequency was related to a policy where close to maximum limits were deployed.
insurance - north american agriculture approximately 80 percent of the reserves for this segment are from the crop related lines, which all have short payout patterns, with the majority of the liabilities expected to be resolved in the ensuing twelve months. reserves for our multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) product are set on a case-by-case basis and our aggregate exposure is subject to state level risk sharing formulae as well as third-party reinsurance. the majority of the development risk arises out of the accuracy of case reserve estimates. we do not view our agriculture reserves as substantially influenced by the general assumptions and risks underlying more typical p&c reserve estimates.
insurance - overseas general certain long-tail lines, such as casualty and professional lines, are particularly susceptible to changes in loss trend and claim inflation.  heightened perceptions of tort and settlement awards around the world are increasing the demand for these products as well as contributing to the uncertainty in the reserving estimates.  our reserving methods rely on loss development patterns estimated from historical data and while we attempt to adjust such factors for known changes in the current tort environment, it is possible that such factors may not entirely reflect all recent trends in tort environments.  for example, when applying the reported loss development method, the lengthening of our selected loss development patterns by six months would increase reserve estimates on long-tail casualty and professional lines for accident years 2012 and prior by approximately $281 million. this represents an impact of 12.1 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $2.3 billion.
global reinsurance typically, there is inherent uncertainty around the length of paid and reported development patterns, especially for certain casualty lines such as excess workers' compensation or general liability, which may take up to 30 years to fully develop.  this uncertainty is accentuated by the need to supplement client development patterns with industry development patterns due to the sometimes low credibility of the data. the underlying source and selection of the final development patterns can thus have a significant impact on the selected ultimate net losses and loss expenses. for example, a 20 percent shortening or lengthening of the development patterns used for u.s. long-tail lines would cause the loss reserve estimate derived by the reported bornhuetter-ferguson method for these lines to change by approximately $430 million. this represents an impact of 37 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $1.2 billion.
assumed reinsurance at december 31, 2014, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the global reinsurance segment aggregated to $2.0 billion, consisting of $872 million of case reserves and $1.1 billion of ibnr. in comparison, at december 31, 2013, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the global reinsurance segment aggregated to $2.2 billion, consisting of $938 million of case reserves and $1.2 billion of ibnr.
for catastrophe business, we principally estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses on an event basis by considering various sources of information, including specific loss estimates reported by our cedants, ceding company and overall industry loss estimates reported by our brokers, and our internal data regarding reinsured exposures related to the geographical location of the event. our internal data analysis enables us to establish catastrophe reserves for known events with more certainty at an earlier date than would be the case if we solely relied on reports from third parties to determine carried reserves.
for our casualty reinsurance business, we generally rely on ceding companies to report claims and then use that data as a key input to estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses. due to the reliance on claims information reported by ceding companies, as well as other factors, the estimation of unpaid losses and loss expenses for assumed reinsurance includes certain risks and uncertainties that are unique relative to our direct insurance business. these include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
   the reported claims information could be inaccurate;
   typically, a lag exists between the reporting of a loss event to a ceding company and its reporting to us as a reinsurance claim. the use of a broker to transmit financial information from a ceding company to us increases the reporting lag.
45
because most of our reinsurance business is produced by brokers, ceding companies generally first submit claim and other financial information to brokers, who then report the proportionate share of such information to each reinsurer of a particular treaty. the reporting lag generally results in a longer period of time between the date a claim is incurred and the date a claim is reported compared with direct insurance operations. therefore, the risk of delayed recognition of loss reserve development is higher for assumed reinsurance than for direct insurance lines; and
   the historical claims data for a particular reinsurance contract can be limited relative to our insurance business in that there may be less historical information available. further, for certain coverages or products, such as excess of loss contracts, there may be relatively few expected claims in a particular year so the actual number of claims may be susceptible to significant variability. in such cases, the actuary often relies on industry data from several recognized sources.
we mitigate the above risks in several ways. in addition to routine analytical reviews of ceding company reports to ensure reported claims information appears reasonable, we perform regular underwriting and claims audits of certain ceding companies to ensure reported claims information is accurate, complete, and timely. as appropriate, audit findings are used to adjust claims in the reserving process. we also use our knowledge of the historical development of losses from individual ceding companies to adjust the level of adequacy we believe exists in the reported ceded losses.
on occasion, there will be differences between our carried loss reserves and unearned premium reserves and the amount of loss reserves and unearned premium reserves reported by the ceding companies.  this is due to the fact that we receive consistent and timely information from ceding companies only with respect to case reserves.  for ibnr, we use historical experience and other statistical information, depending on the type of business, to estimate the ultimate loss.  we estimate our unearned premium reserve by applying estimated earning patterns to net premiums written for each treaty based upon that treaty's coverage basis (i.e., risks attaching or losses occurring).  at december 31, 2014, the case reserves reported to us by our ceding companies were $851 million, compared with the $872 million we recorded.  our policy is to post additional case reserves in addition to the amounts reported by our cedants when our evaluation of the ultimate value of a reported claim is different than the evaluation of that claim by our cedant.
within the insurance - north american p&c segment, we also have exposure to certain liability reinsurance lines that have been in run-off since 1994. unpaid losses and loss expenses relating to this run-off reinsurance business resides within the brandywine division of our insurance - north american p&c segment. most of the remaining unpaid loss and loss expense reserves for the run-off reinsurance business relate to a&e claims. refer to the "asbestos and environmental (a&e)" section for additional information.
asbestos and environmental reserves included in our liabilities for losses and loss expenses are amounts for a&e (a&e liabilities). the a&e liabilities principally relate to claims arising from bodily-injury claims related to asbestos products and remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites. the estimation of our a&e liabilities is particularly sensitive to future changes in the legal, social, and economic environment. we have not assumed any such future changes in setting the value of our a&e liabilities, which include provisions for both reported and ibnr claims.
there are many complex variables that we consider when estimating the reserves for our inventory of asbestos accounts and these variables may directly impact the predicted outcome. we believe the most significant variables relating to our a&e liabilities include the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which they have no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to unaggregated coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and, the potential liability of peripheral defendants. based on the policies, the facts, the law, and a careful analysis of the impact that these factors will likely have on any given account, we estimate the potential liability for indemnity, policyholder defense costs, and coverage litigation expense.
the results in asbestos cases announced by other carriers or defendants may well have little or no relevance to us because coverage exposures are highly dependent upon the specific facts of individual coverage and resolution status of disputes among carriers, policyholders, and claimants.
for additional information refer to the "asbestos and environmental (a&e)" section and to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
46
future policy benefits reserves we issue contracts in our insurance - overseas general and life segments that are classified as long-duration.  these contracts generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities.  in accordance with gaap, we establish reserves for contracts determined to be long-duration based on approved actuarial methods that include assumptions related to expenses, mortality, morbidity, persistency, and investment yields with a factor for adverse deviation.  these assumptions are "locked in" at the inception of the contract, meaning we use our original assumptions throughout the life of the policy and do not subsequently modify them unless we deem the reserves to be inadequate. the future policy benefits reserves balance is regularly evaluated for a premium deficiency. if experience is less favorable than assumptions, additional liabilities may be required, resulting in a charge to policyholder benefits and claims.
valuation of value of business acquired (voba) and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and voba as part of the acquisition of businesses that sell long-duration contracts, such as life products, we established an intangible asset related to voba, which represented the fair value of the future profits of the in-force contracts. the valuation of voba at the time of acquisition is derived from similar assumptions to those used to establish the associated future policy benefits reserves.  the most significant input in this calculation is the discount rate used to arrive at the present value of the net cash flows.  we amortize deferred policy acquisition costs associated with long-duration contracts and voba (collectively policy acquisition costs) over the estimated life of the contracts, generally in proportion to premium revenue recognized based upon the same assumptions used in estimating the liability for future policy benefits. for non-traditional long-duration contracts, we amortize policy acquisition costs over the expected life of the contracts in proportion to estimates of expected gross profits. the estimated life is established at the inception of the contracts or upon acquisition and is based on current persistency assumptions.  policy acquisition costs, which consist of commissions, premium taxes, and certain underwriting costs related directly to the successful acquisition of a new or renewal insurance contract, are reviewed to determine if they are recoverable from future income, including investment income. unrecoverable costs are expensed in the period identified.
risk transfer in the ordinary course of business, we both purchase (or cede) and sell (or assume) reinsurance protection. we discontinued the purchase of all finite risk reinsurance contracts, as a matter of policy, in 2002. for both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met in order to use reinsurance accounting, principally resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract as premiums and losses. if risk transfer requirements are not met, a contract is to be accounted for as a deposit, typically resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as revenue or expense. to meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must include both insurance risk, consisting of underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming entity. we also apply similar risk transfer requirements to determine whether certain commercial insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or a deposit. contracts that include fixed premium (i.e., premium not subject to adjustment based on loss experience under the contract) for fixed coverage generally transfer risk and do not require judgment.
reinsurance and insurance contracts that include both significant risk sharing provisions, such as adjustments to premiums or loss coverage based on loss experience, and relatively low policy limits, as evidenced by a high proportion of maximum premium assessments to loss limits, can require considerable judgment to determine whether or not risk transfer requirements are met. for such contracts, often referred to as finite or structured products, we require that risk transfer be specifically assessed for each contract by developing expected cash flow analyses at contract inception. to support risk transfer, the cash flow analyses must demonstrate that a significant loss is reasonably possible, such as a scenario in which the ratio of the net present value of losses divided by the net present value of premiums equals or exceeds 110 percent. for purposes of cash flow analyses, we generally use a risk-free rate of return consistent with the expected average duration of loss payments. in addition, to support insurance risk, we must prove the reinsurer's risk of loss varies with that of the reinsured and/or support various scenarios under which the assuming entity can recognize a significant loss.
to ensure risk transfer requirements are routinely assessed, qualitative and quantitative risk transfer analyses and memoranda supporting risk transfer are developed by underwriters for all structured products. we have established protocols for structured products that include criteria triggering an accounting review of the contract prior to quoting. if any criterion is triggered, a contract must be reviewed by a committee established by each of our segments with reporting oversight, including peer review, from our global structured transaction review committee.
with respect to ceded reinsurance, we entered into a few multi-year excess of loss retrospectively-rated contracts, principally in 2002. these contracts primarily provided severity protection for specific product divisions. because traditional one-year reinsurance coverage had become relatively costly, these contracts were generally entered in order to secure a more cost-
47
effective reinsurance program. all of these contracts transferred risk and were accounted for as reinsurance. in addition, we maintain a few aggregate excess of loss reinsurance contracts that were principally entered into prior to 2003, such as the national indemnity company (nico) contracts referred to in the section entitled, "asbestos and environmental (a&e)". we have not purchased any other retroactive ceded reinsurance contracts since 1999.
with respect to assumed reinsurance and insurance contracts, products giving rise to judgments regarding risk transfer were primarily sold by our financial solutions business. although we have significantly curtailed writing financial solutions business, several contracts remain in-force and principally include multi-year retrospectively-rated contracts and loss portfolio transfers. because transfer of insurance risk is generally a primary client motivation for purchasing these products, relatively few insurance and reinsurance contracts have historically been written for which we concluded that risk transfer criteria had not been met. for certain insurance contracts that have been reported as deposits, the insured desired to self-insure a risk but was required, legally or otherwise, to purchase insurance so that claimants would be protected by a licensed insurance company in the event of non-payment from the insured.
reinsurance recoverable reinsurance recoverable includes balances due to us from reinsurance companies for paid and unpaid losses and loss expenses and is presented net of a provision for uncollectible reinsurance. the provision for uncollectible reinsurance is determined based upon a review of the financial condition of the reinsurers and other factors. ceded reinsurance contracts do not relieve our primary obligation to our policyholders. consequently, an exposure exists with respect to reinsurance recoverable to the extent that any reinsurer is unable or unwilling to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities assumed under the reinsurance contracts. we determine the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses using actuarial estimates as well as a determination of our ability to cede unpaid losses and loss expenses under existing reinsurance contracts.
the recognition of a reinsurance recoverable asset requires two key judgments. the first judgment involves our estimation based on the amount of gross reserves and the percentage of that amount which may be ceded to reinsurers. ceded ibnr, which is a major component of the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses, is generally developed as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, its estimation is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimation of gross ibnr (refer to "critical accounting estimates - unpaid losses and loss expenses"). the second judgment involves our estimate of the amount of the reinsurance recoverable balance that we may ultimately be unable to recover from reinsurers due to insolvency, contractual dispute, or for other reasons. estimated uncollectible amounts are reflected in a provision that reduces the reinsurance recoverable asset and, in turn, shareholders' equity. changes in the provision for uncollectible reinsurance are reflected in net income.
although the obligation of individual reinsurers to pay their reinsurance obligations is based on specific contract provisions, the collectability of such amounts requires estimation by management. the majority of the recoverable balance will not be due for collection until sometime in the future, and the duration of our recoverables may be longer than the duration of our direct exposures. over this period of time, economic conditions and operational performance of a particular reinsurer may impact their ability to meet these obligations and while they may continue to acknowledge their contractual obligation to do so, they may not have the financial resources or willingness to fully meet their obligation to us.
to estimate the provision for uncollectible reinsurance, the reinsurance recoverable must first be determined for each reinsurer. this determination is based on a process rather than an estimate, although an element of judgment must be applied. as part of the process, ceded ibnr is allocated to reinsurance contracts because ceded ibnr is not generally calculated on a contract by contract basis. the allocations are generally based on premiums ceded under reinsurance contracts, adjusted for actual loss experience and historical relationships between gross and ceded losses. if actual premium and loss experience vary materially from historical experience, the allocation of reinsurance recoverable by reinsurer will be reviewed and may change. while such change is unlikely to result in a large percentage change in the provision for uncollectible reinsurance, it could, nevertheless, have a material effect on our net income in the period recorded.
generally, we use a default analysis to estimate uncollectible reinsurance. the primary components of the default analysis are reinsurance recoverable balances by reinsurer, net of collateral, and default factors used to estimate the probability that the reinsurer may be unable to meet its future obligations in full. the definition of collateral for this purpose requires some judgment and is generally limited to assets held in an ace-only beneficiary trust, letters of credit, and liabilities held by us with the same legal entity for which we believe there is a right of offset. we do not currently include multi-beneficiary trusts. however, we have several reinsurers that have established multi-beneficiary trusts for which certain of our companies are beneficiaries. the determination of the default factor is principally based on the financial strength rating of the reinsurer and a corresponding default factor applicable to the financial strength rating. default factors require considerable judgment and are
48
determined using the current financial strength rating, or rating equivalent, of each reinsurer as well as other key considerations and assumptions. significant considerations and assumptions include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
   for reinsurers that maintain a financial strength rating from a major rating agency, and for which recoverable balances are considered representative of the larger population (i.e., default probabilities are consistent with similarly rated reinsurers and payment durations conform to averages), the judgment exercised by management to determine the provision for uncollectible reinsurance of each reinsurer is typically limited because the financial rating is based on a published source and the default factor we apply is based on a historical default factor of a major rating agency applicable to the particular rating class. default factors applied for financial ratings of aaa, aa, a, bbb, bb, b, and ccc, are 0.8 percent, 1.2 percent, 1.7 percent, 4.9 percent, 19.6 percent, 34.0 percent, and 62.2 percent, respectively. because our model is predicated on the historical default factors of a major rating agency, we do not generally consider alternative factors. however, when a recoverable is expected to be paid in a brief period of time by a highly-rated reinsurer, such as certain property catastrophe claims, a default factor may not be applied;
   for balances recoverable from reinsurers that are both unrated by a major rating agency and for which management is unable to determine a credible rating equivalent based on a parent or affiliated company, we may determine a rating equivalent based on our analysis of the reinsurer that considers an assessment of the creditworthiness of the particular entity, industry benchmarks, or other factors as considered appropriate. we then apply the applicable default factor for that rating class. for balances recoverable from unrated reinsurers for which our ceded reserve is below a certain threshold, we generally apply a default factor of 34.0 percent;
   for balances recoverable from reinsurers that are either insolvent or under regulatory supervision, we establish a default factor and resulting provision for uncollectible reinsurance based on specific facts and circumstances surrounding each company. upon initial notification of an insolvency, we generally recognize expense for a substantial portion of all balances outstanding, net of collateral, through a combination of write-offs of recoverable balances and increases to the provision for uncollectible reinsurance. when regulatory action is taken on a reinsurer, we generally recognize a default factor by estimating an expected recovery on all balances outstanding, net of collateral. when sufficient credible information becomes available, we adjust the provision for uncollectible reinsurance by establishing a default factor pursuant to information received; and
   for captives and other recoverables, management determines the provision for uncollectible reinsurance based on the specific facts and circumstances.
the following table summarizes reinsurance recoverables and the provision for uncollectible reinsurance for each type of recoverable balance at december 31, 2014:
gross reinsurance recoverables on losses and loss expenses                                                 recoverables (net of usable collateral)
provision for uncollectible reinsurance
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
type reinsurers with credit ratings                                                                                     $9,169                                                                                  $8,390         $202
reinsurers not rated                                                                                                  186                                                                                     146           50
reinsurers under supervision and insolvent reinsurers                                                                  98                                                                                      97           54
captives                                                                                                            1,986                                                                                     366           23
other - structured settlements and pools                                                                              910                                                                                     904           28
total                                                                                                             $12,349                                                                                  $9,903         $357
at december 31, 2014, the use of different assumptions within our approach could have a material effect on the provision for uncollectible reinsurance. to the extent the creditworthiness of our reinsurers were to deteriorate due to an adverse event affecting the reinsurance industry, such as a large number of major catastrophes, actual uncollectible amounts could be significantly greater than our provision for uncollectible reinsurance. such an event could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and our liquidity. given the various considerations used to estimate our uncollectible provision, we cannot precisely quantify the effect a specific industry event may have on the provision for uncollectible reinsurance. however, based on the composition (particularly the average credit quality) of the reinsurance recoverable balance at december 31, 2014, we estimate that a ratings downgrade of one notch for all rated reinsurers (i.e., from a to a- or a- to bbb+) could increase our provision for uncollectible reinsurance by approximately $73 million or approximately 0.6 percent of the gross reinsurance recoverable balance, assuming no other changes relevant to the calculation. while a ratings downgrade would result in an increase in our provision for uncollectible reinsurance and a charge to earnings in that period, a downgrade in
49
and of itself does not imply that we will be unable to collect all of the ceded reinsurance recoverable from the reinsurers in question. refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other-than-temporary impairments (otti)
each quarter, we review securities in an unrealized loss position (impaired securities), including fixed maturities, securities lending collateral, equity securities, and other investments, to identify impaired securities to be specifically evaluated for a potential otti. because our investment portfolio is the largest component of consolidated assets and a multiple of shareholders' equity, otti could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. refer to note 3 d) to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the otti process.
deferred tax assets many of our insurance businesses operate in income tax-paying jurisdictions. our deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily result from temporary differences between the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities.  we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities separately for each tax-paying component (an individual entity or group of entities that is consolidated for tax purposes) in each tax jurisdiction. the realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction.
at december 31, 2014, our net deferred tax asset was $295 million. refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. at each balance sheet date, management assesses the need to establish a valuation allowance that reduces deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  the valuation allowance is based on all available information including projections of future taxable income from each tax-paying component in each tax jurisdiction, principally derived from business plans and available tax planning strategies.  projections of future taxable income incorporate several assumptions of future business and operations that are apt to differ from actual experience. the valuation allowance is also based on maintaining our ability and intent to hold our u.s. available for sale fixed maturities to recovery. if our assumptions and estimates that resulted in our forecast of future taxable income for each tax-paying component prove to be incorrect, or future market events occur that prevent our ability to hold our u.s. fixed maturities to recovery, an additional valuation allowance could become necessary, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.  at december 31, 2014, the valuation allowance of $17 million reflects management's assessment that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized due to the inability of certain foreign subsidiaries to generate sufficient taxable income.
fair value measurements accounting guidance defines fair value as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs.
the fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (level 3 inputs):
   level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
   level 2 includes inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for assets or liabilities either directly or indirectly. level 2 inputs include, among other items, quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as interest rates and yield curves.
   level 3 inputs are unobservable and reflect our judgments about assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.
we categorize financial instruments within the valuation hierarchy at the balance sheet date based upon the lowest level of inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement. accordingly, transfers between levels within the valuation hierarchy occur when there are significant changes to the inputs, such as increases or decreases in market activity, changes to the availability of current prices, changes to the transparency to underlying inputs, and whether there are significant variances in quoted prices. transfers in and/or out of any level are assumed to occur at the end of the period.
while we obtain values for the majority of our investment securities from pricing services, it is ultimately our responsibility to determine whether the values obtained in the financial statements are representative of fair value. we periodically update our understanding of the methodologies used by our pricing services in order to validate that the prices obtained from those services
50
are consistent with the gaap definition of fair value as an exit price. based on our understanding of the methodologies, our pricing services only produce an estimate of fair value if there is observable market information that would allow them to make a fair value estimate. based on our understanding of the market inputs used by our pricing services, all applicable investments have been valued in accordance with gaap valuation principles. we have controls to review significant price changes and stale pricing, and to ensure that prices received from pricing services have been accurately reflected in the consolidated financial statements. we do not adjust prices obtained from pricing services.
additionally, fixed maturities valuation is more subjective when markets are less liquid due to the lack of market based inputs (i.e., stale pricing), which may increase the potential that an investment's estimated fair value is not reflective of the price at which an actual transaction would occur. for a small number of fixed maturities, we obtain a quote from a broker (typically a market maker). due to the disclaimers on the quotes that indicate that the price is indicative only, we include these fair value estimates in level 3.
at december 31, 2014 and 2013, level 3 assets represented five percent of assets measured at fair value and three percent of total assets. level 3 liabilities represented 88 percent and 74 percent of liabilities measured at fair value at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and less than one percent of our total liabilities at both december 31, 2014 and 2013. refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the valuation techniques and inputs used to determine fair values for our financial instruments measured or disclosed at fair value by valuation hierarchy (levels 1, 2, and 3) as well as a roll-forward of level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012.
assumed reinsurance programs involving minimum benefit guarantees under variable annuity contracts ace reinsures various death and living benefit guarantees associated with variable annuities issued primarily in the united states and japan. we ceased writing this business in 2007. guarantees which are payable on death are referred to as guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb). guarantees on living benefits (glb) includes guaranteed minimum income benefits (gmib) and guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (gmab). for further description of this product and related accounting treatment, refer to note 1 j) to the consolidated financial statements.
guaranteed living benefits (glb) derivatives our glb reinsurance is classified as a derivative for accounting purposes and therefore carried at fair value. we believe that the most meaningful presentation of these glb derivatives is as follows:
   estimates of the average modeled value of future cash outflows is recorded as incurred losses (i.e., benefit reserves). cash inflows or revenue are reported as net premiums earned and changes in the benefit reserves are reflected as policy benefits expense in the consolidated statement of operations, which is included in underwriting income.
   the incremental difference between the fair value of glb reinsurance contracts and benefit reserves is reflected in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and related changes in fair value are reflected in net realized gains (losses) in the consolidated statement of operations.
determination of glb fair value the fair value of glb reinsurance is estimated using an internal valuation model, which includes current market information and estimates of policyholder behavior from the perspective of a theoretical market participant that would assume these liabilities. all of our treaties contain claim limits, which are factored into the valuation model. the fair value depends on a number of factors, including interest rates, equity markets, credit risk, current account value, market volatility, expected annuitization rates and other policyholder behavior, and changes in policyholder mortality. the model and related assumptions are regularly re-evaluated by management and enhanced, as appropriate, based upon additional experience obtained related to policyholder behavior and availability of more timely market information. due to the inherent uncertainties of the assumptions used in the valuation models to determine the fair value of these derivative products, actual experience may differ materially from the estimates reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
we intend to hold these derivative contracts to maturity (i.e., the expiration of the underlying liabilities through lapse, annuitization, death, or expiration of the reinsurance contract). to partially offset the risk of changes in the fair value of glb reinsurance contracts, we invest in derivative hedge instruments. at maturity, the cumulative realized gains and losses (excluding cumulative hedge gains or losses) from fair value changes of glb reinsurance contracts will net to zero because, over time, the insurance liability will be increased or decreased to equal our obligation.
51
determination of glb and guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb) benefit reserves management established benefit reserves based on a long-term benefit ratio (or loss ratio) calculated using assumptions reflecting management's best estimate of the future short-term and long-term performance of the variable annuity line of business. despite the long-term nature of the risk, the benefit ratio calculation is impacted by short-term market movements that may be judged by management to be transient. management regularly examines both qualitative and quantitative analysis, including a review of the differential between the benefit ratio used at the most recent valuation date and the benefit ratio calculated on subsequent dates. management regularly evaluates its estimates and uses judgment to determine the extent to which assumptions underlying the benefit ratio calculation should be adjusted. for the year ended december 31, 2014, management determined that no change to the benefit ratio was warranted.
for further information on the estimates and assumptions used in determining the fair value of glb reinsurance, refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. for a sensitivity discussion of the effect of changes in interest rates, equity indices, and other assumptions on the fair value of glbs, and the resulting impact on our net income, refer to item 7a.
risk management we employ a strategy to manage the financial market and policyholder behavior risks embedded in the reinsurance of variable annuity (va) guarantees. risk management begins with underwriting a prospective client and guarantee design, with particular focus on protecting our position from policyholder options that, because of anti-selective behavior, could adversely impact our obligation.
a second layer of risk management is the structure of the reinsurance contracts. all va guarantee reinsurance contracts include some form of annual or aggregate claim limit(s). for example, for 60 percent of the gmdb portfolio (based on guaranteed value), there is an annual claim limit of 2 percent of account value. the different categories of claim limits are as follows:
reinsurance program covering                                                                                                 % of total guaranteed value (gv)   % of gv that has additional reinsurance coverage   additional terms gmdb with an annual claim limit of 2% of account value (av)                                                                                 60% of total gmdb                                         2% for glb   n/a gmdb with claim limit(s) that are a function of underlying gv (varies from 0.4% to 2.0% of gv)                                              30% of total gmdb                                        80% for glb   l 60% of gv subject to annual claim deductibles(1) of 0.1% to 0.2% of gvl 45% of gv subject to an aggregate claim limit of approximately $384 million gmdb and gmab                                                                                                                                10% of total glb                                                n/a   l programs are quota-share (qs) agreements with qs % decreasing as ratio of av to gv decreases: - qs 100% for ratios between 100% - 75% - qs 60% for ratios between 75% - 45% - qs 30% for ratios less than 45%l 35% of gv subject to a per policy claim deductible of 8.8% of gv for gmab only(1)
10% of total gmdb gmib with an annual claim limit of 10% of gv on over 95% of gv                                                                               60% of total glb                                       45% for gmdb   l annual annuitization limit range 17.5% - 30%: - 55% subject to limit of 30% - 45% subject to limit of 20% or underl 42% of gv subject to minimum annuity conversion factors that limits exposure to low interest rates gmib with an aggregate claim limit of $1.9 billion                                                                                           30% of total glb                                       40% for gmdb   l annual annuitization limit of 20%l 60% of gv subject to minimum annuity conversion factors that limit exposure to low interest ratesl 35% of gv subject to an aggregate claim deductible of 2% of underlying annuity deposits
(1) ace would only pay total annual claims in excess of deductibles.
52
a third layer of risk management is the hedging strategy which looks to mitigate both long-term economic loss over time as well as dampen income statement volatility. we owned financial market instruments as part of the hedging strategy with a fair value liability of $19 million and $54 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the instruments are substantially collateralized by our counterparties, on a daily basis.
we also limit the aggregate amount of variable annuity reinsurance guarantee risk we are willing to assume. the last substantive transactions were quoted in late 2007. the aggregate number of policyholders is currently decreasing through policyholder withdrawals, annuitizations, and deaths at a rate of 5 percent to 15 percent per annum.
note that glb claims cannot occur for any reinsured policy until it has reached the end of its "waiting period". 48 percent of the policies we reinsure reached the end of their "waiting periods" in 2014 and prior, as shown in the table below.
year of first payment eligibility   percent of living benefitaccount values
2014 and prior                                        48   %
2015                                         6   %
2016                                         6   %
2017                                        19   %
2018                                        13   %
2019 and after                                         8   %
total                                       100   %
the following table presents the historical cash flows under these policies for the periods indicated. the amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid, split by benefit type.
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                  2014                                       2013                                        2012
gmdb                                        glb          total           gmdb          glb          total           gmdb           glb          total premium received                   $71          $138           $209           $77          $149           $226            $84          $160           $244
less paid claims                    39            13             52            63            23             86             99            11            110
net cash received (paid)           $32          $125           $157           $14          $126           $140           $(15   )      $149           $134
collateral ace holds collateral on behalf of most of its clients in the form of qualified assets in trust or letters of credit, typically in an amount sufficient for the client to obtain statutory reserve credit for the reinsurance.  the timing of the calculation and amount of the collateral varies by client according to the particulars of the reinsurance treaty and the statutory reserve guidelines of the client's domicile.
53
goodwill impairment goodwill, which represents the excess of acquisition cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired, was $4.9 billion and $4.6 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. during 2014, our goodwill balance increased 7 percent, primarily due to acquisitions. goodwill is not amortized but is subject to a periodic evaluation for impairment at least annually, or earlier if there are any indications of possible impairment. impairment is tested at the reporting unit level. goodwill is assigned to applicable reporting units of acquired entities at acquisition. the most significant reporting units are:
   new york life's korea operations and hong kong operations acquired in 2011;
   rain and hail insurance service, inc. (rain and hail) acquired in 2010;
   north american division of combined insurance acquired in 2008;
   domestic and international divisions of ace ina acquired in 1999, including subsequent international acquisitions; and
   ace tempest re's businesses acquired in 1996 and 1998.
the impairment evaluation first uses a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than a 50 percent probability) that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. if a reporting unit fails this qualitative assessment, a quantitative analysis is then used. the quantitative analysis is a two-step process in which an initial assessment for potential impairment is performed and, if a potential impairment is present, the amount of impairment is measured and recorded.
other reporting units from smaller acquisitions are also assessed annually. based on our impairment testing for 2014, we determined no impairment was required and none of our reporting units were at risk for impairment.
in assessing the fair value of a reporting unit, we make assumptions and estimates about the profitability attributable to our reporting units, including:
   short-term and long-term growth rates; and
   estimated cost of equity and changes in long-term risk-free interest rates.
if our assumptions and estimates made in assessing the fair value of acquired entities change, we could be required to write-down the carrying value of goodwill which could be material to our results of operations in the period the charge is taken.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
consolidated operating results - years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2014                2013            2012            2014 vs. 2013             2013 vs. 2012
net premiums written                                      $17,799             $17,025         $16,075                      4.6    %                  5.9    %
net premiums earned                                        17,426              16,613          15,677                      4.9    %                  6.0    %
net investment income                                       2,252               2,144           2,181                      5.1    %                 (1.7   )%
net realized gains (losses)                                  (507   )             504              78                       nm                        nm total revenues                                             19,171              19,261          17,936                     (0.5   )%                  7.4    %
losses and loss expenses                                    9,649               9,348           9,653                      3.2    %                 (3.2   )%
policy benefits                                               517                 515             521                      0.4    %                 (1.2   )%
policy acquisition costs                                    3,075               2,659           2,446                     15.6    %                  8.7    %
administrative expenses                                     2,245               2,211           2,096                      1.5    %                  5.5    %
interest expense                                              280                 275             250                      1.8    %                 10.0    %
other (income) expense                                        (82   )              15              (6   )                   nm                        nm total expenses                                             15,684              15,023          14,960                      4.4    %                  0.4    %
income before income tax                                    3,487               4,238           2,976                    (17.7   )%                 42.4    %
income tax expense                                            634                 480             270                     32.1    %                 77.8    %
net income                                                 $2,853              $3,758          $2,706                    (24.1   )%                 38.9    %
nm - not meaningful
54
the following tables present a breakdown of consolidated net premiums written:
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            2014                    2013                    2012            2014 vs. 2013             2013 vs. 2012
commercial p&amp;c (retail and wholesale)                      $8,235                  $7,887                  $7,237                      4.4    %                  9.0    %
personal and small commercial lines                             2,292                   1,909                   1,454                     20.0    %                 31.3    %
reinsurance                                                       935                     991                   1,025                     (5.7   )%                 (3.3   )%
property, casualty and all other                               11,462                  10,787                   9,716                      6.3    %                 11.0    %
agriculture                                                     1,590                   1,627                   1,859                     (2.3   )%                (12.5   )%
personal accident (a&amp;h)                                     3,735                   3,655                   3,532                      2.2    %                  3.5    %
life                                                            1,012                     956                     968                      5.9    %                 (1.2   )%
total consolidated                                            $17,799                 $17,025                 $16,075                      4.6    %                  5.9    %
total consolidated - constant dollars (c$) (1)                                        $16,847                 $15,926                      5.7    %                 6.9%
2014                    2013                    2012
% of total              % of total              % of total commercial p&amp;c (retail and wholesale)                          46   %                  46   %                  45   %
personal and small commercial lines                                13   %                  11   %                   9   %
reinsurance                                                         5   %                   6   %                   6   %
property, casualty and all other                                   64   %                  63   %                  60   %
agriculture                                                         9   %                  10   %                  12   %
personal accident (a&amp;h)                                        21   %                  21   %                  22   %
life                                                                6   %                   6   %                   6   %
total consolidated                                                100   %                 100   %                 100   %
(1)   on a constant-dollar basis. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
net premiums written reflect the premiums we retain after purchasing reinsurance protection. net premiums written increased in our insurance - overseas general segment on a constant-dollar basis from new business writings in our retail operations in all product lines - personal lines, a&h, and p&c and from the acquisitions of fianzas monterrey in april 2013, aba seguros in may 2013, samaggi in april 2014, and itau seguros in october 2014. foreign exchange adversely impacted growth on an as reported basis. our insurance - north american p&c segment reported an increase in net premiums written from growth across a broad range of our product portfolio throughout our ace usa retail and our wholesale divisions, as well as in our commercial risk services and ace private risk services divisions, primarily reflecting strong renewal retention and new business. our life segment also reported an increase in net premiums written primarily due to growth in our asian markets. net premiums written decreased in our insurance - north american agriculture segment due to lower multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) revenues reflecting lower commodity prices, partially offset by higher premium retention as a result of the non-renewal of a third-party proportional reinsurance agreement. our global reinsurance segment also reported a decrease in net premiums written due to the non-renewal of a large workers' compensation treaty, partially offset by new business.
net premiums written increased in 2013 due to higher net premiums written in our insurance - overseas general segment on a constant-dollar basis driven by strong performance in our retail operations in all product lines - p&c, a&h, and personal lines. the acquisitions of aba seguros and fianzas monterrey (mexican acquisitions), and jaya proteksi in september 2012 also added to premium growth. foreign exchange adversely impacted growth on an as reported basis. our insurance - north american p&c segment also reported increases in net premiums written in our ace usa retail division from growth across a broad range of our product portfolio reflecting rate increases, exposure changes, strong renewal retention, and new business. net written premiums decreased in our insurance - north american agriculture segment due to lower premium retention in our mpci program.
net premiums earned for short-duration contracts, typically p&c contracts, generally reflect the portion of net premiums written that were recorded as revenues for the period as the exposure periods expire. net premiums earned for long-duration contracts,
55
typically traditional life contracts, generally are recognized as earned when due from policyholders. net premiums earned increased in 2014 in our insurance - overseas general, insurance - north american p&c, and life segments as described above. our global reinsurance segment also reported an increase in net premiums earned primarily from the shorter earning period on certain of the new business written this year including two non-recurring short-term treaties. net premiums earned decreased in our insurance - north american agriculture segment from lower net premiums written as described above.
net premiums earned increased in 2013 in our insurance - overseas general segment driven by strong performance in all product lines and our acquisitions as described above. our insurance - north american p&c segment also reported increases in net premiums earned from higher net premiums written as described above. net premiums earned decreased in our insurance - north american agriculture and global reinsurance segments from lower net premiums written as described above.
net investment income was $2.3 billion for 2014, $2.1 billion for 2013, and $2.2 billion for 2012. refer to "net investment income" and "investments" for additional information.
in evaluating our segments excluding life, we use the combined ratio, the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. we calculate these ratios by dividing the respective expense amounts by net premiums earned. we do not calculate these ratios for the life segment as we do not use these measures to monitor or manage that segment. the combined ratio is determined by adding the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. a combined ratio under 100 percent indicates underwriting income and a combined ratio exceeding 100 percent indicates underwriting loss.
the following table presents the components of gaap combined ratio as well as a reconciliation of gaap combined ratio to p&c combined ratio. the p&c combined ratio is a non-gaap financial measure and includes the impact of realized gains and losses on crop derivatives. these derivatives were purchased to provide economic benefit, in a manner similar to reinsurance protection, in the event that a significant decline in commodity pricing impacts underwriting results. we view gains and losses on these derivatives as part of the results of our underwriting operations.
2014                                           2013          2012
loss and loss expense ratio     58.7   %       59.6   %      65.7   %
policy acquisition cost ratio   16.8   %       15.7   %      15.3   %
administrative expense ratio    12.6   %       12.7   %      12.9   %
gaap combined ratio             88.1   %       88.0   %      93.9   %
gains on crop derivatives       (0.4   )%         -             -
p&amp;c combined ratio          87.7   %       88.0   %      93.9   %
the following table presents the impact of catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums and prior period reserve development on our consolidated loss and loss expense ratio, including gains on crop derivatives:
2014                                                                                2013             2012
loss and loss expense ratio, including gains on crop derivatives   58.3   %         59.6    %        65.7    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums              (1.9   )%        (1.5   )%        (4.6   )%
prior period development                                            3.4   %          3.7    %         3.5    %
loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted                              59.8   %         61.8    %        64.6    %
total net pre-tax catastrophe losses, excluding reinstatement premiums, were $291 million in 2014, compared with $230 million in 2013 and $633 million in 2012. catastrophe losses in 2014 were primarily related to severe weather-related events in the u.s., japan, and australia; flooding and hailstorms in europe; and a hurricane in mexico. catastrophe losses in 2013 were primarily from flooding in canada and australia and severe weather-related events in the u.s. catastrophe losses in 2012 were primarily from superstorm sandy, hurricane isaac, other severe weather-related events in the u.s. and canada, and flooding in the u.k. the adjusted loss and loss expense was lower in 2014 due to underwriting actions improving loss ratios on several portfolios in the current year and higher losses in 2013 in our mpci program.
prior period development arises from changes to loss estimates recognized in the current year that relate to loss events that occurred in previous calendar years and excludes the effect of losses from the development of earned premium from previous
56
accident years. we experienced net favorable prior period development of $527 million in 2014, $530 million in 2013, and $479 million in 2012, which includes an asbestos and environmental (a&e) and other run-off charge of $215 million, $166 million, and $140 million, respectively. refer to "prior period development" for additional information.
policy acquisition costs consist of commissions, premium taxes, and certain underwriting costs related directly to the successful acquisition of a new or renewal insurance contract. administrative expenses include all other operating costs. our policy acquisition cost ratio increased in 2014 primarily due to the normal impact of initial year purchase accounting adjustments related to our mexican acquisitions which favorably impacted the 2013 ratio. as a result of purchase accounting requirements, the unearned premiums at the date of purchase related to the businesses acquired are recognized over the remaining coverage period with no expense for the associated historical acquisition costs that were incurred to underwrite those policies. in addition, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased due to a change in the overall mix of business towards a&h and personal lines products in regions that have higher acquisition cost ratios. our policy acquisition cost ratio increased in 2013 primarily due to a decrease in net premiums earned and higher agent commissions in our insurance - north american agriculture segment's mpci business. the 2012 ratio was favorably impacted by higher premium retention and lower agent commissions in the mpci business caused by the drought conditions in the u.s. this increase was partially offset by a lower policy acquisition cost ratio in our insurance - overseas general segment primarily due to the relatively lower acquisition costs expensed by our new mexican operations.
our administrative expense ratio decreased slightly in 2014 as growth in net premiums earned outpaced growth in administrative expenses, partially offset by the favorable impact of a $29 million prior year legal settlement. our administrative expense ratio decreased in 2013 primarily due to the favorable impact of the legal settlement in 2013 and growth in net premiums earned that outpaced the growth in administrative expenses in our insurance - north american p&c segment. this favorable impact was offset by a decrease in our insurance - north american agriculture segment's net premiums earned as well as the impact of lower administrative and operating expense (a&o) reimbursements in our mpci business.
our effective income tax rate, which we calculate as income tax expense divided by income before income tax, is dependent upon the mix of earnings from different jurisdictions with various tax rates. a change in the geographic mix of earnings would change the effective income tax rate. our effective income tax rate was 18.2 percent in 2014, compared with 11.3 percent and 9.1 percent in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the effective income tax rate in 2014 is higher compared to 2013 primarily due to both net realized losses and a lower percentage of operating earnings being generated in lower tax paying jurisdictions as well as a $115 million change to deferred tax assets that resulted from the decline in the book value of certain foreign subsidiaries, related to unrealized foreign exchange losses. the increase in our effective income tax rate in 2013 compared to 2012 was due to the favorable resolution of various prior years' tax matters and the closing of statutes of limitations of $124 million during 2012. partially offsetting the increase in the 2013 effective tax rate was the impact of both net realized gains on derivatives and a higher percentage of earnings being generated in lower tax paying jurisdictions during 2013. the lower tax rates attributed to our foreign operations primarily reflects lower corporate tax rates that prevail outside of the u.s. during 2014, approximately 66 percent of our total pre-tax income was tax effected based on these lower rates. the significant jurisdictions outside of the u.s. include the u.k., switzerland, and bermuda with effective federal income tax rates in those countries of 21.5 percent, 7.83 percent, and 0.0 percent, respectively.
57
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
prior period development years ended december 31(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)   long-tail            short-tail                total           % of net unpaidreserves (1)
2014
insurance - north american p&amp;c - active                                    $(298         )      $(56            )         $(354   )                               2.2   %
insurance - north american p&amp;c - run-off(2)                                247                  -                           247                                   1.6   %
insurance - north american agriculture                                         -                 34                              34                                   6.8   %
insurance - overseas general                                                   (181          )      (210            )          (391   )                               4.8   %
global reinsurance                                                             (52           )      (11             )           (63   )                               2.9   %
total                                                                          $(284         )      $(243           )         $(527   )                               2.0   %
2013
insurance - north american p&amp;c - active                                    $(221         )      $(106           )         $(327   )                               2.1   %
insurance - north american p&amp;c - run-off(2)                                193                  -                           193                                   1.2   %
insurance - north american agriculture                                         -                    (13             )           (13   )                               4.0   %
insurance - overseas general                                                   (127          )      (172            )          (299   )                               3.8   %
global reinsurance                                                             (53           )      (31             )           (84   )                               3.6   %
total                                                                          $(208         )      $(322           )         $(530   )                               2.0   %
2012
insurance - north american p&amp;c - active                                    $(245         )      $(103           )         $(348   )                               2.2   %
insurance - north american p&amp;c - run-off(2)                                168                  -                           168                                   1.1   %
insurance - north american agriculture                                         -                    (12             )           (12   )                               2.6   %
insurance - overseas general                                                   (121          )      (105            )          (226   )                               3.1   %
global reinsurance                                                             (32           )      (29             )           (61   )                               2.7   %
total                                                                          $(230         )      $(249           )         $(479   )                               1.9   %
(1)   calculated based on the segment's total beginning of period net unpaid loss and loss expenses reserves.
(2)   brandywine holdings and westchester specialty operations in respect of 1996 and prior years.
for a discussion of significant prior period movements by segment, refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
58
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
segment operating results - years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012
we operate through five business segments: insurance - north american p&c, insurance - north american agriculture, insurance - overseas general, global reinsurance, and life. for additional information refer to "segment information" under item 1. the discussions that follow include tables that show our segment operating results for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012.
insurance - north american insurance - north american p&c the insurance - north american p&c segment comprises our operations in the u.s., canada, and bermuda. this segment includes our retail divisions: ace usa (including ace canada), ace commercial risk services, and ace private risk services; our wholesale and specialty divisions: ace westchester and ace bermuda; and various run-off operations, including brandywine holdings corporation (brandywine).
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2014                2013                2012            2014 vs. 2013             2013 vs. 2012
net premiums written                                       $6,263              $5,915              $5,349                      5.9    %                 10.6    %
net premiums earned                                         6,107               5,721               5,147                      6.8    %                 11.1    %
losses and loss expenses                                    4,086               3,776               3,715                      8.2    %                  1.6    %
policy acquisition costs                                      634                 597                 558                      6.2    %                  7.0    %
administrative expenses                                       678                 601                 608                     12.8    %                 (1.2   )%
underwriting income                                           709                 747                 266                     (5.1   )%                180.8    %
net investment income                                       1,085               1,021               1,066                      6.3    %                 (4.2   )%
net realized gains (losses)                                   (67   )              72                  41                       nm                      75.6    %
interest expense                                                9                   5                  12                     80.0    %                (58.3   )%
other (income) expense                                       (101   )             (58   )             (41   )                74.1%                     41.5%
income tax expense                                            306                 347                 229                    (11.8   )%                 51.5    %
net income                                                 $1,513              $1,546              $1,173                     (2.1   )%                 31.8    %
loss and loss expense ratio                                  66.9   %            66.0   %            72.2   %
policy acquisition cost ratio                                10.4   %            10.4   %            10.8   %
administrative expense ratio                                 11.1   %            10.5   %            11.8   %
combined ratio                                               88.4   %            86.9   %            94.8   %
net premiums written increased in 2014 in our ace usa retail division from growth across a broad range of our product portfolio, including our risk management, general and specialty casualty, a&h, professional risk, and surety lines of business reflecting strong renewal retention and new business. this growth was partially offset by reductions in our retail property division reflecting a more competitive market and rate decreases. net premiums written grew in our wholesale division from higher production in our casualty, property, and professional lines of business, and in our commercial risk services division, primarily due to growth in our specialty and program business. our personal lines division contributed to the increase in net premiums written due to higher production in the homeowners, automobile and umbrella business offered through ace private risk services.
net premiums written increased in 2013 in our ace usa retail division from growth across a broad range of our product portfolio including our risk management business, specialty casualty, professional, property, and a&h lines of business reflecting rate increases, exposure changes, strong renewal retention, and new business. in addition, we grew net premiums written in our commercial risk services division, primarily management and professional lines of business and programs, and our personal lines division, primarily in the homeowners, automobile, and umbrella business offered through ace private risk services. our wholesale and specialty division contributed to the increase in net premiums written due to higher production from our property, casualty, and professional lines of business.
59
net premiums earned increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to the increase in net premiums written as described above. in 2013, growth in net premiums earned for the retail division was partially offset by lower earned premiums from our program business.
the following tables present a line of business breakdown of insurance - north american p&c net premiums earned:
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            2014                    2013                    2012            2014 vs. 2013            2013 vs. 2012
commercial p&amp;c (retail and wholesale)                      $4,785                  $4,524                  $4,031                      5.8   %                 12.2   %
personal and small commercial lines                               909                     812                     745                     11.9   %                  9.0   %
personal accident (a&amp;h)                                       413                     385                     371                      7.3   %                  3.8   %
net premiums earned                                            $6,107                  $5,721                  $5,147                      6.8   %                 11.1   %
2014                    2013                    2012
% of total              % of total              % of total commercial p&amp;c (retail and wholesale)                          78   %                  79   %                  78   %
personal and small commercial lines                                15   %                  14   %                  15   %
personal accident (a&amp;h)                                         7   %                   7   %                   7   %
net premiums earned                                               100   %                 100   %                 100   %
the following table presents the impact of catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums and prior period reserve development on our loss and loss expense ratio:
2014                                                                     2013             2012
loss and loss expense ratio, as reported                66.9   %         66.0    %        72.2    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums   (2.2   )%        (1.7   )%        (8.5   )%
prior period development                                 1.9   %          2.5    %         3.7    %
loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted                   66.6   %         66.8    %        67.4    %
net pre-tax catastrophe losses, excluding reinstatement premiums, were $132 million in 2014, compared with $94 million in 2013 and $430 million in 2012. catastrophe losses in 2014 were primarily from severe weather-related events in the u.s., bermuda and australia, as well as a hurricane in mexico. catastrophe losses in 2013 were primarily from flooding in canada and severe weather-related events in the u.s. catastrophe losses in 2012 were primarily from superstorm sandy, hurricane isaac, and other severe weather-related events in the u.s. and canada. net favorable prior period development was $107 million in 2014, compared with $134 million in 2013 and $180 million in 2012. refer to the "prior period development" section for additional information. the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio decreased in 2014 due to lower loss ratios in several of our lines where a combination of the execution of detailed portfolio management plans, product mix and earned rate changes have resulted in improved current accident year loss ratio performance. the improvement was partially offset by higher non-catastrophe large losses in the current year. in 2013, the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio benefited from lower loss ratios in several of our lines where a combination of the execution of detailed portfolio management plans, product mix and earned rate changes have resulted in improved current accident year loss ratio performance. partially offsetting the improvement in the 2013 current accident year loss ratio performance is higher premiums from assumed loss portfolio programs, which is written at a higher loss ratio than other lines of business.
the policy acquisition cost ratio remained flat in 2014. the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased in 2013 primarily due to growth in certain businesses that have lower acquisition cost ratios.
the administrative expense ratio was higher in 2014 compared to the prior year ratio which included a 0.5 point favorable impact related to a $29 million legal settlement. excluding the impact of the legal settlement, the administrative expense ratio remained relatively flat compared with the prior year. the administrative expense ratio decreased in 2013 primarily due to the favorable impact of the legal settlement in 2013 as noted above and growth in net premiums earned that outpaced the growth in administrative expenses.
60
insurance - north american agriculture the insurance - north american agriculture segment comprises our north american based businesses that provide a variety of coverages in the u.s. and canada including crop insurance, primarily mpci and crop-hail through rain and hail as well as farm and ranch and specialty p&c commercial insurance products and services through our ace agribusiness unit.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2014                2013                2012             2014 vs. 2013             2013 vs. 2012
net premiums written                                       $1,590              $1,627              $1,859                      (2.3   )%        (12.5           )%
net premiums earned                                         1,526               1,678               1,872                      (9.1   )%        (10.4           )%
losses and loss expenses (1)                                1,300               1,525               1,911                     (14.8   )%        (20.2           )%
policy acquisition costs                                       81                  53                  28                      52.8    %                 89.3   %
administrative expenses                                         9                  11                  (7    )                (18.2   )%        nm underwriting income (loss)                                    136                  89                 (60    )                52.8%             nm net investment income                                          26                  26                  25                         -                       4.0   %
net realized gains (losses) (1)                                 3                   2                   1                      50.0    %                100.0   %
interest expense                                                -                   1                   -                        nm             nm other (income) expense                                         33                  32                  32                       3.1    %        -
income tax expense (benefit)                                   33                  20                 (29    )                65.0%             nm net income (loss)                                             $99                 $64                $(37    )                54.7%             nm loss and loss expense ratio                                  85.2   %            90.9   %           102.1    %
policy acquisition cost ratio                                 5.3   %             3.2   %             1.5    %
administrative expense ratio                                  0.6   %             0.6   %            (0.4   )%
combined ratio                                               91.1   %            94.7   %           103.2    %
(1)   (gains) losses on crop derivatives are reclassified from net realized gains (losses) to losses and loss expenses for purposes of presenting insurance - north american agriculture underwriting income. refer to note 10 and note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on these derivatives.
net premiums written decreased in 2014 principally due to lower commodity prices and higher premium cessions to the u.s. government in 2014 for the mpci business. under the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formula, we retained more premiums in 2013 as losses were higher. the decrease in net premiums written was partially offset by higher premium retention as a result of the non-renewal of a third-party proportional reinsurance agreement.
net premiums written decreased in 2013 primarily due to lower premium retention in our mpci program. retention for 2013 was lower due to the purchase of proportional reinsurance on the mpci business for the 2013 crop year, which was in addition to the excess of loss reinsurance coverage historically purchased.
net premiums earned decreased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to the factors described above.
the following table presents the impact of catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums and prior period reserve development on our loss and loss expense ratio:
2014                                                                     2013             2012
loss and loss expense ratio, as reported                85.2   %         90.9    %       102.1    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums   (0.8   )%        (0.4   )%        (0.6   )%
prior period development                                (2.6   )%         0.8    %         0.7    %
loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted                   81.8   %         91.3    %       102.2    %
net pre-tax catastrophe losses, excluding reinstatement premiums, were $13 million in 2014, compared with $7 million in 2013 and $11 million in 2012. net prior period development was $34 million unfavorable in 2014, compared with $13 million favorable in 2013 and $12 million favorable in 2012. for 2014, the amount includes an increase in incurred losses of $64 million for higher than expected mpci losses for the 2013 crop year, as well as $26 million of favorable increase in net premiums earned related to the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formula. refer to the "prior period
61
development" section for additional information. the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio declined in 2014 due to lower commodity prices in the prior year that resulted in higher losses in our mpci program in 2013. the lower ratio in 2014 also reflects the benefit of our crop derivatives entered into in 2014. the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio for 2013 reflects higher losses resulting from lower commodity prices at the time of harvest as compared to the original base price used at the time the insurance contract is sold. despite this increase, the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio for 2013 declined over 2012 because 2012 was adversely impacted by the u.s. drought.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased in 2014, primarily due to less net premiums earned in our mpci business as a result of lower commodity prices, a reduction in ceded commission benefits on third-party reinsurance primarily due to the non-renewal of a third-party proportional reinsurance agreement, and lower agent commission accruals in 2013. the policy acquisition cost ratio increased in 2013 primarily due to lower agent commission accruals in 2012, partially offset by the cede commission benefit from the third party proportional reinsurance purchased on the 2013 crop year. the u.s. drought significantly impacted the profitability of the mpci business in 2012, and in years when the mpci program is in an unprofitable position as defined in the sra there are no agent profit share commissions. the increase for 2013 also reflects a $14 million benefit in 2012 reflecting a revision in estimated agent profit share commissions for the prior year's mpci business.
the administrative expense ratio remained flat compared with the prior year. the administrative expense ratio increased in 2013 primarily due to higher administrative and operating expense (a&o) reimbursements on the mpci business in 2012 mainly due to additional reimbursements earned for high loss ratio states and underserved states. under the sra with the federal government, ace receives additional expense reimbursements when losses in individual states exceed a specified threshold.
insurance - overseas general the insurance - overseas general segment comprises ace international, ace global markets (agm), and the international supplemental a&h business of combined insurance. ace international comprises our retail commercial p&c, a&h, and personal lines businesses serving territories outside the u.s., bermuda, and canada.  agm comprises the segment's london-based wholesale insurance business for excess and surplus lines; this includes lloyd's of london syndicate 2488. the reinsurance operations of agm are included in the global reinsurance segment.
% change
(in millions of u.s dollars, except for percentages)        2014                2013                2012            2014 vs. 2013              2013 vs. 2012
net premiums written                                      $6,999              $6,520              $5,863                      7.4    %   (1)            11.2    %   (1)
net premiums earned                                        6,805               6,333               5,740                      7.5    %                  10.3    %
losses and loss expenses                                   3,189               3,062               2,862                      4.1    %                   7.0    %
policy acquisition costs                                   1,625               1,453               1,353                     11.8    %                   7.4    %
administrative expenses                                    1,026               1,008                 935                      1.8    %                   7.8    %
underwriting income                                          965                 810                 590                     19.1    %                  37.3    %
net investment income                                        545                 539                 521                      1.1    %                   3.5    %
net realized gains (losses)                                  (78   )              18                 103                       nm                      (82.5   )%
interest expense                                               6                   5                   5                     20.0    %                     -
other (income) expense                                        11                  39                   3                    (71.8   )%                    nm income tax expense                                           378                 222                 133                     70.3    %                  66.9    %
net income                                                $1,037              $1,101              $1,073                     (5.8   )%                   2.6    %
loss and loss expense ratio                                 46.9   %            48.4   %            49.8   %
policy acquisition cost ratio                               23.9   %            22.9   %            23.6   %
administrative expense ratio                                15.0   %            15.9   %            16.3   %
combined ratio                                              85.8   %            87.2   %            89.7   %
(1)  for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, net premiums written increased $601 million or 9.4% and $787 million or 13.7% on a constant-dollar basis, respectively. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
net premiums written increased in 2014 on a constant-dollar basis from new business writings in our retail operations in all product lines - personal lines, a&h, and p&c. the increase in personal lines reflected growth in all regions, and a&h growth
62
was driven by strong results in all regions except europe. p&c growth was driven primarily by new business writings in asia and latin america. in addition, the acquisitions of fianzas monterrey in april 2013, aba seguros in may 2013, samaggi in april 2014, and itau seguros in october 2014 added $310 million of growth to premiums. foreign exchange adversely impacted growth for 2014 on an as reported basis.
net premiums written increased in 2013 on a constant-dollar basis driven by strong performance in our retail operations and from acquisitions. growth was reported in our retail operations in all product lines - p&c, a&h, and personal lines. p&c growth was reported across all regions of our retail operations, driven by strong renewal retention and improved new business writings. a&h growth was primarily driven by strong results in asia and latin america. personal lines growth reflected new business opportunities in europe, latin america, and asia. in addition, the acquisitions of aba seguros, fianzas monterrey, and jaya proteksi in september 2012, added $407 million of growth to premiums. foreign exchange adversely impacted growth for 2013 on an as reported basis.
net premiums earned increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to the increase in net premiums written as described above.
insurance - overseas general conducts business internationally and in most major foreign currencies. the following tables present a line of business and regional breakdown of insurance - overseas general net premiums earned:
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            2014                    2013                    2012                 c$(1)2013             c$(1)2012        2014 vs. 2013             2013 vs. 2012        c$(1) 2014 vs. 2013             c$(1) 2013 vs. 2012
line of business commercial p&amp;c (retail and wholesale)                      $3,226                  $3,113                  $2,941              $3,093                $2,902                        3.6    %                  5.8    %                   4.3    %                        7.3   %
personal and small commercial lines                             1,295                   1,038                     674                 987                   624                       24.8    %                 54.0    %                  31.2    %                       66.4   %
personal accident (a&amp;h)                                     2,284                   2,182                   2,125               2,129                 2,094                        4.7    %                  2.7    %                   7.3    %                        4.2   %
net premiums earned                                            $6,805                  $6,333                  $5,740              $6,209                $5,620                        7.5    %                 10.3    %                   9.6    %                       12.7   %
region europe / u.k.(2)                                               $3,115                  $3,058                  $2,917              $3,203                $2,941                        1.9    %                  4.8    %                  (2.7   )%                        4.0   %
asia pacific                                                    1,571                   1,383                   1,244               1,235                 1,231                       13.6    %                 11.2    %                  27.2    %                       12.3   %
far east                                                          433                     458                     525                 423                   436                       (5.5   )%                (12.8   )%                   2.4    %                        5.0   %
latin america                                                   1,686                   1,434                   1,054               1,348                 1,012                       17.6    %                 36.1    %                  25.1    %                       41.7   %
net premiums earned                                            $6,805                  $6,333                  $5,740              $6,209                $5,620                        7.5    %                 10.3    %                   9.6    %                       12.7   %
2014                    2013                    2012
% of total              % of total              % of total line of business commercial p&amp;c (retail and wholesale)                          47   %                  49   %                  51   %
personal and small commercial lines                                19   %                  16   %                  12   %
personal accident (a&amp;h)                                        34   %                  35   %                  37   %
net premiums earned                                               100   %                 100   %                 100   %
region europe / u.k.(2)                                                   46   %                  48   %                  51   %
asia pacific                                                       23   %                  22   %                  22   %
far east                                                            6   %                   7   %                   9   %
latin america                                                      25   %                  23   %                  18   %
net premiums earned                                               100   %                 100   %                 100   %
(1) on a constant-dollar basis. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
(2) europe/u.k. includes eurasia and africa region.
63
the following table presents the impact of catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums and prior period reserve development on our loss and loss expense ratio:
2014                                                                     2013             2012
loss and loss expense ratio, as reported                46.9   %         48.4    %        49.8    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums   (1.6   )%        (1.4   )%        (1.4   )%
prior period development                                 5.7   %          4.7    %         4.0    %
loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted                   51.0   %         51.7    %        52.4    %
net pre-tax catastrophe losses, excluding reinstatement premiums, were $112 million in 2014, compared with $88 million in 2013 and $76 million in 2012. catastrophe losses in 2014 were primarily related to flooding in europe, severe storms in japan, a hurricane in mexico, and a hailstorm in australia. catastrophe losses in 2013 were primarily related to flooding in australia, europe, and canada, as well as hurricanes in latin america, and an earthquake in new zealand. catastrophe losses in 2012 were primarily from superstorm sandy, hurricane isaac, and flooding in the u.k. net favorable prior period development was $391 million in 2014, compared with $299 million in 2013 and $226 million in 2012. refer to the "prior period development" section for additional information. the adjusted loss ratio decreased in 2014 due primarily to both mix of business and underwriting actions which improved loss ratios on several portfolios. the adjusted loss ratio decreased in 2013 due primarily to large property losses in 2012 which unfavorably impacted the 2012 ratio.
the policy acquisition ratio increased in 2014 due primarily to the normal impact of initial year purchase accounting adjustments related to our mexican acquisitions which favorably impacted the 2013 policy acquisition cost ratio by 0.6 points. as a result of purchase accounting requirements, the unearned premiums at the date of purchase related to the businesses acquired are recognized over the remaining coverage period with no expense for the associated historical acquisition costs that were incurred to underwrite those policies. in addition, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased due to a change in the overall mix of business towards a&h and personal lines products in regions that have higher acquisition cost ratios. the policy acquisition ratio decreased in 2013 primarily due to the relatively lower acquisition costs expensed by our new mexican operations.
the administrative expense ratio decreased in 2014 due primarily to growth in net premiums earned that outpaced the growth in administrative expenses. in addition, the administrative expense ratio decreased due to increased spending in the prior year to support growth. the administrative expense ratio decreased in 2013 due to the favorable impact of foreign exchange, the mexican acquisitions described above, which generate lower administrative expenses than our other businesses, as well as growth in net premiums earned that outpaced the growth in administrative expenses and lower a&h regulatory fees paid in europe.
64
global reinsurance the global reinsurance segment represents our reinsurance operations comprising ace tempest re bermuda, ace tempest re usa, ace tempest re international, and ace tempest re canada. global reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide under the ace tempest re brand name and provides a broad range of coverage to a diverse array of primary p&c companies.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)      2014              2013                2012            2014 vs. 2013             2013 vs. 2012
net premiums written                                       $935              $991              $1,025                     (5.7   )%                 (3.3   )%
net premiums earned                                       1,026               976               1,002                      5.1    %                 (2.6   )%
losses and loss expenses                                    431               396                 553                      8.8    %                (28.4   )%
policy acquisition costs                                    257               197                 172                     30.5    %                 14.5    %
administrative expenses                                      54                50                  51                      8.0    %                 (2.0   )%
underwriting income                                         284               333                 226                    (14.7   )%                 47.3    %
net investment income                                       316               280                 290                     12.9    %                 (3.4   )%
net realized gains (losses)                                 (29   )            53                   6                       nm                        nm interest expense                                              4                 5                   4                    (20.0   )%                25.0%
other (income) expense                                      (54   )           (19   )             (15   )               184.2%                      26.7    %
income tax expense                                           38                36                  15                      5.6    %                140.0    %
net income                                                 $583              $644                $518                     (9.5   )%                 24.3    %
loss and loss expense ratio                                42.0   %          40.5   %            55.2   %
policy acquisition cost ratio                              25.0   %          20.3   %            17.1   %
administrative expense ratio                                5.3   %           5.1   %             5.2   %
combined ratio                                             72.3   %          65.9   %            77.5   %
net premiums written decreased in 2014 primarily due to the non-renewal of a $79 million workers' compensation treaty, partially offset by new business. net premiums written decreased in 2013 due to a non-recurring lpt treaty written in 2012, increased property catastrophe cessions to a sidecar, altair re, and lower catastrophe reinstatement premiums. this decrease was substantially offset by strong renewal retention and new business written, primarily in our u.s. property and u.s. automobile lines of business.
net premiums earned increased in 2014 primarily from the shorter earning period on certain of the new business written this year including two non-recurring short-term treaties. net premiums earned decreased in 2013 due to a non-recurring lpt treaty written in 2012, which was fully earned when written and, to a lesser extent, the higher property catastrophe cessions noted above. this decrease was partially offset by higher net premiums earned in our u.s. property lines due to higher premiums written in 2013 and prior years.
65
the following tables present a line of business breakdown of global reinsurance net premiums earned:
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            2014                    2013                    2012            2014 vs. 2013             2013 vs. 2012
property and all other                                           $298                    $253                    $194                     17.8    %   30.4                  %
casualty                                                          475                     433                     507                      9.7    %                (14.6   )%
property catastrophe                                              253                     290                     301                    (12.8   )%                 (3.7   )%
net premiums earned                                            $1,026                    $976                  $1,002                      5.1    %                 (2.6   )%
2014                    2013                    2012
% of total              % of total              % of total property and all other                                             29   %                  26   %                  19   %
casualty                                                           46   %                  44   %                  51   %
property catastrophe                                               25   %                  30   %                  30   %
net premiums earned                                               100   %                 100   %                 100   %
the following table presents the impact of catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums and prior period reserve development on our loss and loss expense ratio:
2014                                                                     2013              2012
loss and loss expense ratio, as reported                42.0   %         40.5    %         55.2    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums   (3.2   )%        (4.0   )%        (11.1   )%
prior period development                                 6.7   %          9.1    %          6.3    %
loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted                   45.5   %         45.6    %         50.4    %
net pre-tax catastrophe losses, excluding reinstatement premiums, were $34 million in 2014, compared with $41 million in 2013 and $116 million in 2012. catastrophe losses in 2014 were related to severe storms in japan, european hailstorms, and severe weather-related events in the u.s. catastrophe losses in 2013 were primarily from flooding in canada and europe. catastrophe losses in 2012 were primarily from superstorm sandy, hurricane isaac, and other north american weather-related events. net favorable prior period development was $63 million in 2014, compared with $84 million in 2013 and $61 million in 2012 (2014, 2013 and 2012 are net of $10 million, $8 million, and $4 million, respectively, of unfavorable premium adjustments to loss sensitive treaties). refer to the "prior period development" section for additional information. the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio decreased slightly in 2014 and decreased in 2013 primarily due to the lpt treaty written in 2012, which unfavorably impacted the 2012 ratio.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased in 2014 primarily due to a change in the mix of business towards products written in the u.s. that have a higher acquisition cost ratio than in other regions and the impact of the non-renewal of a large workers' compensation treaty which incurred no acquisition costs. the policy acquisition cost ratio increased in 2013 due to a change in the mix of business towards products that have a higher acquisition cost ratio as well as the lpt treaty written in 2012, which did not generate acquisition costs.
the administrative expense ratio increased in 2014 as the prior year included the favorable impact of a $2 million expense adjustment that reduced the administrative expense ratio in 2013. excluding this adjustment, the administrative expense ratio remained flat. the administrative expense ratio remained relatively flat in 2013.
66
life the life segment includes our international life operations (ace life), ace tempest life re (ace life re), and the north american supplemental a&h and life business of combined insurance. we assess the performance of our life business based on life underwriting income, which includes net investment income and (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                       2014                2013                2012            2014 vs. 2013            2013 vs. 2012
net premiums written                                                      $2,012              $1,972              $1,979                      2.0   %                 (0.4   )%
net premiums earned                                                        1,962               1,905               1,916                      3.0   %                 (0.6   )%
losses and loss expenses                                                     589                 582                 611                      1.2   %                 (4.7   )%
policy benefits                                                              517                 515                 521                      0.4   %                 (1.2   )%
(gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account assets(1)          (2   )             (16   )             (29   )                (87.5   )%             (44.8)%
policy acquisition costs                                                     478                 358                 334                     33.5   %                  7.2   %
administrative expenses                                                      285                 343                 328                    (16.9   )%                 4.6   %
net investment income                                                        268                 251                 251                      6.8   %                    -
life underwriting income                                                     363                 374                 402                     (2.9   )%                (7.0   )%
net realized gains (losses)                                                 (383   )             360                 (72   )                   nm                       nm interest expense                                                              11                  15                  12                    (26.7   )%               25.0%
other (income) expense(1)                                                      2                  13                  25                    (84.6   )%               (48.0   )%
income tax expense                                                            46                  34                  58                     35.3   %                (41.4   )%
net income (loss)                                                           $(79   )            $672                $235                       nm                   186.0%
(1)   (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap are reclassified from other (income) expense for purposes of presenting life underwriting income.
the following table presents a line of business breakdown of life net premiums written and deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts:
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                2014            2013            2012        2014 vs. 2013             2013 vs. 2012
a&amp;h(1)                                                         $1,000          $1,016          $1,011                 (1.6   )%                  0.5    %
life insurance                                                        750             672             654                 11.6    %                  2.8    %
life reinsurance                                                      262             284             314                 (7.6   )%                 (9.6   )%
net premiums written (excludes deposits below)                     $2,012          $1,972          $1,979                  2.0    %                 (0.4   )%
deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts        $823            $684            $509                 20.3    %                 34.4    %
(1) includes the north american supplemental a&h and life business of combined insurance life net premiums written increased two percent, or four percent on a constant-dollar basis in 2014. life net premiums written decreased 0.4 percent, or increased 0.2 percent on a constant-dollar basis in 2013. a&h net premiums written remained flat in 2014 after adjusting for the $16 million unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. a&h net premiums written increased slightly in 2013 with improved new business production and a catch-up in premium registrations. life insurance net premiums written increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to growth in our asian markets. life reinsurance net premiums written decreased in 2014 and 2013 because there is no new life reinsurance business currently being written.
deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are not reflected as revenues in our consolidated statements of operations in accordance with gaap. new life deposits are an important component of production and key to our efforts to grow our business. although life deposits do not significantly affect current period income from operations, they are an important indicator of growth. the increase in life deposits collected in 2014 and 2013 is primarily due to growth in our asian markets.
67
in 2014, we determined that certain a&h marketing-related costs were more appropriately classified as acquisition costs. this resulted in a $59 million increase to acquisition expenses and an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses in 2014.
net realized gains (losses), which are excluded from life underwriting income, relate primarily to the change in the net fair value of reported guaranteed living benefits (glb) reinsurance liabilities and changes in the fair value of derivatives used to partially offset the risk in the variable annuity guarantee portfolio. during 2014, realized losses of $213 million were associated with a net increase in the value of glb liabilities; this increase was primarily due to lower interest rates and the unfavorable impact of discounting future claims for one less year, partially offset by a weakening yen and rising u.s. equity levels.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we completed an updated in-depth review of actual policyholder lapse and annuitization behavior by treaty for our variable annuity reinsurance business.  as a result of our review, we made several refinements to our lapse assumptions, the most significant of which was an increase in lapses for most large, in-the-money, guaranteed minimum income benefits (gmib) policies beyond the surrender charge period. the increase in lapse assumptions decreased the fair value of glb liabilities and generated a realized gain of $31 million. because of a greater degree of reported experience related to behavior in years subsequent to the first year of annuitization eligibility, we also made several adjustments to our annuitization assumptions, which generally lowered the annuitization rate for most clients, while raising it for two clients. the change in annuitization assumptions decreased the fair value of glb liabilities and generated a realized gain of $39 million. we will continue to monitor actual policyholder behavior against our assumptions and make adjustments as appropriate. also, during the fourth quarter of 2014, we increased the granularity of policy groupings used in our valuation model. this refinement increased the fair value of glb liabilities and generated a realized loss of $78 million.
during 2013, realized gains of $929 million were associated with a net decrease in the value of glb liabilities; this decrease was primarily due to rising equity levels, higher interest rates, and a weakening yen, partially offset by a net unfavorable impact of changes in lapse and annuitization assumptions and the unfavorable impact of discounting future claims for one less year.
during 2012, realized gains of $203 million were associated with a net decrease in the value of glb liabilities; this decrease was primarily due to rising equity levels and a weakening yen, partially offset by an increased value of glb liabilities due to falling interest rates and the unfavorable impact of discounting future claims for one less year.
in addition, we experienced realized losses of $168 million, $579 million, and $297 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, due to a decrease in the value of derivative instruments, which decrease in value when the s&p 500 index increases.
68
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
net investment income years ended december 31
(in millions of u.s. dollars)        2014                  2013                  2012
fixed maturities                   $2,199                $2,093                $2,134
short-term investments                 45                    29                    28
equity securities                      33                    37                    34
other                                  94                   105                   104
gross investment income             2,371                 2,264                 2,300
investment expenses                  (119    )             (120    )             (119   )
net investment income              $2,252                $2,144                $2,181
net investment income is influenced by a number of factors including the amounts and timing of inward and outward cash flows, the level of interest rates, and changes in overall asset allocation. net investment income increased 5.1 percent in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to a higher overall invested asset base and call activity in our corporate bond portfolio, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange. net investment income decreased 1.7 percent in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to lower reinvestment rates in our fixed income portfolio, offset by a higher overall invested asset base.
the investment portfolio's average market yield on fixed maturities was 2.8 percent, 3.0 percent, and 2.3 percent at december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. average market yield on fixed maturities represents the weighted average yield to maturity of our fixed income portfolio based on the market prices of the holdings at that date.
the 1.9 percent yield on short-term investments for the year ended december 31, 2014 reflects the global nature of our insurance operations. for example, yields on short-term investments in brazil, indonesia, ecuador, and malaysia range from 3.3 percent to 11.8 percent.
the 4.9 percent yield on our equity securities portfolio for the year ended december 31, 2014 is high relative to the yield on the s&p 500 index because of dividends on preferred equity securities and because we classified our strategic emerging debt portfolio, which is a mutual fund, as equity. during the third quarter of 2014, however, we elected to exchange our interest in the strategic emerging debt portfolio for direct ownership of certain of the underlying fixed maturities, and the remainder in cash. in 2014, the strategic emerging debt portfolio, prior to the election to exchange our interest, and the preferred equity securities represented 64 percent of the gross equity securities investment income.
the following table shows the return on average invested assets:
years ended december 31
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2014                  2013                  2012
average invested assets                                   $60,382               $58,574               $55,655
net investment income                                      $2,252                $2,144                $2,181
return on average invested assets                             3.7    %              3.7    %              3.9   %
69
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
net realized and unrealized gains (losses)
we take a long-term view with our investment strategy, and our investment managers manage our investment portfolio to maximize total return within certain specific guidelines designed to minimize risk. the majority of our investment portfolio is available for sale and reported at fair value. our held to maturity investment portfolio is reported at amortized cost.
the effect of market movements on our available for sale investment portfolio impacts net income (through net realized gains (losses)) when securities are sold or when we record an other-than-temporary impairment (otti) charge in net income. for a discussion related to how we assess otti for all of our investments, including credit-related otti, and the related impact on net income, refer to note 3 d) to the consolidated financial statements. additionally, net income is impacted through the reporting of changes in the fair value of derivatives, including financial futures, options, swaps, and glb reinsurance. changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on available for sale securities, which result from the revaluation of securities held, are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
the following table presents our pre-tax net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments:
year ended december 31, 2014                                                                              year ended december 31, 2013
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                      netrealizedgains(losses)(1)             netunrealizedgains(losses)                  netimpact             netrealizedgains(losses)(1)             netunrealizedgains(losses)                  netimpact fixed maturities                                                           $23             $732                                             $755                                     $90             $(1,880                         )             $(1,790   )
fixed income derivatives                                                  (107    )        -                                                (107   )                                  78             -                                                  78
total fixed maturities                                                     (84    )                                  732                     648                                     168             (1,880                          )              (1,712   )
public equity                                                              (47    )                                   77                      30                                      15             (41                             )                 (26   )
private equity                                                              (3    )                                   42                      39                                      (2    )                                   51                      49
other                                                                        2             (7                              )                  (5   )                                  (3    )                                    3                       -
subtotal                                                                  (132    )                                  844                     712                                     178             (1,867                          )              (1,689   )
derivatives fair value adjustment on insurance derivatives                            (217    )        -                                                (217   )                                 878             -                                                 878
s&amp;p put option and futures                                            (168    )        -                                                (168   )                                (579    )        -                                                (579   )
other derivatives                                                           50             -                                                  50                                      (2    )        -                                                  (2   )
subtotal derivatives                                                      (335    )        -                                                (335   )                                 297             -                                                 297
foreign exchange gains (losses)                                            (40    )        -                                                 (40   )                                  29             -                                                  29
total gains (losses)                                                     $(507    )        $844                                             $337                                    $504             $(1,867                         )             $(1,363   )
(1)   for the year ended december 31, 2014, other-than-temporary impairments include $57 million for fixed maturities, $3 million for private equity, and $8 million for public equity. for the year ended december 31, 2013, other-than-temporary impairments include $18 million for fixed maturities, $2 million for private equity, and $2 million for public equity.
at december 31, 2014, our investment portfolios held by u.s. legal entities included approximately $37 million of gross unrealized losses on fixed income investments. our tax planning strategy related to these losses is based on our view that we will hold these fixed income investments until they recover their cost. as such, we have recognized a deferred tax asset of approximately $13 million related to these fixed income investments. this strategy allows us to recognize the associated deferred tax asset related to these fixed income investments as we do not believe these losses will ever be realized.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
other income and expense items other (income) expense was $(82) million in 2014 compared with $15 million and $(6) million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for the components of other (income) expense.
70
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
investments our investment portfolio is invested primarily in publicly traded, investment grade, fixed income securities with an average credit quality of a/aa as rated by the independent investment rating services standard and poor's (s&p)/ moody's investors service (moody's). the portfolio is externally managed by independent, professional investment managers and is broadly diversified across geographies, sectors, and issuers. other investments principally comprise direct investments, investment funds, and limited partnerships. we hold no collateralized debt obligations or collateralized loan obligations in our investment portfolio, and we provide no credit default protection. we have long-standing global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization. exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our global credit committee, comprising senior executives, including our chief financial officer, our chief risk officer, our chief investment officer, and our treasurer. we also have well-established, strict contractual investment rules requiring managers to maintain highly diversified exposures to individual issuers and closely monitor investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
the average duration of our fixed income securities, including the effect of options and swaps, was 4.0 years at both december 31, 2014 and 2013. we estimate that a 100 basis point (bps) increase in interest rates would reduce the valuation of our fixed income portfolio by approximately $2.4 billion at december 31, 2014.
the following table shows the fair value and cost/amortized cost of our invested assets:
december 31, 2014                                   december 31, 2013
(in millions of u.s. dollars)           fairvalue                cost/amortizedcost         fairvalue                cost/amortizedcost fixed maturities available for sale       $49,395                           $47,826           $49,254                           $48,406
fixed maturities held to maturity           7,589                             7,331             6,263                             6,098
short-term investments                      2,322                             2,322             1,763                             1,763
59,306                            57,479            57,280                            56,267
equity securities                             510        440                          837                    841
other investments                           3,346                             2,999             2,976                             2,671
total investments                         $63,162                           $60,918           $61,093                           $59,779
the fair value of our total investments increased $2.1 billion during the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to the investing of operating cash flows and unrealized appreciation, partially offset by share repurchases, and the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange.
during the third quarter of 2014, we decided to transfer securities, considered essential holdings in a diversified portfolio, with a total fair value of $2.0 billion from fixed maturities available for sale to fixed maturities held to maturity. these securities, which we have the intent and ability to hold to maturity, were transferred given the growth in ace's investment portfolio over the last several years, as well as continued efforts to manage the diversification of our global portfolio.
71
the following tables present the market value of our fixed maturities and short-term investments at december 31, 2014 and 2013. the first table lists investments according to type and the second according to s&p credit rating:
december 31, 2014                                  december 31, 2013
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)      market value               % of total              market value               % of total treasury                                                         $2,448                        4   %                $2,327                        4   %
agency                                                            1,222                        2   %                 1,454                        3   %
corporate and asset-backed securities                            19,854                       34   %                19,475                       34   %
mortgage-backed securities                                       12,325                       21   %                12,273                       21   %
municipal                                                         4,930                        8   %                 4,500                        8   %
non-u.s.                                                         16,205                       27   %                15,488                       27   %
short-term investments                                            2,322                        4   %                 1,763                        3   %
total                                                           $59,306                      100   %               $57,280                      100   %
aaa                                                              $8,943                       15   %                $8,677                       15   %
aa                                                               21,589                       36   %                21,520                       38   %
a                                                                11,625                       20   %                11,168                       19   %
bbb                                                               8,690                       15   %                 7,193                       12   %
bb                                                                4,372                        7   %                 4,418                        8   %
b                                                                 3,916                        7   %                 3,940                        7   %
other                                                               171                        -   %   364                                        1   %
total                                                           $59,306                      100   %               $57,280                      100   %
corporate and asset-backed securities the following table presents our 10 largest global exposures to corporate bonds by market value at december 31, 2014:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)      market value jp morgan chase &amp; co                   $447
general electric co                         419
goldman sachs group inc                     347
wells fargo &amp; co                        270
hsbc holdings plc                           265
verizon communications inc                  233
bank of america corp                        231
morgan stanley                              217
at&amp;t inc                                216
citigroup inc                               206
mortgage-backed securities s&amp;p credit rating                                                                         market value         amortized cost december 31, 2014 (in millions of u.s. dollars)   aaa                        aa           a               bbb             bb andbelow                  total                  total agency residential mortgage-backed (rmbs)         $-                    $10,216           $-              $-              $-                         $10,216                 $9,911
non-agency rmbs                                   35                          5              18              12       15                  85                                     83
commercial mortgage-backed                        1,995                      14              12               3           -                            2,024                  2,000
total mortgage-backed securities                  $2,030                $10,235           $30             $15             $15                        $12,325                $11,994
72
municipal as part of our overall investment strategy, we may invest in states, municipalities, and other political subdivisions fixed maturity securities (municipal). we apply the same investment selection process described previously to our municipal investments. the portfolio is highly diversified primarily in state general obligation bonds and essential service revenue bonds including education and utilities (water, power, and sewers).
non-u.s.
our exposure to the euro results primarily from ace european group which is headquartered in london and offers a broad range of coverages throughout the european union, central, and eastern europe. ace primarily invests in euro denominated investments to support its local currency insurance obligations and required capital levels. ace's local currency investment portfolios have strict contractual investment guidelines requiring managers to maintain a high quality and diversified portfolio to both sector and individual issuers. investment portfolios are monitored daily to ensure investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
our non-u.s. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of our non-u.s. operations. the average credit quality of our non-u.s. fixed income securities is a and 54 percent of our holdings are rated aaa or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies. within the context of these investment portfolios, our government and corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. issuer limits are based on credit rating (aa-two percent, a-one percent, bbb-0.5 percent of the total portfolio) and are monitored daily via an internal compliance system. because of this investment approach we do not have a direct exposure to troubled sovereign borrowers in europe. we manage our indirect exposure using the same credit rating based investment approach. accordingly, we do not believe our indirect exposure is material.
the following table summarizes the market value and amortized cost of our non-u.s. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-u.s. government securities at december 31, 2014:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                 market value          amortized cost united kingdom                                      $1,119                  $1,090
republic of korea                                      790                     705
federative republic of brazil                          660                     663
united mexican states                                  509                     505
canada                                                 483                     471
kingdom of thailand                                    407                     389
province of ontario                                    373                     358
province of quebec                                     263                     251
japan                                                  243                     242
germany                                                200                     188
other non-u.s. government securities (1)             2,788                   2,659
total                                               $7,835                  $7,521
(1)   there are no investments in portugal, ireland, italy, greece or spain.
73
the following table summarizes the market value and amortized cost of our non-u.s. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-u.s. corporate securities at december 31, 2014:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)            market value          amortized cost united kingdom                                 $1,621                  $1,541
canada                                          1,047                   1,018
united states                                     566                     550
australia                                         542                     526
netherlands                                       518                     495
france                                            508                     486
germany                                           420                     395
switzerland                                       291                     279
euro supranational                                257                     246
china                                             247                     240
other non-u.s. corporate securities             2,353                   2,322
total                                          $8,370                  $8,098
the countries that are listed in the non-u.s. corporate fixed income portfolio above represent the ultimate parent company's country of risk. non-u.s. corporate securities could be issued by foreign subsidiaries of u.s. corporations.
below-investment grade corporate fixed income portfolio below-investment grade securities have different characteristics than investment grade corporate debt securities. risk of loss from default by the borrower is greater with below-investment grade securities. below-investment grade securities are generally unsecured and are often subordinated to other creditors of the issuer. also, issuers of below-investment grade securities usually have higher levels of debt and are more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, such as recession or increasing interest rates, than investment grade issuers. at december 31, 2014, our corporate fixed income investment portfolio included below-investment grade and non-rated securities which, in total, comprised approximately 13 percent of our fixed income portfolio. our below-investment grade and non-rated portfolio includes over 1,200 issuers, with the greatest single exposure being $96 million.
we manage high-yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. the allocation to high-yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (bb/b). our minimum rating for initial purchase is bb/b. six external investment managers are responsible for high-yield security selection and portfolio construction. our high-yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience. holdings are highly diversified across industries and subject to a 1.5 percent issuer limit as a percentage of high-yield allocation. we monitor position limits daily through an internal compliance system. derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps and collateralized loan obligations) are not permitted in the high-yield portfolio.
74
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
reinsurance recoverable on ceded reinsurance
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                          december 31 2014          december 31 2013
reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses (1)                  $11,307                   $10,612
reinsurance recoverable on paid losses and loss expenses (1)                        685   615
net reinsurance recoverable on losses and loss expenses                         $11,992                   $11,227
reinsurance recoverable on policy benefits                                         $217                      $218
(1)   net of a provision for uncollectible reinsurance.
we evaluate the financial condition of our reinsurers and potential reinsurers on a regular basis and also monitor concentrations of credit risk with reinsurers. the provision for uncollectible reinsurance is required principally due to the potential failure of reinsurers to indemnify us, primarily because of disputes under reinsurance contracts and insolvencies. the provision for uncollectible reinsurance is based on a default analysis applied to gross reinsurance recoverables, net of approximately $2.4 billion and $2.3 billion of collateral at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in net reinsurance recoverable on loss and loss expenses was primarily due to the acquisition of itau seguros, which added $1.1 billion, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
asbestos and environmental (a&e)
asbestos and environmental (a&e) reserving considerations for asbestos, ace faces claims relating to policies issued to manufacturers, distributors, installers, and other parties in the chain of commerce for asbestos and products containing asbestos. claims can be filed by individual claimants or groups of claimants with the potential for hundreds of individual claimants at one time. claimants will generally allege damages across an extended time period which may coincide with multiple policies covering a wide range of time periods for a single insured.
environmental claims present exposure for remediation and defense costs associated with the contamination of property as a result of pollution. it is common, especially for larger defendants, to be named as a potentially responsible party at multiple sites.
the following table presents count information for asbestos claims by causative agent and environmental claims by site, for direct policies only:
asbestos (by causative agent)                   environmental (by site)
2014                                                    2013                 2014                  2013
open at beginning of year      1,107                   1,058                3,339                 3,390
newly reported                    64                      69                  201                   138
closed or otherwise disposed      44                      20                  422                   189
open at end of year            1,127                   1,107                3,118                 3,339
closed or otherwise disposed environmental sites were higher in 2014 primarily due to several settlements and a continuous review of pending cases completed in prior years.
survival ratios are calculated by dividing the asbestos or environmental loss and allocated loss adjustment expense (alae) reserves by the average asbestos or environmental loss and alae payments for the three most recent calendar years (3 year survival ratio). the 3 year survival ratios for gross and net asbestos loss and alae reserves were 3.9 years and 4.4 years, respectively. the 3 year survival ratios for gross and net environmental loss and alae reserves were 2.0 years and 1.8 years, respectively. the survival ratios provide only a very rough depiction of reserves and are significantly impacted by a number of factors such as aggressive settlement practices, variations in gross to ceded relationships within the asbestos or environmental claims, and levels of coverage provided. we, therefore, urge caution in using these very simplistic ratios to gauge reserve adequacy.
75
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
catastrophe management we actively monitor our catastrophe risk accumulation around the world. the table below presents our modeled annual aggregate pre-tax probable maximum loss (pml), net of reinsurance, for 100-year and 250-year return periods for u.s. hurricane and california earthquake at december 31, 2014 and 2013. the table also presents ace's corresponding share of pre-tax industry losses for each of the return periods for u.s. hurricane and california earthquake. for example, according to the model, for the 1-in-100 return period scenario, there is a one percent chance that our losses incurred in any year from u.s. hurricane events could be in excess of $1,757 million (or 5.9 percent of our total shareholders' equity at december 31, 2014). we estimate that at such hypothetical loss levels, ace's share of aggregate industry losses would be approximately 1.1 percent.
u.s. hurricane                                                                                          california earthquake december 31                                                                     december 31             december 31                                                                     december 31
2014                                                                            2013                    2014                                                                            2013
modeled annual aggregate net pml       ace                 % of totalshareholders'equity         % ofindustry          ace                     ace                 % of totalshareholders'equity         % ofindustry          ace
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)
1-in-100                               $1,757          5.9                  %                1.1          %            $2,235                  $797            2.7                  %                2.0          %            $722
1-in-250                               $2,383          8.1                  %                1.1          %            $2,959                  $1,046          3.5                  %                1.7          %            $931
the above modeled loss information at december 31, 2014 reflects our in-force portfolio at october 1, 2014 and reinsurance program at january 1, 2015.  the modeling estimates at december 31, 2013 reflected our reinsurance program at january 1, 2014, which excluded named storm coverage in north america for the time period generally considered outside u.s. hurricane season.  while this exclusion carried nominal risk, it impacted the point in time pml estimate in the prior year as the point in time estimate does not take into account the seasonality of hurricanes.  we had defined "named storm" as a storm or storm system that has been declared by the national hurricane center (nhc) to be a tropical cyclone, tropical storm or a hurricane and includes wind, gusts, hail, rain, tornadoes or cyclones related to such storm.  ace established a new global property catastrophe program for our north american and international operations that provided global natural catastrophe and terrorism coverage that was effective as of july 1, 2014.  refer to "natural catastrophe property reinsurance program" for additional information. as a result of the new reinsurance program, the modeled pml for u.s. hurricane at december 31, 2014 is lower compared to december 31, 2013.
the modeling estimates of both ace and industry loss levels are inherently uncertain owing to key assumptions. first, while the use of third-party catastrophe modeling packages to simulate potential hurricane and earthquake losses is prevalent within the insurance industry, the models are reliant upon significant meteorology, seismology, and engineering assumptions to estimate hurricane and earthquake losses. in particular, modeled hurricane and earthquake events are not always a representation of actual events and ensuing additional loss potential. second, there is no universal standard in the preparation of insured data for use in the models and the running of the modeling software. third, we are reliant upon third-party estimates of industry insured exposures and there is significant variation possible around the relationship between our loss and that of the industry following an event. fourth, we assume that our reinsurance recoveries following an event are fully collectible. these loss estimates do not represent our potential maximum exposures and it is highly likely that our actual incurred losses would vary materially from the modeled estimates.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
natural catastrophe property reinsurance program ace's core property catastrophe reinsurance program provides protection against natural catastrophes impacting its primary property operations (i.e., excluding our global reinsurance and life segments).
we regularly review our reinsurance protection and corresponding property catastrophe exposures. this may or may not lead to the purchase of additional reinsurance prior to a program's renewal date. in addition, prior to each renewal date, we consider how much, if any, coverage we intend to buy and we may make material changes to the current structure in light of various factors, including modeled pml assessment at various return periods, reinsurance pricing, our risk tolerance and exposures, and various other structuring considerations.
76
ace established a new global catastrophe program for our north american and international operations. the program is effective july 1, 2014 through june 30, 2015, and consists of two layers in excess of losses retained by ace. approximately 20 percent of the coverage was placed with reinsurers providing upfront collateral equal to the limit of their participation and without a reinstatement. the remaining coverage was placed without upfront collateral and with one additional reinstatement limit in the event of a natural peril loss. in addition, we also purchased terrorism coverage (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation coverage) for the united states from july 1, 2014 to june 30, 2015 with the same limits and retention and percentage placed except that the majority of terrorism coverage is on an aggregate basis above our retentions without a reinstatement.
loss location                                                                                                                                     layer of loss                                                                                                                                          comments                                                 notes united states                                                                                                                         $0 million - $500 million                                                                                                                            losses retained by ace                                                   (a)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
united states                                                                                                                        $500 million -$1.0 billion                                                         all natural perils, and terrorism (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation)                                                   (b)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
united states                                                                                                                      $1.0 billion -$1.275 billion                                                         all natural perils, and terrorism (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation)                                                   (c)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
international                                                                                                                          $0 million -$150 million                                                                                                                            losses retained by ace                                                   (a)
(including alaska and hawaii)
international                                                                                                                        $150 million -$650 million                                                         all natural perils, and terrorism (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation)                                                   (b)
(including alaska and hawaii)
alaska, hawaii, and canada                                                                                                           $650 million -$925 million                                                         all natural perils, and terrorism (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation)                                                   (c)
(a) ultimate retention will depend upon the nature of the loss and the interplay between the underlying per risk programs and certain other catastrophe programs purchased by individual business units. these other catastrophe programs have the potential to reduce our effective retention below the stated levels.
(b) these coverages are both part of the same core layer within the global catastrophe program and are approximately 90% placed with reinsurers. as such, it may be exhausted in one region and not available in the other.
(c) these coverages are both part of the same second layer within the global catastrophe program and are approximately 98% placed with reinsurers. as such, it may be exhausted in one region and not available in the other.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
political risk, trade credit, and structured trade credit political risk insurance is a specialized coverage that provides clients with protection against unexpected, catastrophic political or macroeconomic events, primarily in developing markets. we participate in this market through our wholly-owned subsidiary sovereign risk insurance ltd. (sovereign), and through a unit of our london-based agm operation. sovereign is one of the world's leading underwriters of political risk insurance and has a global portfolio spread across more than 100 countries. its clients include financial institutions, national export credit agencies, leading multilateral agencies, and multinational corporations. agm writes political risk, trade credit, and structured trade credit business out of underwriting offices in london, england; hamburg, germany; sao paulo, brazil; singapore; and in the u.s. in the following locations: new york, new york; los angeles; california; and washington, d.c.
our political risk insurance provides protection to commercial lenders against defaults on cross border loans, insulates investors against equity losses, and protects exporters against defaults on contracts. commercial lenders, our largest client segment, are covered for missed scheduled loan repayments due to acts of confiscation, expropriation or nationalization by the host government, currency inconvertibility or exchange transfer restrictions, or war or other acts of political violence. in addition, in the case of loans to government-owned entities or loans that have a government guarantee, political risk policies cover scheduled payments against risks of non-payment or non-honoring of government guarantees. equity investors and corporations receive similar coverage to that of lenders, except they are protected against financial losses, inability to repatriate dividends, and physical damage to their operations caused by covered events. our export contracts protection provides coverage for both exporters and their financing banks against the risk of contract frustration due to government actions, including non-payment by government entities.
77
agm's trade credit and structured trade credit businesses cover losses due to insolvency, protracted default, and political risk perils including export and license cancellation. it provides trade credit coverage to larger companies that have sophisticated credit risk management systems, with exposure to multiple customers and that have the ability to self-insure losses up to a certain level through excess of loss coverage. its structured trade credit business provides coverage to trade finance banks, exporters, and trading companies, with exposure to trade-related financing instruments.
we have implemented structural features in our policies in order to control potential losses within the political risk, trade credit, and structured credit businesses. these include basic loss sharing features that include co-insurance and deductibles, and in the case of trade credit, the use of non-qualifying losses that drop smaller exposures deemed too difficult to assess. ultimate loss severity is also limited by using waiting periods to enable the insurer and insured to agree on recovery strategies, and the subrogation of the rights of the lender/exporter to the insurer following a claim. we have the option to pay claims over the original loan payment schedule, rather than in a lump sum in order to provide insureds and the insurer additional time to remedy problems and work towards full recoveries. it is important to note that political risk, trade credit, and structured trade credit policies are named peril conditional contracts, not financial guarantees, and claims are only paid after conditions and warranties are fulfilled. political risk, trade credit, and structured trade credit insurance do not cover currency devaluations, bond defaults, any form of derivatives, movements in overseas equity markets, transactions deemed illegal, or situations where corruption or misrepresentation has occurred, or debt that is not legally enforceable. in addition to assessing and mitigating potential exposure on a policy-by-policy basis, we also have specific risk management measures in place to manage overall exposure and risk. these measures include placing country and individual transaction limits based on country risk and credit ratings, combined single loss limits on multi-country policies, the use of reinsurance protection, and regular modeling and stress-testing of the portfolio.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
crop insurance we are, and have been since the 1980s, one of the leading writers of crop insurance in the u.s. and have conducted that business through a managing general agent subsidiary of rain and hail. we provide protection throughout the u.s. on a variety of crops and are therefore geographically diversified, which reduces the risk of exposure to a single event or a heavy accumulation of losses in any one region. our crop insurance business comprises two components - multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) and crop-hail insurance.
the mpci program is offered in conjunction with the u.s. department of agriculture (usda). the policies cover revenue shortfalls or production losses due to natural causes such as drought, excessive moisture, hail, wind, frost, insects, and disease. generally, policies have deductibles ranging from 10 percent to 50 percent of the insured's risk. the usda's risk management agency (rma) sets the policy terms and conditions, rates and forms, and is also responsible for setting compliance standards. as a participating company, we report all details of policies underwritten to the rma and are party to a standard reinsurance agreement (sra). the sra sets out the relationship between private insurance companies and the federal crop insurance corporation (fcic) concerning the terms and conditions regarding the risks each will bear including the pro-rata and state stop-loss provisions which allows companies to limit the exposure of any one state or group of states on their underwriting results. in addition to the pro-rata and excess of loss reinsurance protections inherent in the sra, we also purchase third-party proportional and stop-loss reinsurance for our mpci business to reduce our exposure. we may also enter into crop derivative contracts to further manage our risk exposure.
each year the rma issues a final sra for the subsequent reinsurance year. in june 2014, the rma released the 2015 sra which establishes the terms and conditions for the 2015 reinsurance year (i.e., july 1, 2014 through june 30, 2015) that replaced the 2014 sra.  there were no significant changes in the terms and conditions.
on the mpci business, we recognize net premiums written as soon as estimable, which is generally when we receive acreage reports from the policyholders on the various crops throughout the u.s. this allows us to best determine the premium associated with the liability that is being planted. the mpci program has specific timeframes as to when producers must report acreage to us and in certain cases, the reporting occurs after the close of the respective reinsurance year. once the net premium written has been recorded, the premium is then earned over the growing season for the crops. a majority of the crops that are covered in the program are typically subject to the sra in effect at the beginning of the year. given the major crops covered in the program, we typically see a substantial written and earned premium impact in the second and third quarters.
the pricing of mpci premium is determined using a number of factors including commodity prices and related volatility. for instance, in most states the pricing for the mpci revenue product for corn includes a factor that is based on the average price
78
in february of the chicago board of trade december corn futures. to the extent that the corn commodity prices are higher in february than they were in the previous february, and all other factors are the same, the increase in corn prices will increase the corn premium year over year.
our crop-hail program is a private offering. premium is earned on the crop-hail program over the coverage period of the policy. given the very short nature of the growing season, most crop-hail business is typically written in the second and third quarters with the earned premium also more heavily occurring during this time frame. we use industry data to develop our own rates and forms for the coverage offered. the policy primarily protects farmers against yield reduction caused by hail and/or fire, and related costs such as transit to storage. we offer various deductibles to allow the grower to partially self-insure for a reduced premium cost. we limit our crop-hail exposures through the use of township liability limits and third-party proportional and stop-loss reinsurance on our net retained hail business.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
liquidity liquidity is a measure of a company's ability to generate cash flows sufficient to meet short-term and long-term cash requirements. as a holding company, ace limited possesses assets that consist primarily of the stock of its subsidiaries and other investments. in addition to net investment income, ace limited's cash flows depend primarily on dividends or other statutorily permissible payments. historically, these dividends and other payments have come from ace's bermuda-based operating subsidiaries, which we refer to as our bermuda subsidiaries. our consolidated sources of funds consist primarily of net premiums written, fees, net investment income, and proceeds from sales and maturities of investments. funds are used at our various companies primarily to pay claims, operating expenses, and dividends, to service debt, and to purchase investments.
we anticipate that positive cash flows from operations (underwriting activities and investment income) should be sufficient to cover cash outflows under most loss scenarios for the near term. should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and available credit facilities. refer to "credit facilities" below for additional information. our access to funds under an existing credit facility is dependent on the ability of the bank that is a party to the facility to meet its funding commitments. our existing credit facility has a remaining term expiring in november 2017 and requires that we maintain certain financial covenants, all of which we met at december 31, 2014. should our existing credit provider experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. to date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facility.
to further ensure the sufficiency of funds to settle unforeseen claims, we hold certain invested assets in cash and short-term investments. in addition, for certain insurance, reinsurance, or deposit contracts that tend to have relatively large and reasonably predictable cash outflows, we attempt to establish dedicated portfolios of assets that are duration-matched with the related liabilities. with respect to the duration of our overall investment portfolio, we manage asset durations to both maximize return given current market conditions and provide sufficient liquidity to cover future loss payments. all things being equal, in a low interest rate environment, the overall duration of our fixed maturities tends to be shorter and in a high interest rate environment, such duration tends to be longer. at december 31, 2014, the average duration of our fixed maturities (4.0 years) is less than the average expected duration of our insurance liabilities (4.8 years). the increase in duration of our insurance liabilities (4.8 years in 2014 and 4.5 years in 2013) is principally due to decreases in interest rates in 2014.
despite our safeguards, if paid losses accelerate beyond our ability to fund such paid losses from current operating cash flows, we might need to either liquidate a portion of our investment portfolio or arrange for financing. potential events causing such a liquidity strain could include several significant catastrophes occurring in a relatively short period of time, large uncollectible reinsurance recoverables on paid losses (as a result of coverage disputes, reinsurers' credit problems, or decreases in the value of collateral supporting reinsurance recoverables) or increases in collateral postings under our variable annuity reinsurance business. because each subsidiary focuses on a more limited number of specific product lines than is collectively available from the ace group of companies, the mix of business tends to be less diverse at the subsidiary level. as a result, the probability of a liquidity strain, as described above, may be greater for individual subsidiaries than when liquidity is assessed on a consolidated basis. if such a liquidity strain were to occur in a subsidiary, we could be required to liquidate a portion of our investments, potentially at distressed prices, as well as be required to contribute capital to the particular subsidiary and/or curtail dividends from the subsidiary to support holding company operations.
the payment of dividends or other statutorily permissible distributions from our operating companies are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to each jurisdiction, as well as the need to maintain capital levels adequate to support the insurance
79
and reinsurance operations, including financial strength ratings issued by independent rating agencies. during 2014, we were able to meet all of our obligations, including the payments of dividends on our common shares, with our net cash flows.
we assess which subsidiaries to draw dividends from based on a number of factors. considerations such as regulatory and legal restrictions as well as the subsidiary's financial condition are paramount to the dividend decision. ace limited received dividends of $300 million and $825 million from its bermuda subsidiaries in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the payment of any dividends from agm or its subsidiaries is subject to applicable u.k. insurance laws and regulations.  in addition, the release of funds by syndicate 2488 to subsidiaries of agm is subject to regulations promulgated by the society of lloyd's. ace limited received no dividends from agm in 2014 and 2013.
the u.s. insurance subsidiaries of ace ina holdings inc. (ace ina) may pay dividends, without prior regulatory approval, subject to restrictions set out in state law of the subsidiary's domicile (or, if applicable, commercial domicile). ace ina's international subsidiaries are also subject to insurance laws and regulations particular to the countries in which the subsidiaries operate. these laws and regulations sometimes include restrictions that limit the amount of dividends payable without prior approval of regulatory insurance authorities. ace limited received no dividends from ace ina in 2014 and 2013. debt issued by ace ina is serviced by statutorily permissible distributions by ace ina's insurance subsidiaries to ace ina as well as other group resources. ace ina received $401 million of dividends from its subsidiaries, of which $374 million was paid in cash, in 2014 and no dividends in 2013. at december 31, 2014, the amount of dividends available to be paid to ace ina in 2015 from its subsidiaries without prior approval of insurance regulatory authorities totals $1.1 billion.
cash flows our insurance and reinsurance operations provide liquidity in that premiums are received in advance, sometimes substantially in advance, of the time claims are paid. generally, cash flows are affected by claim payments that, due to the nature of our operations, may comprise large loss payments on a limited number of claims and which can fluctuate significantly from period to period. the irregular timing of these loss payments can create significant variations in cash flows from operations between periods. refer to "contractual obligations and commitments" for our estimate of future claim payments by period. sources of liquidity include cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. the following is a discussion of our cash flows for 2014, 2013, and 2012.
operating cash flows reflect net income for each period, adjusted for non-cash items and changes in working capital.
operating cash flows were $4.5 billion in 2014, compared with $4.0 billion in both 2013 and 2012. operating cash flows increased in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to higher net premiums collected of $1.0 billion, partially offset by higher net losses paid of $406 million. operating cash flows in 2013 were comparable to 2012, as higher net premiums collected of $276 million and lower income taxes paid of $220 million were offset by higher net losses paid of $287 million and higher expenses paid of $136 million.
cash used for investing was $2.5 billion in 2014, compared with $4.4 billion and $3.4 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively. cash used for investing in 2014 was lower compared to 2013 primarily due to lower net purchases of fixed maturities. cash used for investing in 2013 was higher compared to 2012 primarily due to the acquisitions of aba seguros and fianzas monterrey of $977 million, compared to acquisitions in 2012 of $98 million.
cash used for financing was $1.8 billion in 2014, compared with cash flows from financing of $391 million in 2013, and cash used for financing of $550 million in 2012. cash used for financing in 2014 included $1.4 billion of share repurchases and $862 million of dividends paid on common shares. cash flows from financing in 2013 included $947 million of proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, partially offset by dividends paid on common shares of $517 million.  cash used for financing in 2012 primarily related to dividends paid on common shares of $815 million.  dividends paid on common shares were higher in 2014 compared to 2013 due to a $0.12 per share increase in our quarterly dividend approved by our shareholders in january 2014 and an additional three percent increase approved by our shareholders at our may 2014 annual general meeting.  dividends paid on common shares in 2013 were lower compared to 2012 due to the accelerated payment of the fourth quarter 2012 dividend in december 2012, which would normally have been paid in the first quarter 2013.
both internal and external forces influence our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. claim settlements, premium levels, and investment returns may be impacted by changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions. in many cases, significant periods of time, ranging up to several years or more, may lapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to us, and the settlement of the liability for that loss.
80
in the current low interest rate environment, we use repurchase agreements as a low-cost alternative for short-term funding needs and to address short-term cash timing differences without disrupting our investment portfolio holdings. at december 31, 2014, there were $1.4 billion in repurchase agreements outstanding.
in addition to cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements, we have agreements with a third-party bank provider which implemented two international multi-currency notional cash pooling programs to enhance cash management efficiency during periods of short-term timing mismatches between expected inflows and outflows of cash by currency. the programs allow us to optimize investment income by avoiding portfolio disruption. in each program, participating ace entities establish deposit accounts in different currencies with the bank provider. each day the credit or debit balances in every account are notionally translated into a single currency (u.s. dollars) and then notionally pooled. the bank extends overdraft credit to all participating ace entities as needed, provided that the overall notionally pooled balance of all accounts in each pool at the end of each day is at least zero. actual cash balances are not physically converted and are not commingled between legal entities. ace entities may incur overdraft balances as a means to address short-term liquidity needs. any overdraft balances incurred under this program by an ace entity would be guaranteed by ace limited (up to $300 million in the aggregate). our syndicated letter of credit facility allows for same day drawings to fund a net pool overdraft should participating ace entities withdraw contributed funds from the pool.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
capital resources capital resources consist of funds deployed or available to be deployed to support our business operations.
december 31             december 31
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                            2014                    2013
short-term debt                                                                $2,552                  $1,901
long-term debt                                                                  3,357                   3,807
total debt                                                                      5,909                   5,708
trust preferred securities                                                        309                     309
total shareholders' equity                                                     29,587                  28,825
total capitalization                                                          $35,805                 $34,842
ratio of debt to total capitalization                                            16.5   %                16.4   %
ratio of debt plus trust preferred securities to total capitalization            17.4   %                17.3   %
in 2014, we reclassified $450 million of 5.6 percent senior notes due may 2015 and $700 million of 2.6 percent senior notes due november 2015, from long-term debt to short-term debt in the consolidated balance sheet. in may 2014, we issued $700 million of 3.35 percent senior notes due may 2024. the proceeds from the debt issuance are expected to be used to repay at maturity the $700 million of 2.6 percent senior notes due november 2015. in june 2014, ace ina's $500 million of 5.875 percent senior notes matured and were fully paid. for discussion of our debt outstanding, refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
we believe our financial strength provides us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain available funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis. our ability to access the capital markets is dependent on, among other things, market conditions and our perceived financial strength. we have accessed both the debt and equity markets from time to time. we generally maintain the ability to issue certain classes of debt and equity securities via an unlimited sec shelf registration which is renewed every three years. this allows us capital market access for refinancing as well as for unforeseen or opportunistic capital needs. our current shelf registration on file with the sec expires in december 2017.
as part of our capital management program, in november 2013, our board of directors (board) authorized the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of ace's common shares through december 31, 2014, replacing prior board authorizations. we repurchased $1,449 million, $290 million, and $7 million of common shares in a series of open market transactions in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. as of december 31, 2014, there were 14,172,726 common shares in treasury with a weighted average cost of $102.17 per share.
81
in november 2014, our board authorized the repurchase of $1.5 billion of ace's common shares through december 31, 2015, replacing the november 2013 authorization when it expired on december 31, 2014. for the period january 1, 2015 through february 26, 2015, we repurchased 1,877,463 common shares for a total of $211 million in a series of open market transactions. at february 26, 2015, $1.3 billion in share repurchase authorization remained through december 31, 2015.
common shares our common shares had a par value of chf 24.77 each at december 31, 2014.
under swiss law, dividends must be stated in swiss francs though dividend payments are made by ace in u.s. dollars. following ace's redomestication to switzerland, dividends have generally been distributed by way of a par value reduction (under the methods approved by our shareholders at our annual general meetings).
our annual dividend is payable in four quarterly installments. at the january 10, 2014 extraordinary general meeting, our shareholders approved a resolution to increase our quarterly dividend 24 percent from $0.51 per share to $0.63 per share for the payments made on january 31, 2014 and april 17, 2014, with the $0.12 per share increase for each installment distributed from capital contribution reserves (and the $0.51 per share distributed by way of par value reduction). at our may 2014 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of $2.60 per share, payable in four quarterly installments of $0.65 per share after the annual general meeting in the form of a distribution by way of a par value reduction. refer to note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our dividends.
dividend distributions on common shares amounted to chf 2.47 ($2.70) per share for the year ended december 31, 2014 (including par value reductions of chf 2.27 per share).
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
contractual obligations and commitments the following table presents our future payments due by period under contractual obligations at december 31, 2014:
payments due by period
2016                       2018
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                                   total          2015            and 2017            and 2019          thereafter payment amounts determinable from the respective contracts deposit liabilities(1)                                                                         $1,027                 $16                        $48                        $44                $919
purchase obligations(2)                                                                           379                 167                        202                          8                   2
limited partnerships - funding commitments(3)                                                   1,010                 483                        398                        110                  19
operating leases                                                                                  474                 108                        171                        100                  95
short-term debt                                                                                 2,552               2,552                          -                          -                   -
long-term debt                                                                                  3,361                   -                        502                        802               2,057
trust preferred securities                                                                        309                   -                          -                          -                 309
interest on debt obligations                                                                    2,221                 221                        367                        284               1,349
total obligations in which payment amounts are determinable from the respective contracts      11,333               3,547                      1,688                      1,348               4,750
payment amounts not determinable from the respective contracts estimated gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts                        38,368               9,492                     10,103                      5,551              13,222
estimated payments for future policy benefits                                                  19,573                 773                      1,697                      1,471              15,632
total contractual obligations and commitments                                                 $69,274             $13,812                    $13,488                     $8,370             $33,604
(1)   refer to note 1 k) to the consolidated financial statements.
(2)   primarily comprises audit fees and agreements with vendors to purchase system software administration and maintenance services.
(3)   the timing of the payments of these commitments is uncertain and will differ from the estimated timing in the table.
82
the above table excludes the following items:
   pension obligations: minimum funding requirements for our pension obligations are immaterial. subsequent funding commitments are apt to vary due to many factors and are difficult to estimate at this time. refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
   liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits: the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, was $23 million at december 31, 2014. we recognize accruals for interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. at december 31, 2014, we had $9 million in liabilities for income tax-related interest and penalties in our consolidated balance sheets. we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate for the timing of cash settlement with respect to these liabilities. refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we have no other significant contractual obligations or commitments not reflected in the table above. we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources.
estimated gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts we are obligated to pay claims under insurance and reinsurance contracts for specified loss events covered under those contracts. such loss payments represent our most significant future payment obligation as a p&c insurance and reinsurance company. in contrast to other contractual obligations, cash payments are not determinable from the terms specified within the contract. for example, we do not ultimately make a payment to our counterparty for many insurance and reinsurance contracts (i.e., when a loss event has not occurred) and if a payment is to be made, the amount and timing cannot be determined from the contract. in the table above, we estimate payments by period relating to our gross liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses included in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2014, and do not take into account reinsurance recoverable. these estimated loss payments are inherently uncertain and the amount and timing of actual loss payments are likely to differ from these estimates and the differences could be material. given the numerous factors and assumptions involved in both estimates of loss and loss expense reserves and related estimates as to the timing of future loss and loss expense payments in the table above, differences between actual and estimated loss payments will not necessarily indicate a commensurate change in ultimate loss estimates. the liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses presented in our balance sheet is discounted for certain structured settlements for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable and certain reserves for unsettled claims that are discounted in statutory filings. accordingly, the estimated amounts in the table exceed the liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses presented in our balance sheet. refer to note 1 h) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
estimated payments for future policy benefits we establish reserves for future policy benefits for life, long-term health, and annuity contracts.  the amounts in the table are gross of fees or premiums due from the underlying contracts. the liability for future policy benefits for life, long-term health, and annuity contracts presented in our balance sheet is discounted and reflected net of fees or premiums due from the underlying contracts.  accordingly, the estimated amounts in the table exceed the liability for future policy benefits presented in our balance sheet.  payment amounts related to these reserves must be estimated and are not determinable from the contract.  due to the uncertainty with respect to the timing and amount of these payments, actual results could materially differ from the estimates in the table.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
credit facilities as our bermuda subsidiaries are non-admitted insurers and reinsurers in the u.s., the terms of certain u.s. insurance and reinsurance contracts require them to provide collateral, which can be in the form of letters of credit (locs). locs may also be used for general corporate purposes.
we have a $1 billion unsecured operational loc facility guaranteed by ace limited (adjustable to $1.5 billion upon consent of the issuers) expiring in november 2017. we are allowed to use up to $300 million of this loc facility as an unsecured revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2014, outstanding locs issued under this facility were $479 million.
83
we did not renew our $500 million bilateral loc facility that expired in june 2014. we also did not renew our $425 million series of four bilateral uncollateralized loc facilities supporting agm underwriting capacity for lloyd's syndicate 2488. we elected instead to satisfy our collateral obligations primarily by pledging additional fixed income securities from our investment portfolio into existing insurance trusts.
it is anticipated that our $1 billion unsecured operational loc facility will be renewed on expiry but such renewal is subject to the availability of credit from banks utilized by ace. in the event that such credit support is insufficient, we could be required to provide alternative security to clients. this could take the form of additional insurance trusts supported by our investment portfolio or funds withheld using our cash resources. the value of locs required is driven by, among other things, statutory liabilities reported by variable annuity guarantee reinsurance clients, loss development of existing reserves, the payment pattern of such reserves, the expansion of business, and loss experience of such business.
the facility noted above requires that we maintain certain covenants, all of which have been met at december 31, 2014. these covenants include:
(i)   maintenance of a minimum consolidated net worth in an amount not less than the "minimum amount". for the purpose of this calculation, the minimum amount is an amount equal to the sum of the base amount (currently $20.2 billion) plus 25 percent of consolidated net income for each fiscal quarter, ending after the date on which the current base amount became effective, plus 50 percent of any increase in consolidated net worth during the same period, attributable to the issuance of common and preferred shares. the minimum amount is subject to an annual reset provision.
(ii)   maintenance of a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of not greater than 0.35 to 1. under this covenant, debt does not include trust preferred securities or mezzanine equity, except where the ratio of the sum of trust preferred securities and mezzanine equity to total capitalization is greater than 15 percent. in this circumstance, the amount greater than 15 percent would be included in the debt to total capitalization ratio.
at december 31, 2014, (a) the minimum consolidated net worth requirement under the covenant described in (i) above was $20.9 billion and our actual consolidated net worth as calculated under that covenant was $27.7 billion and (b) our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 0.165 to 1, which is below the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 0.35 to 1 as described in (ii) above.
our failure to comply with the covenants under any credit facility would, subject to grace periods in the case of certain covenants, result in an event of default. this could require us to repay any outstanding borrowings or to cash collateralize locs under such facility. our failure to repay material financial obligations, as well as our failure with respect to certain other events expressly identified, would result in an event of default under the facility.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
ratings ace limited and its subsidiaries are assigned credit and financial strength (insurance) ratings from internationally recognized rating agencies, including s&p, a.m. best, moody's, and fitch. the ratings issued on our companies by these agencies are announced publicly and are available directly from the agencies. our internet site (www.acegroup.com, under investor information) also contains some information about our ratings, but such information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report.
financial strength ratings reflect the rating agencies' opinions of a company's claims paying ability. independent ratings are one of the important factors that establish our competitive position in the insurance markets. the rating agencies consider many factors in determining the financial strength rating of an insurance company, including the relative level of statutory surplus necessary to support the business operations of the company. these ratings are based upon factors relevant to policyholders, agents, and intermediaries and are not directed toward the protection of investors. such ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities.
credit ratings assess a company's ability to make timely payments of principal and interest on its debt.
it is possible that, in the future, one or more of the rating agencies may reduce our existing ratings. if one or more of our ratings were downgraded, we could incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. in addition, our insurance and reinsurance operations could be adversely impacted by a downgrade in our financial strength
84
ratings, including a possible reduction in demand for our products in certain markets. also, we have insurance and reinsurance contracts which contain rating triggers. in the event the s&p or a.m. best financial strength ratings of ace fall, we may be faced with the cancellation of premium or be required to post collateral on our underlying obligation associated with this premium. we estimate that at december 31, 2014, a one-notch downgrade of our s&p or a.m. best financial strength ratings would result in an immaterial loss of premium or requirement for collateral to be posted.