item 1a.   risk factors the company faces a variety of risks that may affect its operations or financial results, and many of those risks are driven by factors that the company cannot control or predict. the following discussion addresses those risks that management believes are the most significant, although there may be other risks that could arise, or may prove to be more significant than expected, that may affect the company's operations or financial results.
for a discussion of the company's risk management, including operational risk, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, compliance risk, and legal risk, see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management."
developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact the company's business.
the company's business can be adversely affected by the general environment - economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments all play a role in client asset valuations, trading activity, interest rates and overall investor engagement, and are outside of the company's control. deterioration in the housing and credit markets, reductions in short-term interest rates, and decreases in securities valuations negatively impact the company's results of operations and capital resources.
extensive regulation of the company's businesses limits the company's activities and may subject it to significant penalties.
as a participant in the securities, banking and financial services industries, the company is subject to extensive regulation under both federal and state laws by governmental agencies, supervisory authorities, and sros. such regulation continues to grow more extensive and complex, and regulatory proceedings continue to become more frequent and sanctions more severe. the requirements imposed by the company's regulators are designed to ensure the integrity of the financial markets, the safety and soundness of financial institutions, and the protection of clients. these regulations often serve to limit the company's activities by way of capital, customer protection and market conduct requirements, and restrictions on the business activities that the company may conduct.
in addition to specific banking laws and regulations, the company's banking regulators have broad discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies and could require csc and/or schwab bank to hold more capital, increase liquidity, or limit their ability to pay dividends or csc's ability to repurchase shares. the banking regulators could also limit the company's ability to grow, including adding assets, launching new products, and undertaking strategic investments.
despite the company's efforts to comply with applicable regulations, there are a number of risks, particularly in areas where applicable regulations may be unclear or where regulators revise their previous guidance. any enforcement actions or other proceedings brought by the company's regulators against the company or its affiliates, officers or employees could result in fines, penalties, cease and desist orders, enforcement actions, suspension or expulsion, or other disciplinary sanctions,
- 7 -
the charles schwab corporation including limitations on the company's business activities, any of which could harm the company's reputation and adversely affect the company's results of operations and financial condition.
while the company maintains systems and procedures designed to ensure that it complies with applicable laws and regulations, violations could occur. in addition, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though systems and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violations were in place at the time. there may be other negative consequences resulting from a finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities. such a finding may also damage the company's reputation and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in the company's securities.
legislation or changes in rules and regulations could negatively impact the company's business and financial results.
new legislation, rule changes, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing federal, state and sro rules and regulations, including changes relating to money market mutual funds and broker-dealer fiduciary duties, may directly affect the operation and profitability of the company or its specific business lines. the profitability of the company could also be affected by rules and regulations which impact the business and financial communities generally, including changes to the laws governing taxation, electronic commerce, client privacy and security of client data. in addition, the rules and regulations could result in limitations on the lines of business the company conducts, modifications to the company's business practices, increased capital requirements, or additional costs.
financial reforms and related regulations may affect the company's business activities, financial position and profitability.
there have been extensive changes to the laws regulating financial services firms as a result of the enactment of the "dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act" (the dodd-frank act). among other changes:
·   new regulatory capital rules were implemented. the rules, which apply to csc and schwab bank, became effective on january 1, 2015, with certain provisions subject to phase-in periods. the rules establish more restrictive capital definitions, higher risk-weightings for certain asset classes, higher minimum capital ratios and capital buffers. failure to meet the minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a negative impact on the company. in addition, failure to meet the capital buffer (when phased in) will result in restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary cash bonus payments to executive officers.
·   the federal reserve issued a modified liquidity coverage ratio (lcr) that applies to csc. under the modified lcr, a depository institution holding company is required to maintain high-quality liquid assets in an amount related to its total estimated net cash outflows over a prospective period. the transition period for the modified lcr begins on january 1, 2016 and csc is required to be fully compliant by january 1, 2017.
·   schwab bank is required to conduct annual capital adequacy stress tests on its operations and beginning in 2015, publicly disclose a summary of the results. csc expects to become subject to a similar rule in the future.
·   the cfpb was established, which has broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement authority over consumer products, including deposit products, mortgages and home-equity loans. states are permitted to adopt stricter consumer protection laws and state attorney generals can enforce consumer protection rules issued by the cfpb.
implementation of the legislation is ongoing and significant rule-making and interpretations remain to be completed. for example, rules relating to a minimum net stable funding ratio which will require financial institutions to have a stable funding structure over a one-year horizon have not yet been proposed. in addition, the legislation mandates multiple studies, which could result in additional legislative or regulatory action. csc will continue to review the impact that proposed rule-making will have on the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations, as such rule-making is issued.
the legislation gives the sec discretion to adopt rules regarding standards of conduct for broker-dealers providing investment advice to retail customers. the various studies required by the legislation could result in additional rulemaking or legislative action, which could impact the company's business and financial results.
the changes resulting from the legislation may impact the profitability of the company's business activities, require changes to certain of its business practices, impose upon the company more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage ratio
- 8 -
the charles schwab corporation requirements or otherwise adversely affect the company's business. these changes may also require the company to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes.
technology and operational failures or errors could subject the company to losses, litigation, and regulatory actions.
the company faces operational risk, which is the potential for loss due to inadequate or failed internal processes, systems, and firms or exchanges handling client orders, or from external events and relationships impacting the company and/or any of its key business partners and vendors. this risk also includes the risk of human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those used for asset management, capital management, risk management and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, terrorist attacks, natural disaster, power outage, capacity constraints, software flaws and similar events. for example, the company and other financial institutions have been the target of various denial of service attacks that have, in certain circumstances, made websites, mobile applications and email unavailable for periods of time. it could take several hours or more to restore full functionality to the company's technology or other operating systems in the event of an unforeseen event which could affect the company's ability to process and settle client transactions. moreover, instances of fraud or other misconduct, including improper use or disclosure of confidential client, employee, or company information, might also negatively impact the company's reputation and client confidence in the company, in addition to any direct losses that might result from such instances. despite the company's efforts to identify areas of risk, oversee operational areas involving risk, and implement policies and procedures designed to manage these risks, there can be no assurance that the company will not suffer unexpected losses, reputational damage or regulatory action due to technology or other operational failures or errors, including those of its vendors or other third parties.
while the company devotes substantial attention and resources to the reliability, capacity and scalability of its systems, extraordinary trading volumes could cause the company's computer systems to operate at unacceptably slow speeds or even fail, affecting the company's ability to process client transactions and potentially resulting in some clients' orders being executed at prices they did not anticipate. disruptions in service and slower system response times could result in substantial losses and decreased client satisfaction. the company is also dependent on the integrity and performance of securities exchanges, clearing houses and other intermediaries to which client orders are routed for execution and settlement. systems failures and constraints and transaction error at such intermediaries could result in delays and erroneous or unanticipated execution prices, cause substantial losses for the company and for its clients, and subject the company to claims from its clients for damages.
a significant decrease in the company's liquidity could negatively affect the company's business and financial management as well as reduce client confidence in the company.
maintaining adequate liquidity is crucial to the business operations of the company, including margin lending, mortgage lending, and transaction settlement, among other liquidity needs. the company meets its liquidity needs primarily through cash generated by client activity and operating earnings, as well as cash provided by external financing. fluctuations in client cash or deposit balances, as well as changes in market conditions, may affect the company's ability to meet its liquidity needs. a reduction in the company's liquidity position could reduce client confidence in the company, which could result in the loss of client accounts. in addition, if the company's broker-dealer or depository institution subsidiaries fail to meet regulatory capital guidelines, regulators could limit the subsidiaries' operations or their ability to upstream funds to csc, which could reduce csc's liquidity and adversely affect its ability to repay debt and pay cash dividends. in addition, csc may need to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries.
factors which may adversely affect the company's liquidity position include a reduction in cash held in banking or brokerage client accounts, a dramatic increase in the company's client lending activities (including margin, mortgage-related, and personal lending), unanticipated outflows of company cash, increased capital requirements, other regulatory changes or a loss of market or customer confidence in the company. schwab may also experience temporary liquidity demands due to timing differences between clients' transaction settlements and the availability of segregated cash balances.
when cash generated by client activity and operating earnings is not sufficient for the company's liquidity needs, the company must seek external financing. during periods of disruptions in the credit and capital markets, potential sources of external financing could be reduced, and borrowing costs could increase. although csc and schwab maintain committed and uncommitted, unsecured bank credit lines and csc has a commercial paper issuance program, as well as a universal
- 9 -
the charles schwab corporation shelf registration statement filed with the sec, financing may not be available on acceptable terms or at all due to market conditions or disruptions in the credit markets. in addition, a significant downgrade in the company's credit ratings could increase its borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets.
the company may suffer significant losses from its credit exposures.
the company's businesses are subject to the risk that a client, counterparty or issuer will fail to perform its contractual obligations, or that the value of collateral held to secure obligations will prove to be inadequate. while the company has policies and procedures designed to manage this risk, the policies and procedures may not be fully effective. the company's exposure mainly results from margin lending, clients' options trading, securities lending, mortgage lending, its role as a counterparty in financial contracts and investing activities, and indirectly from the investing activities of certain of the proprietary funds that the company sponsors.
when clients purchase securities on margin or trade options or futures, the company is subject to the risk that clients may default on their obligations when the value of the securities and cash in their accounts falls below the amount of clients' indebtedness. abrupt changes in securities valuations and the failure of clients to meet margin calls could result in substantial losses.
the company has exposure to credit risk associated with its securities available for sale and securities held to maturity portfolios, which include u.s. agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, u.s. agency notes, certificates of deposit, and commercial paper among other investments. these instruments are also subject to price fluctuations as a result of changes in the financial market's assessment of issuer credit quality, increases in the unemployment rate, delinquency and default rates, housing price declines, changes in prevailing interest rates and other economic factors. a failure to raise the u.s. debt limit and/or a downgrade of the u.s. government's credit rating could decrease the value of the company's securities in both the available for sale and held to maturity portfolios.
loss of value of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity can negatively affect earnings if management determines that such securities are other than temporarily impaired. the evaluation of whether other-than-temporary impairment exists is a matter of judgment, which includes the assessment of several factors. see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting estimates." if management determines that a security is other-than-temporarily impaired, the cost basis of the security may be adjusted and a corresponding loss may be recognized in current earnings. certain securities available for sale experienced continued credit deterioration in 2014, which resulted in impairment charges. deterioration in the performance of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity could result in the recognition of future impairment charges.
the company's loans to banking clients primarily consist of first mortgages and helocs. increases in delinquency and default rates, housing price declines, increases in the unemployment rate, and other economic factors can result in charges for loan loss reserves and write downs on such loans.
heightened credit exposures to specific counterparties or instruments (concentration risk) can increase the company's risk of loss. examples of the company's credit concentration risk include:
·   large positions in financial instruments collateralized by assets with similar economic characteristics or in securities of a single issuer or industry;
·   mortgage loans and helocs to banking clients which are secured by properties in the same geographic region; and
·   margin and securities lending activities collateralized by securities of a single issuer or industry.
the company may also be subject to concentration risk when lending to a particular counterparty, borrower or issuer.
the company sponsors a number of proprietary money market mutual funds and other proprietary funds. although the company has no obligation to do so, the company may decide for competitive or other reasons to provide credit, liquidity or other support to its funds in the event of significant declines in valuation of fund holdings or significant redemption activity that exceeds available liquidity. such support could cause the company to take significant charges, could reduce the company's liquidity and, in certain situations, could, with respect to proprietary funds other than money market mutual funds, result in the company having to consolidate a supported fund in its financial statements. if the company chose not to
- 10 -
the charles schwab corporation provide credit, liquidity or other support in such a situation, the company could suffer reputational damage and its business could be adversely affected.
significant interest rate changes could affect the company's profitability and financial condition.
the company is exposed to interest rate risk primarily from changes in the interest rates on its interest-earning assets (such as cash equivalents, short- and long-term investments, and mortgage and margin loans) relative to changes in the costs of its funding sources (including deposits in banking and uninvested cash in brokerage accounts, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt). changes in interest rates generally affect the interest earned on interest-earning assets differently than the interest the company pays on its interest-bearing liabilities. in addition, certain funding sources do not bear interest and their cost therefore does not vary. overall, the company is positioned to benefit from a rising interest rate environment; the company could be adversely affected by a decline in interest rates if the rates that the company earns on interest-earning assets decline more than the rates that the company pays on its funding sources, or if prepayment rates increase on the mortgages and mortgage-backed securities that the company holds. the company may also be limited in the amount it can reduce interest rates on funding sources, such as deposit accounts, and still offer a competitive return.
as a result of the low interest rate environment, the company has been waiving and may continue to waive a portion of its management fees for certain schwab-sponsored money market mutual funds. to the extent the overall yield on certain schwab-sponsored money market mutual funds falls to a level at or below the management fees on those funds, the company may waive a portion of its fee in order to continue providing some return to clients. such fee waivers negatively impact the company's asset management and administration fees.
the company is subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings and may not be successful in defending itself against claims or proceedings.
the financial services industry faces substantial litigation and regulatory risks. the company is subject to claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, some of which include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. the company is also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.
litigation and arbitration claims include those brought by the company's clients and the clients of third party advisors whose assets are custodied at the company. claims from clients of third party advisors may allege losses due to investment decisions made by the third party advisors or the advisors' misconduct. litigation claims also include claims from third parties alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights (e.g., patents). such litigation can require the expenditure of significant company resources. if the company were found to have infringed a third-party patent, or other intellectual property rights, it could incur substantial damages, and in some circumstances could be enjoined from using certain technology, or providing certain products or services.
actions brought against the company may result in settlements, awards, injunctions, fines, penalties or other results adverse to the company including reputational harm. even if the company is successful in defending against these actions, the defense of such matters may result in the company incurring significant expenses. predicting the outcome of matters is inherently difficult, particularly where claims are brought on behalf of various classes of claimants, claimants seek substantial or unspecified damages, or when investigations or legal proceedings are at an early stage. a substantial judgment, settlement, fine, or penalty could be material to the company's operating results or cash flows for a particular future period, depending on the company's results for that period. in market downturns, the volume of legal claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial services companies have historically increased. see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 14. commitments and contingencies."
security breaches of the company's systems, or those of its clients or third parties, may subject the company to significant liability and damage the company's reputation.
the company's business involves the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential information about the company and its clients. information security risks for financial institutions are increasing, in part because of the use of the internet and mobile technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized
- 11 -
the charles schwab corporation crime, activists, hackers and other external parties. the company's systems and those of other financial institutions have been and are likely to continue to be the target of cyber attacks, malicious code, computer viruses and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. despite the company's efforts to ensure the integrity of its systems, the company may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. data security breaches may also result from non-technical means, for example, actions by a suborned employee.
security breaches, including breaches of the company's security measures or those of the company's third-party service providers or clients, could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws and could subject the company to significant liability or loss that may not be covered by insurance, actions by the company's regulators, damage to the company's reputation, or a loss of confidence in the company's security measures which could harm the company's business. the company may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify its protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures.
the company also faces risk related to external fraud involving the compromise of clients' personal electronic devices that can facilitate the unauthorized access to login and password information for their various online financial accounts, including those at the company. such risk has grown in recent years due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime and other external parties, including foreign state-sponsored parties. for example, these parties send fraudulent "phishing" emails to the company's clients in order to misappropriate user names, passwords or other personal information. losses reimbursed to clients under the company's guarantee against unauthorized account activity could have a negative impact on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company relies on outsourced service providers to perform key functions.
the company relies on external service providers to perform certain key technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. these service providers face technology, operating, business, and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of the company's confidential client, employee, or company information, could cause the company to incur losses and could harm the company's reputation. an interruption in or the cessation of service by any external service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties or for any other reason, and the company's inability to make alternative arrangements in a timely manner could disrupt the company's operations, impact the company's ability to offer certain products and services, and result in financial losses to the company. switching to an alternative service provider may require a transition period and result in less efficient operations.
potential strategic transactions could have a negative impact on the company's financial position.
the company evaluates potential strategic transactions, including business combinations, acquisitions, and dispositions. any such transaction could have a material impact on the company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. the process of evaluating, negotiating, and effecting any such strategic transaction may divert management's attention from other business concerns, and might cause the loss of key clients, employees, and business partners. moreover, integrating businesses and systems may result in unforeseen expenditures as well as numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to integrate operational, financial, and management information systems and management controls, integrate relationships with clients and business partners, and manage facilities and employees in different geographic areas. in addition, an acquisition may cause the company to assume liabilities or become subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings. further, the company may not realize the anticipated benefits from an acquisition, and any future acquisition could be dilutive to the company's current stockholders' percentage ownership or to earnings per common share.
the company's acquisitions and dispositions are typically subject to closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the absence of material adverse changes in the business, operations or financial condition of the entity being acquired or sold. to the extent the company enters into an agreement to buy or sell an entity, there can be no guarantee that the transaction will close when expected, or at all. if a material transaction does not close, the company's stock price could decline.
- 12 -
the charles schwab corporation the company's industry is characterized by aggressive price competition.
the company continually monitors its pricing in relation to competitors and periodically adjusts trade commission rates, interest rates on deposits and loans, fees for advisory services, and other fee structures to enhance its competitive position. increased price competition from other financial services firms, such as reduced commissions to attract trading volume or higher deposit rates to attract client cash balances, could impact the company's results of operations and financial condition. to the extent that any of our competitors acquires or is acquired by another institution, that firm may be able to offer products and services at lower prices and/or promote those products and services more aggressively.
the company faces competition in hiring and retaining qualified employees, especially for employees who are key to the company's ability to build and enhance client relationships.
the market for quality professionals and other personnel in the company's business is highly competitive. competition is particularly strong for financial consultants who build and sustain the company's client relationships. the company's ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon its ability to attract new employees and retain existing employees while managing compensation costs.
the company's stock price has fluctuated historically, and may continue to fluctuate.
the company's stock price can be volatile. among the factors that may affect the volatility of the company's stock price are the following:
·   speculation in the investment community or the press about, or actual changes in, the company's competitive position, organizational structure, executive team, operations, financial condition, financial reporting and results, expense discipline, or strategic transactions;
·   the announcement of new products, services, acquisitions, or dispositions by the company or its competitors;
·   increases or decreases in revenue or earnings, changes in earnings estimates by the investment community, and variations between estimated financial results and actual financial results.
changes in the stock market generally or as it concerns the company's industry, as well as geopolitical, economic, and business factors unrelated to the company, may also affect the company's stock price.
future sales of csc's equity securities may adversely affect the market price of csc's common stock and result in dilution.
csc's certificate of incorporation authorizes csc's board of directors to, among other things, issue additional shares of common or preferred stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into equity securities, without stockholder approval. csc may issue additional equity or convertible securities to raise additional capital or for other purposes. the issuance of any additional equity or convertible securities could be substantially dilutive to holders of csc's common stock and may adversely affect the market price of csc's common stock.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements in addition to historical information, this annual report on form 10-k contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. forward-looking statements are identified by words such as "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "will," "may," "estimate," "appear," "aim," "target," "could," and other similar expressions. in addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements.
these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's beliefs, objectives, and expectations as of the date hereof, are necessarily estimates based on the best judgment of the company's senior management. these statements relate to, among other things:
·   the company's ability to pursue its business strategy and maintain its market leadership position (see "part i - item 1. - business - business strategy and competitive environment");
·   the expected impact of the new regulatory capital and lcr rules (see "part i - item 1a. - risk factors" and "current market and regulatory environment and other developments");
·   the impact of legal proceedings and regulatory matters (see "part i - item 3. - legal proceedings" and "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements -14. commitments and contingencies - legal contingencies");
·   the impact of current market conditions on the company's results of operations (see "current market and regulatory environment and other developments," "results of operations - net interest revenue," and "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 5. securities available for sale and securities held to maturity");
·   sources of liquidity, capital, and level of dividends (see "part i - item 1. - business - regulation," "liquidity and capital resources," "contractual obligations," and "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 22. regulatory requirements");
·   target capital and debt ratios (see "liquidity and capital resources" and "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 22. regulatory requirements");
·   capital expenditures (see "liquidity and capital resources - capital resources - capital expenditures");
·   the impact of the revised underwriting criteria on the credit quality of the company's mortgage portfolio (see "risk management - credit risk");
·   the impact of changes in management's estimates on the company's results of operations (see "critical accounting estimates");
·   the impact of changes in the likelihood of indemnification and guarantee payment obligations on the company's results of operations (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 14. commitments and contingencies"); and
·   the impact on the company's results of operations of recording stock option expense (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 19. employee incentive, retirement, and deferred compensation plans").
achievement of the expressed beliefs, objectives and expectations described in these statements is subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expressed beliefs, objectives, and expectations. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k or, in the case of documents incorporated by reference, as of the date of those documents.
important factors that may cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to:
·   changes in general economic and financial market conditions;
·   changes in revenues and profit margin due to changes in interest rates;
·   adverse developments in litigation or regulatory matters;
·   the extent of any charges associated with litigation and regulatory matters;
- 18 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
·   amounts recovered on insurance policies;
·   the company's ability to attract and retain clients and grow client assets and relationships;
·   the company's ability to develop and launch new products, services and capabilities in a timely and successful manner, including schwab intelligent portfoliostm;
·   fluctuations in client asset values due to changes in equity valuations;
·   the company's ability to monetize client assets;
·   the performance or valuation of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity;
·   trading activity;
·   the level of interest rates, including yields available on money market mutual fund eligible instruments;
·   the adverse impact of financial reform legislation and related regulations;
·   investment, structural and capital adjustments made by the company in connection with the new lcr rule;
·   the amount of loans to the company's brokerage and banking clients;
·   the extent to which past performance of the company's mortgage portfolio is indicative of future performance;
·   the level of the company's stock repurchase activity;
·   the level of brokerage client cash balances and deposits from banking clients;
·   the availability and terms of external financing;
·   capital needs and management;
·   timing and amount of severance and other costs related to reducing the company's san francisco footprint;
·   the company's ability to manage expenses;
·   regulatory guidance;
·   the level of client assets, including cash balances;
·   competitive pressures on rates and fees;
·   acquisition integration costs;
·   the timing and impact of changes in the company's level of investments in buildings, land, and leasehold improvements;
·   potential breaches of contractual terms for which the company has indemnification and guarantee obligations; and
·   client use of the company's investment advisory services and other products and services.
certain of these factors, as well as general risk factors affecting the company, are discussed in greater detail in this annual report on form 10-k, including "item 1a - risk factors."
- 19 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
overview management of the company focuses on several key client activity and financial metrics in evaluating the company's financial position and operating performance. management believes that net revenue growth, pre-tax profit margin, earnings per common share, and return on common stockholders' equity provide broad indicators of the company's overall financial health, operating efficiency, and ability to generate acceptable returns within the context of a given operating environment. expenses excluding interest as a percentage of average client assets is considered by management to be a measure of operating efficiency. results for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 are:
growth rate
1-year year ended december 31,                                           2013-2014               2014               2013               2012
client metrics:
net new client assets (1) (in billions)                           n/m               $124.8              $41.6             $139.7
client assets (2) (in billions, at year end)                       10   %         $2,463.6           $2,249.4           $1,951.6
new brokerage accounts (3) (in thousands)                           1   %              972                960                900
active brokerage accounts (4) (in thousands, at year end)           3   %            9,386              9,093              8,787
assets receiving ongoing advisory services (5)
(in billions, at year end)                                         12   %         $1,228.1           $1,101.4             $915.2
client cash as a percentage of client assets (6)
(at year end)                                                                         12.3   %           13.1   %           14.7   %
company financial metrics:
net revenues                                                       11   %           $6,058             $5,435             $4,883
expenses excluding interest                                         6   %            3,943              3,730              3,433
income before taxes on income                                      24   %            2,115              1,705              1,450
taxes on income                                                    25   %              794                634                522
net income                                                         23   %           $1,321             $1,071               $928
preferred stock dividends                                         (2)   %               60                 61                 45
net income available to common stockholders                        25   %           $1,261             $1,010               $883
earnings per common share - diluted                                22   %             $.95               $.78               $.69
net revenue growth from prior year                                                      11   %             11   %              4   %
pre-tax profit margin                                                                 34.9   %           31.4   %           29.7   %
return on average common stockholders' equity (7)                                       12   %             11   %             11   %
expenses excluding interest as a percentage of average client assets                                                                 0.17   %           0.18   %           0.19   %
(1)   net new client assets is defined as the total inflows of client cash and securities to the firm less client outflows. management believes that this metric, along with core net new assets, depicts how well the company's products and services appeal to new and existing clients. core net new assets totaled $124.8 billion, $140.8 billion, and $112.4 billion in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. see below for items excluded from core net new assets.
(2)   client assets represent the market value of all client assets custodied at the company. management considers client assets to be indicative of the company's appeal in the marketplace. additionally, fluctuations in certain components of client assets (e.g., mutual fund onesource® funds) directly impact asset management and administration fees.
(3)   new brokerage accounts include all brokerage accounts opened during the period, as well as any accounts added via acquisition. this metric measures the company's effectiveness in attracting new clients and building stronger relationships with existing clients.
(4)   active brokerage accounts include accounts with balances or activity within the preceding eight months. this metric is an indicator of the company's success in both attracting and retaining clients.
(5)   assets receiving ongoing advisory services include relationships under the guidance of independent advisors and assets enrolled in one of the company's retail or other advisory solutions. this metric depicts how well the company's advisory products and services appeal to new and existing clients.
(6)   client cash as a percentage of client assets includes schwab one®, certain cash equivalents, deposits from banking clients and money market fund balances, as a percentage of client assets. this measure is an indicator of clients' engagement in the fixed income and equity markets.
(7)   calculated as net income available to common stockholders divided by average common stockholders' equity.
n/m not meaningful.
- 20 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
core net new client assets is defined as net new client assets before significant one-time flows. management considers this to be a useful metric when comparing period-to-period client asset flows. the following one-time flows were excluded from core net new assets.
·   2013 excludes outflows of $74.5 billion relating to the planned transfer of a mutual fund clearing services client. the company also reduced its reported total for overall client assets by $24.7 billion in 2013 to reflect the estimated impact of the consolidation of its retirement plan recordkeeping technology platforms and subsequent resignation from certain retirement plan clients.
·   2012 excludes inflows of $27.7 billion from mutual fund clearing services clients and $900 million from the acquisition of thomaspartners, inc., and outflows of $1.3 billion from the closure and/or sale of certain subsidiaries of optionsxpress.
the company's major sources of net revenues are asset management and administration fees, net interest revenue, and trading revenue. the company generates asset management and administration fees through its proprietary and third-party mutual fund offerings, as well as fee-based advisory solutions. net interest revenue is the difference between interest earned on interest-earning assets and interest paid on funding sources, the majority of which is derived from client cash balances. asset management and administration fees and net interest revenue are impacted by securities valuations, interest rates, the amount and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing funding sources, the company's ability to attract new clients, and client activity levels. the company generates trading revenue through commissions earned for executing trades for clients and principal transaction revenue primarily from trading activity in client fixed income securities. trading revenue is impacted by trading volumes, the volatility of prices in the equity and fixed income markets, and commission rates.
2014 compared to 2013
the company operated in an environment of mixed market conditions during 2014 compared to 2013, as the nasdaq composite index, standard & poor's 500 index, and dow jones industrial average showed periods of volatility before ending the year up 13%, 11%, and 8%, respectively. the federal funds target rate remained unchanged at a range of zero to 0.25% during 2014. the average 10-year treasury yield increased by 20 basis points to 2.53% during 2014 compared to 2013, while the yield ended the year down 86 basis points to 2.17%. in the same period, the average three-month treasury bill yield decreased by 3 basis points to 0.02%.
the company's steady focus on serving investor needs through its full-service investing model continued to drive growth during 2014. total client assets ended the year at $2.46 trillion, up 10% from 2013, reflecting net new client assets of $124.8 billion and a rising equity market environment. in addition, the company added almost 1 million new brokerage accounts to its client base during 2014. active brokerage accounts reached 9.4 million in 2014, up 3% from 2013.
as a result of the company's strong key client activity metrics, the company achieved a pre-tax profit margin of 34.9% in 2014. overall, net income increased by 23% in 2014 from 2013 and the return on average common stockholders' equity was 12% in 2014.
overall, net revenues increased by 11% in 2014 from 2013, primarily due to increases in net interest revenue, asset management and administration fees, and other revenue - net. net interest revenue increased primarily due to higher balances of interest-earning assets, including margin loans and the company's investment portfolio (securities available for sale and securities held to maturity), and the effect higher average interest rates on securities held to maturity had on the company's average net interest margin. asset management and administration fees increased due to fees from mutual fund services, advice solutions, and other asset management and administration services. other revenue - net increased primarily due to a net insurance settlement of $45 million, net litigation proceeds of $28 million related to the company's non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities portfolio, and increases in order flow revenue.
expenses excluding interest increased by 6% in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to an increase in compensation and benefits expense as a result of a charge of $68 million for estimated future severance benefits resulting from changes in the company's geographic footprint and an increase in professional services expense.
- 21 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
2013 compared to 2012
valuations in the broad equity markets improved during 2013 compared to 2012, as the nasdaq composite index, standard & poor's 500 index, and dow jones industrial average increased 38%, 30%, and 26%, respectively. while the federal funds target rate remained unchanged at a range of zero to 0.25%, the average 10-year treasury yield increased by 55 basis points to 2.33% during 2013 compared to 2012. in the same period however, the average three-month treasury bill yield decreased by 3 basis points to 0.05%.
the company continued to experience growth in its client base during 2013 - core net new client assets totaled $140.8 billion, up 25% from $112.4 billion in 2012. total client assets ended the year at a record $2.25 trillion, up 15% from 2012. in addition, the company added almost 1 million new brokerage accounts during 2013, and active brokerage accounts reached 9.1 million, up 3% from 2012.
as a result of the company's strong key client activity metrics, the company achieved a pre-tax profit margin of 31.4% in 2013. overall, net income increased by 15% in 2013 from 2012 and the return on average common stockholders' equity was 11% in 2013.
along with the growth in its client base, enrollments in client advisory solutions and stability in the economic environment helped the company achieve increases in all three major revenue lines in 2013 compared to 2012. overall, net revenues increased by 11% in 2013 from 2012, primarily due to increases in asset management and administration fees, net interest revenue, and trading revenue, partially offset by a decrease in other revenue - net. asset management and administration fees increased primarily due to increases in mutual fund service fees and advice solutions fees. net interest revenue increased primarily due to higher balances of interest-earning assets and higher interest rates on new fixed-rate investments. this increase was partially offset by the effect lower average short-term interest rates and the maturity of short-term interest-earning assets had on the company's average net interest margin. trading revenue increased primarily due to higher daily average revenue trades and two additional trading days during the year. other revenue - net decreased primarily due to a non-recurring gain of $70 million relating to a confidential resolution of a vendor dispute in 2012.
expenses excluding interest increased by 9% in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, professional services, advertising and market development, and other expense. compensation and benefits expense increased in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to higher incentive compensation relating to the transition to a new payout schedule for field incentive plans, increased individual sales performance compensation as a result of field sales volume, increased and accelerated health savings account (hsa) contributions, equity incentive plan changes to vesting for retirement-eligible employees, and increased funding for the corporate bonus plan commensurate with achieving higher earnings per common share. advertising and market development expense increased primarily due to investment in the company's new advertising and branding initiative, own your tomorrowtm.
current market and regulatory environment and other developments to the extent short-term interest rates remain at current low levels, the company's net interest revenue will continue to be constrained, even as growth in average balances helps to increase such revenue. the low short-term interest rate environment also affects asset management and administration fees. the company continues to waive a portion of its management fees, as the overall yields on certain schwab-sponsored money market mutual funds have remained at levels at or below the management fees on those funds. these and certain other schwab-sponsored money market mutual funds may not be able to replace maturing securities with securities of equal or higher yields. as a result, the yields on such funds may remain around or decline from their current levels, and therefore below the stated management fees on those funds. to the extent this occurs, asset management and administration fees may continue to be negatively affected.
in july 2013, the u.s. banking agencies issued regulatory capital rules that implemented basel iii and relevant provisions of the dodd-frank act (final regulatory capital rules), which are applicable to savings and loan holding companies, such as csc, and federal savings banks, such as schwab bank. the implementation of the rules began on january 1, 2015. the
- 22 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
company does not expect the final regulatory capital rules to have a material impact on the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the final regulatory capital rules, among other things:
·   subject savings and loan holding companies to consolidated capital requirements;
·   revise the required minimum risk-based and leverage capital requirements by (1) establishing a new minimum common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (common equity tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets) of 4.5%; (2) raising the minimum tier 1 risk-based capital ratio from 4.0% to 6.0%; (3) maintaining the minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0%; and (4) maintaining a minimum tier 1 leverage ratio (tier 1 capital to adjusted average consolidated assets) of 4.0%;
·   add a requirement to maintain a minimum capital conservation buffer, composed of common equity tier 1 capital, of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, which means that banking organizations, on a fully phased-in basis no later than january 1, 2019, must maintain a common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio greater than 7.0%; a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio greater than 8.5% and a total risk-based capital ratio greater than 10.5%; and
·   change the definition of capital categories for insured depository: to be considered "well-capitalized", schwab bank must have a common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6.5%, a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8%, a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10% and a tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5%.
the new minimum regulatory capital ratios and changes to the calculation of risk-weighted assets were effective beginning january 1, 2015. the required minimum capital conservation buffer will be phased in incrementally, starting at 0.625% on january 1, 2016 and increasing to 1.25% on january 1, 2017, 1.875% on january 1, 2018 and 2.5% on january 1, 2019.
the final regulatory capital rules provide that the failure to maintain the minimum capital conservation buffer will result in restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary cash bonus payments to executive officers.
in september 2014, the federal reserve, in collaboration with the occ and the fdic, issued a rule implementing a quantitative liquidity requirement generally consistent with the lcr standard established by basel iii. the lcr applies to all internationally active banking organizations. the federal reserve also issued a modified lcr that applies to the company. under the modified lcr, a depository institution holding company is required to maintain high-quality liquid assets in an amount related to its total estimated net cash outflows over a prospective period. the modified lcr will be phased in beginning on january 1, 2016, with a minimum requirement of 90%, increasing to 100% at january 1, 2017. the company is currently evaluating the impact of the final rule but does not expect a material impact to the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the company is pursuing lawsuits in state court in san francisco for rescission and damages against issuers, underwriters, and dealers of individual non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities on which the company has experienced realized and unrealized losses. the lawsuits allege that offering documents for the securities contained material untrue and misleading statements about the securities and the underwriting standards and credit quality of the underlying loans. on january 27, 2012, and july 24, 2012, the court denied defendants' motions to dismiss the claims and discovery is proceeding. to date, the company has realized $28 million in net settlement proceeds on such claims, and an initial trial date relating to certain of the defendants who remain in the case is set for august 2015.
- 23 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
results of operations the following discussion is an analysis of the company's results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012.
net revenues the company's major sources of net revenues are asset management and administration fees, net interest revenue, and trading revenue. asset management and administration fees and net interest revenue increased, while trading revenue remained relatively flat in 2014 as compared to 2013. asset management and administration fees, net interest revenue, and trading revenue all increased in 2013 as compared to 2012.
year ended december 31,                                        2014                                2013                                2012
% of                                % of                                % of growth rate                           total net                           total net                           total net
2013-2014            amount          revenues            amount          revenues            amount          revenues asset management and administration fees schwab money market funds before fee waivers       2   %                  $957                                $936                                $891
fee waivers                                       11   %                 (751)                               (674)                               (587)
schwab money market funds after fee waivers     (21)   %                   206          3      %               262          5      %               304          6      %
equity and bond funds                             22   %                   192          3      %               157          3      %               125          3      %
mutual fund onesource®                             8   %                   839         14      %               774         14      %               680         14      %
total mutual fund service fees                     4   %                 1,237         20      %             1,193         22      %             1,109         23      %
advice solutions                                  17   %                   840         14      %               718         13      %               580         12      %
other                                             13   %                   456          8      %               404          8      %               354          7      %
asset management and administration fees           9   %                 2,533         42      %             2,315         43      %             2,043         42      %
net interest revenue interest revenue                                  14   %                 2,374         39      %             2,085         38      %             1,914         39      %
interest expense                                 (3)   %                 (102)        (1)      %             (105)        (2)      %             (150)        (3)      %
net interest revenue                              15   %                 2,272         38      %             1,980         36      %             1,764         36      %
trading revenue commissions                                      (1)   %                   857         14      %               864         16      %               816         17      %
principal transactions                             2   %                    50          1      %                49          1      %                52          1      %
trading revenue                                  (1)   %                   907         15      %               913         17      %               868         18      %
other - net                                       45   %                   343          5      %               236          4      %               256          5      %
provision for loan losses                        n/m                         4          -                        1          -                     (16)          -
net impairment losses on securities             (90)   %                   (1)          -                     (10)          -                     (32)        (1)      %
total net revenues                                11   %                $6,058        100      %            $5,435        100      %            $4,883        100      %
asset management and administration fees asset management and administration fees include mutual fund service fees and fees for other asset-based financial services provided to individual and institutional clients. the company earns mutual fund service fees for shareholder services, administration, and investment management provided to its proprietary funds, and recordkeeping and shareholder services provided to third-party funds. these fees are based upon the daily balances of client assets invested in these funds. the company also earns asset management fees for advice solutions, which include advisory and managed account services that are based on the daily balances of client assets subject to the specific fee for service. the fair values of client assets included in proprietary and third-party mutual funds are based on quoted market prices and other observable market data. other asset management and administration fees include various asset based fees, such as third-party mutual fund service fees, trust fees, 401(k) record keeping fees, and mutual fund clearing and other service fees. asset management and administration fees vary with changes in the balances of client assets due to market fluctuations and client activity. for a discussion of the impact of current market conditions on asset management and administration fees, see "current market and regulatory environment and other developments."
asset management and administration fees increased by $218 million, or 9%, in 2014 from 2013 due to fees from mutual fund services, advice solutions, and other asset management and administration services. asset management and
- 24 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
administration fees increased by $272 million, or 13%, in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to fees from mutual fund services and advice solutions.
mutual fund service fees increased by $44 million, or 4%, in 2014 from 2013 and by $84 million, or 8%, in 2013 from 2012, due to growth in client assets invested in the company's mutual fund onesource funds and equity and bond funds, partially offset by a decrease in net money market mutual fund fees as a result of continued low yields on fund assets.
advice solutions fees increased by $122 million, or 17%, in 2014 from 2013 due to growth in client assets enrolled in advisory offers, including schwab private clienttm, thomaspartners®, and schwab managed portfoliostm. advice solutions fees increased by $138 million, or 24%, in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to growth in client assets enrolled in advisory offers, including windhaven®, schwab private clienttm, and thomaspartners®.
other asset management and administration fees increased by $52 million, or 13%, in 2014 from 2013 and $50 million, or 14%, in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to third-party mutual fund service fees on higher client asset balances invested in other third-party mutual funds.
net interest revenue net interest revenue is the difference between interest earned on interest-earning assets and interest paid on funding sources. net interest revenue is affected by changes in the volume and mix of these assets and liabilities, as well as by fluctuations in interest rates and portfolio management strategies. the majority of the company's interest-earnings assets and interest-bearing liabilities are sensitive to changes in short-term interest rates. the company's investment strategy is structured to produce an increase in net interest revenue when interest rates rise and, conversely, a decrease in net interest revenue when interest rates fall, from current levels. when interest rates fall, the company may attempt to mitigate some of this negative impact by extending the maturities of assets in investment portfolios to lock in asset yields, and by lowering rates paid to clients on interest-bearing liabilities. since the company establishes the rates paid on certain brokerage client cash balances and deposits from banking clients, as well as the rates charged on receivables from brokerage clients, and also controls the composition of its investment securities, it has some ability to manage its net interest spread. however, the spread is influenced by external factors such as the interest rate environment and competition. the current low interest rate environment limits the extent to which the company can reduce interest expense paid on funding sources. to a lesser degree, the company is sensitive to changes in long-term interest rates through some of its investment portfolios. to mitigate the related risk, the company may alter the types of investments purchased. for discussion of the impact of current market conditions on net interest revenue, see "current market and regulatory environment and other developments."
the company's interest-earning assets are financed primarily by brokerage client cash balances and schwab bank deposits. non-interest-bearing funding sources include non-interest-bearing brokerage client cash balances, stockholders' equity, and proceeds from stock-lending activities. revenue from stock-lending activities is included in other interest revenue.
schwab bank maintains available for sale and held to maturity investment portfolios for liquidity as well as to earn interest by investing funds from deposits that are in excess of loans to banking clients and liquidity requirements. schwab bank lends funds to banking clients primarily in the form of mortgage loans, helocs, and personal loans secured by securities. these loans are largely funded by interest-bearing deposits from banking clients.
in clearing their clients' trades, schwab and optionsxpress, inc. hold cash balances payable to clients. in most cases, schwab and optionsxpress, inc. pay their clients interest on cash balances awaiting investment, and in turn invest these funds and earn interest revenue. receivables from brokerage clients consist primarily of margin loans to brokerage clients. margin loans are loans made to clients on a secured basis to purchase securities. pursuant to applicable regulations, client cash balances that are not used for margin lending are generally segregated into investment accounts that are maintained for the exclusive benefit of clients, which are recorded in cash and investments segregated on the company's consolidated balance sheets. when investing segregated client cash balances, schwab and optionsxpress, inc. must adhere to applicable regulations that restrict investments to securities guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government, participation certificates, mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by the government national mortgage association, deposits held at u.s.
- 25 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
banks and thrifts, and resale agreements collateralized by qualified securities. additionally, schwab and optionsxpress, inc. have established policies for the minimum credit quality and maximum maturity of these investments.
the following table presents net interest revenue information corresponding to interest-earning assets and funding sources on the consolidated balance sheets:
year ended december 31,                2014                                                   2013                                                   2012
interest          average                              interest          average                              interest          average average          revenue/           yield/             average          revenue/           yield/             average          revenue/           yield/
balance           expense             rate             balance           expense             rate             balance           expense             rate interest-earning assets:
cash and cash equivalents                         $7,179               $16       0.22     %              $6,943               $16       0.23     %              $7,130               $18       0.25     %
cash and investments segregated                   20,268                24       0.12     %              25,419                35       0.14     %              25,263                46       0.18     %
broker-related receivables (1)                       325                 -       0.09     %                 377                 -       0.04     %                 351                 -       0.04     %
receivables from brokerage clients                13,778               482       3.50     %              11,800               434       3.68     %              10,928               446       4.08     %
securities available for sale (2)                 52,057               546       1.05     %              49,114               557       1.13     %              39,745               583       1.47     %
securities held to maturity                       32,361               828       2.56     %              24,915               610       2.45     %              15,371               397       2.58     %
loans to banking clients                          12,906               355       2.75     %              11,758               329       2.80     %              10,053               309       3.07     %
loans held for sale                                    -                 -          -                         -                 -          -                        18                 1       4.12     %
total interest-earning assets                    138,874             2,251       1.62     %             130,326             1,981       1.52     %             108,859             1,800       1.65     %
other interest revenue                                                 123                                                    104                                                    114
total interest-earning assets                   $138,874            $2,374       1.71     %            $130,326            $2,085       1.60     %            $108,859            $1,914       1.76     %
funding sources:
deposits from banking clients                    $95,842               $30       0.03     %             $85,465               $31       0.04     %             $65,546               $42       0.06     %
payables to brokerage clients                     26,731                 2       0.01     %              30,258                 3       0.01     %              29,831                 3       0.01     %
long-term debt                                     1,901                73       3.84     %               1,751                69       3.94     %               1,934               103       5.33     %
total interest-bearing liabilities               124,474               105       0.08     %             117,474               103       0.09     %              97,311               148       0.15     %
non-interest-bearing funding sources              14,400                                                 12,852                                                 11,548
other interest expense (3)                                             (3)                                                      2                                                      2
total funding sources                           $138,874              $102       0.07     %            $130,326              $105       0.08     %            $108,859              $150       0.14     %
net interest revenue                                                $2,272       1.64     %                                $1,980       1.52     %                                $1,764       1.62     %
(1)                  interest revenue was less than $500,000 in the periods presented.
(2)   amounts have been calculated based on amortized cost.
(3)   includes the impact of capitalizing interest on building construction and software development.
net interest revenue increased in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to higher balances of interest-earning assets, including margin loans and the company's investment portfolio, and the effect higher average interest rates on securities held to maturity had on the company's average net interest margin. the growth in the average balance of deposits from banking clients funded the increase in the balances of securities held to maturity and securities available for sale.
net interest revenue increased in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to higher balances of interest-earning assets and higher interest rates on new fixed-rate investments, including securities available for sale and securities held to maturity, partially offset by the effect lower average short-term interest rates and the maturity of short-term interest-earning assets had on the company's average net interest margin. the growth in the average balance of deposits from banking clients funded the increase in the balance of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity. net interest revenue also increased due to the redemption of higher rate trust preferred securities and the exchange of higher rate senior notes during the third quarter of 2012.
trading revenue trading revenue includes commission and principal transaction revenues. commission revenue is affected by the number of revenue trades executed and the average revenue earned per revenue trade. principal transaction revenue is primarily comprised of revenue from trading activity in client fixed income securities. to accommodate clients' fixed income trading activity, the company maintains positions in fixed income securities, including state and municipal debt obligations, u.s. government, corporate debt, and other securities. the difference between the price at which the company buys and sells securities to and from its clients and other broker-dealers is recognized as principal transaction revenue. principal transaction
- 26 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
revenue also includes adjustments to the fair value of these securities positions. factors that influence principal transaction revenue include the volume of client trades and market price volatility.
trading revenue remained relatively flat in 2014 from 2013. trading revenue increased by $45 million, or 5%, in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to higher daily average revenue trades and two additional trading days in 2013.
daily average revenue trades were relatively flat in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to a higher volume of equity trades, offset by a lower volume of mutual fund trades. daily average revenue trades increased by 4% in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to a higher volume of equity and mutual fund trades, partially offset by a lower volume of future and option trades. average revenue per revenue trade remained relatively flat from 2012 to 2014.
growth rate year ended december 31,                                     2013-2014            2014            2013            2012
daily average revenue trades (1) (in thousands)         1   %               298.2           295.0           282.7
clients' daily average trades (2) (in thousands)        5   %               516.8           490.5           440.9
number of trading days (3)                              -                   250.5           250.5           248.5
average revenue per revenue trade                     (1)   %              $12.13          $12.31          $12.35
(1)                                                                                                    includes all client trades that generate trading revenue (i.e., commission revenue or principal transaction revenue).
(2)   includes daily average revenue trades, trades by clients in asset-based pricing relationships, and all commission-free trades, including the company's mutual fund onesource funds and etfs, and other proprietary products. clients' daily average trades is an indicator of client engagement with securities markets.
(3)   october 29 and 30, 2012, were not included as trading days due to weather-related market closures.
other revenue - net other revenue - net includes order flow revenue, nonrecurring gains, software fees from the company's portfolio management services, exchange processing fees, realized gains or losses on sales of securities available for sale, and other service fees.
other revenue - net increased by $107 million, or 45%, in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to a net insurance settlement of $45 million, net litigation proceeds of $28 million related to the company's non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities portfolio, and increases in order flow revenue.
other revenue - net decreased by $20 million, or 8%, in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to a non-recurring gain of $70 million relating to a confidential resolution of a vendor dispute in the second quarter of 2012 and realized gains of $35 million from the sales of securities available for sale in 2012, partially offset by an increase in order flow revenue that schwab began receiving in november 2012.
provision for loan losses the provision for loan losses decreased by $3 million in 2014, from $(1) million to $(4) million in 2013 and 2014, respectively, primarily due to improved residential real estate mortgage and heloc credit quality in the company's loan portfolio. charge-offs were $5 million, $11 million, and $16 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. for further discussion on the company's credit risk and the allowance for loan losses, see "risk management - credit risk" and "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 6. loans to banking clients and related allowance for loan losses."     net impairment losses on securities net impairment losses on securities were $1 million, $10 million, and $32 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. these charges were lower in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting a stabilization of the credit characteristics of certain non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities' underlying loans. for further discussion, see "item 8 - financial statements
- 27 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 5. securities available for sale and securities held to maturity."
expenses excluding interest as shown in the table below, expenses excluding interest were higher in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits and professional services expense. expenses excluding interest were higher in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, professional services, advertising and market development, and other expense.
growth rate year ended december 31,                                     2013-2014            2014            2013            2012
compensation and benefits                               8   %              $2,184          $2,027          $1,803
professional services                                  10   %                 457             415             388
occupancy and equipment                                 5   %                 324             309             311
advertising and market development                    (5)   %                 245             257             241
communications                                          1   %                 223             220             220
depreciation and amortization                         (1)   %                 199             202             196
other                                                   4   %                 311             300             274
total expenses excluding interest                       6   %              $3,943          $3,730          $3,433
expenses as a percentage of total net revenues:
compensation and benefits                                                      36   %          37   %          37   %
advertising and market development                                              4   %           5   %           5   %
compensation and benefits compensation and benefits expense includes salaries and wages, incentive compensation, and related employee benefits and taxes. incentive compensation includes variable compensation, discretionary bonuses, and stock-based compensation. variable compensation includes payments to certain individuals based on their sales performance. discretionary bonuses are based on the company's overall performance as measured by earnings per common share, and therefore will fluctuate with this measure. stock-based compensation primarily includes employee and board of director stock options and restricted stock.
the following table shows a comparison of certain compensation and benefits components and employee data:
growth rate year ended december 31,                                       2013-2014            2014            2013            2012
salaries and wages                                       12     %            $1,245          $1,110          $1,043
incentive compensation                                    1     %               605             599             466
employee benefits and other                               5     %               334             318             294
total compensation and benefits expense                   8     %            $2,184          $2,027          $1,803
full-time equivalent employees (in thousands) (1)
at year end                                               6     %              14.6            13.8            13.8
average                                                   2     %              14.2            13.9            13.8
(1)   includes full-time, part-time and temporary employees, and persons employed on a contract basis, and excludes employees of outsourced service providers.
salaries and wages increased in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to a $68 million charge in 2014 for estimated future severance benefits resulting from changes in the company's geographic footprint and due to annual salary increases. incentive compensation was relatively flat in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to an increase in discretionary bonus costs, offset by higher 2013 expense related to a new payout schedule for field incentive plans.
- 28 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
salaries and wages increased in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to annual salary increases. incentive compensation increased in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to the transition to a new payout schedule for field incentive plans, increased individual sales performance compensation as a result of higher field sales volume, and increased funding for the corporate bonus plan commensurate with achieving higher earnings per common share. employee benefits and other expense increased in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to payroll taxes related to the increase in incentive compensation, and increased contributions to new employee hsas. the company was converting to hsa-based healthcare and employee enrollment in these plans rose significantly in 2013.     expenses excluding compensation and benefits professional services expense increased in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to higher spending on technology services and an increase in fees paid to outsourced service providers and consultants. professional services expense increased in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to an increase in fees paid to outsourced service providers and consultants and higher spending on printing and fulfillment services.
occupancy and equipment expense increased in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to an increase in software maintenance expense relating to the company's information technology systems. occupancy and equipment expense was relatively flat in 2013 compared to 2012.
advertising and market development expense decreased in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to production costs incurred in 2013 relating to the development of the company's advertising and branding initiative, own your tomorrowtm, partially offset by higher 2014 spending on customer promotions. advertising and market development expense increased in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to higher spending on media relating to the launch of the company's new advertising and branding initiative, own your tomorrowtm.
other expense increased in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to an increase in travel costs as a result of increased employee headcount and travel. other expense increased in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to an increase in regulatory assessments.
taxes on income the company's effective income tax rate on income before taxes was 37.5% in 2014, 37.2% in 2013, and 36.0% in 2012. the increase in 2014 from 2013 was primarily due to the impact of a non-recurring state tax benefit of $4 million from 2013. the increase in 2013 from 2012 was primarily due to the impact of a non-recurring state tax benefit of $20 million in 2012, partially offset by the recognition of the additional state tax benefit of $4 million in 2013.      segment information the company provides financial services to individuals and institutional clients through two segments - investor services and advisor services. the investor services segment provides retail brokerage and banking services to individual investors, retirement plan services, and corporate brokerage services. the advisor services segment provides custodial, trading, and support services to independent investment advisors, and retirement business services to independent retirement plan advisors and recordkeepers whose plan assets are held at schwab bank. banking revenues and expenses are allocated to the company's two segments based on which segment services the client. the company evaluates the performance of its segments on a pre-tax basis, excluding items such as significant nonrecurring gains, impairment charges on non-financial assets, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, and significant restructuring and other charges. segment assets and liabilities are not used for evaluating segment performance or in deciding how to allocate resources to segments.
- 29 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
financial information for the company's reportable segments is presented in the following tables:
investor services                                                                                                                               advisor services growth rate                                                                                growth rate year ended december 31,     2013-2014                     2014                  2013                  2012               2013-2014              2014                  2013                  2012
net revenues asset management and administration fees         9      %                $1,775                $1,627                $1,436              10     %                $758                  $689                  $607
net interest revenue        16     %                 2,030                 1,756                 1,559               8     %                 242                   224                   205
trading revenue             -                          618                   621                   612             (1)     %                 289                   292                   255
other - net                 24     %                   221                   178                   123              25     %                  71                    57                    62
provision for loan losses   n/m                          4                     1                  (15)               -                         -                     -                   (1)
net impairment losses on securities               (89)   %                   (1)                   (9)                  (29)           (100)     %                   -                   (1)                   (3)
total net revenues          11     %                 4,647                 4,174                 3,686               8     %               1,360                 1,261                 1,125
expenses excluding interest                    3      %                 2,974                 2,899                 2,693               8     %                 901                   831                   739
income before taxes on income                   31     %                $1,673                $1,275                  $993               7     %                $459                  $430                  $386
unallocated                                                                                                                                                total growth rate                                                                                growth rate year ended december 31,     2013-2014                     2014                  2013                  2012               2013-2014              2014                  2013                  2012
net revenues asset management and administration fees         n/m                         $-                  $(1)                    $-               9     %              $2,533                $2,315                $2,043
net interest revenue        n/m                          -                     -                     -              15     %               2,272                 1,980                 1,764
trading revenue             n/m                          -                     -                     1             (1)     %                 907                   913                   868
other - net                 n/m                         51                     1                    71              45     %                 343                   236                   256
provision for loan losses   n/m                          -                     -                     -             n/m                         4                     1                  (16)
net impairment losses on securities               n/m                          -                     -                     -            (90)     %                 (1)                  (10)                  (32)
total net revenues          n/m                         51                     -                    72              11     %               6,058                 5,435                 4,883
expenses excluding interest                    n/m                         68                     -                     1               6     %               3,943                 3,730                 3,433
income before taxes on income                   n/m                      $(17)                    $-                   $71              24     %              $2,115                $1,705                $1,450
n/m not meaningful.
investor services net revenues increased by $473 million, or 11%, in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to increases in net interest revenue, asset management and administration fees, and other revenue - net. net interest revenue increased primarily due to higher balances of interest-earning assets, including margin loans and the company's investment portfolio, and the effect higher average interest rates on securities held to maturity had on the company's average net interest margin. asset management and administration fees increased due to fees from mutual fund services, advice solutions, and other asset management and administration services. mutual fund service fees increased due to growth in client assets invested in the company's mutual fund onesource funds and equity and bond funds, partially offset by a decrease in net money market mutual fund fees as a result of continued low yields on fund assets. advice solution fees increased due to growth in client assets enrolled in advisory offers. other asset management and administration fees increased primarily due to third-party mutual fund service fees on higher client asset balances invested in other third-party mutual funds. other revenue - net increased primarily due to litigation proceeds related to the company's non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities portfolio and increases in
- 30 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
order flow revenue. expenses excluding interest increased by $75 million, or 3%, in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits and professional services expense, partially offset by a decrease in advertising and market development expense.
net revenues increased by $488 million, or 13%, in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to increases in net interest revenue, asset management and administration fees, and other revenue. net interest revenue increased primarily due to higher balances of interest-earning assets, partially offset by the effect lower average short-term interest rates had on the company's average net interest margin. asset management and administration fees increased primarily due to increases in advice solutions fees and mutual fund service fees. advice solutions fees increased due to growth in client assets enrolled in advisory offers, including windhaven and schwab private client. mutual fund service fees increased due to market appreciation and growth in client assets invested in the company's mutual fund onesource funds, and equity and bond funds, partially offset by a decrease in net money market mutual fund fees as a result of lower yields on fund assets. other revenue - net increased primarily due to an increase in order flow revenue that schwab began receiving in november 2012. expenses excluding interest increased by $206 million, or 8%, in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, professional services, advertising and market development, and other expenses.
advisor services net revenues increased by $99 million, or 8%, in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to an increase in asset management and administration fees, net interest revenue, and other revenue - net. asset management and administration fees increased due to fees from mutual fund services, advice solutions, and other asset management and administration services. mutual fund service fees increased due to growth in client assets invested in the company's mutual fund onesource funds and equity and bond funds, partially offset by a decrease in net money market mutual fund fees as a result of continued low yields on fund assets. advice solutions fees increased due to growth in client assets enrolled in advisory offers. other asset management and administration fees increased primarily due to third-party mutual fund service fees on higher client asset balances invested in other third-party mutual funds. net interest revenue increased primarily due to higher balances of interest-earning assets, including margin loans and the company's investment portfolio, and the effect higher average interest rates on securities held to maturity had on the company's average net interest margin. other revenue - net increased primarily due to increases in order flow revenue. expenses excluding interest increased by $70 million, or 8%, in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits and professional services expense.
net revenues increased by $136 million, or 12%, in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to increases in asset management and administration fees, trading revenue, and net interest revenue. asset management and administration fees increased primarily due to increases in mutual fund service fees and advice solutions fees. mutual fund service fees increased due to market appreciation and growth in client assets invested in the company's mutual fund onesource funds, and equity and bond funds. advice solutions fees increased due to growth in client assets enrolled in advisory offers. trading revenue increased primarily due to higher daily average revenue trades and two additional trading days in 2013. net interest revenue increased primarily due to higher balances of interest-earning assets, partially offset by the effect lower average short-term interest rates had on the company's average net interest margin. expenses excluding interest increased by $92 million, or 12%, in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, professional services, advertising and market development expenses, and other expenses.
unallocated other revenue - net in 2014 includes a net insurance settlement of $45 million.
other revenue - net in 2012 includes a non-recurring gain of $70 million relating to a confidential resolution of a vendor dispute.
expenses excluding interest increased in 2014 from 2013 as a result of a charge of $68 million in the third quarter of 2014 for estimated future severance benefits resulting from changes in the company's geographic footprint.
- 31 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
liquidity and capital resources csc conducts substantially all of its business through its wholly-owned subsidiaries. the company's capital structure is designed to provide each subsidiary with capital and liquidity to meet its operational needs and regulatory requirements.
csc is a savings and loan holding company and schwab bank, csc's depository institution, is a federal savings bank. csc is subject to supervision and regulation by the federal reserve and schwab bank is subject to supervision and regulation by the occ.
liquidity csc csc's liquidity needs arise from funding its subsidiaries' operations, including margin and mortgage lending, and transaction settlement, in addition to funding cash dividends, acquisitions, investments, short- and long-term debt, and managing statutory capital requirements.
csc's liquidity needs are generally met through cash generated by its subsidiaries, as well as cash provided by external financing. csc has a universal automatic shelf registration statement (shelf registration statement) on file with the sec which enables csc to issue debt, equity, and other securities. csc maintains excess liquidity in the form of overnight cash deposits and short-term investments to cover daily funding needs and to support growth in the company's business. generally, csc does not hold liquidity at its subsidiaries in excess of amounts deemed sufficient to support the subsidiaries' operations, including any regulatory capital requirements. schwab, schwab bank, and optionsxpress, inc. are subject to regulatory requirements that may restrict them from certain transactions with csc, as further discussed below. management believes that funds generated by the operations of csc's subsidiaries will continue to be the primary funding source in meeting csc's liquidity needs, providing adequate liquidity to meet schwab bank's capital guidelines, and maintaining schwab and optionsxpress, inc.'s net capital.
on july 25, 2013, csc issued $275 million of senior notes that mature in 2018 under its shelf registration statement. the senior notes have a fixed interest rate of 2.20% with interest payable semi-annually.
csc is required to serve as a source of strength for schwab bank and must have the ability to provide financial assistance if schwab bank experiences financial distress. to manage capital adequacy, the company currently utilizes a target tier 1 leverage ratio for csc, as currently defined by the federal reserve, of at least 6%. at december 31, 2014, csc's tier 1 leverage ratio was 6.9%, tier 1 capital ratio was 18.0%, and total capital ratio was 18.1%. prior to january 1, 2015, csc, as a savings and loan holding company, was not subject to specific statutory capital requirements. beginning on january 1, 2015, csc is subject to new capital requirements set by the federal reserve.
the following are details of csc's long-term debt:
par                                                                   standard december 31, 2014   outstanding                   maturity           interest rate   moody's   &amp; poor's   fitch senior notes             $1,581                2015 - 2022   0.850% to 4.45% fixed   a2        a              a medium-term notes        $250             2017                        6.375% fixed   a2        a              a csc has authorization from its board of directors to issue unsecured commercial paper notes (commercial paper notes) not to exceed $1.5 billion. management has set a current limit for the commercial paper program of $800 million. the maturities of the commercial paper notes may vary, but are not to exceed 270 days from the date of issue. the commercial paper is not redeemable prior to maturity and cannot be voluntarily prepaid. the proceeds of the commercial paper program are to be used for general corporate purposes. there were no borrowings of commercial paper notes outstanding at december 31, 2014. csc's ratings for these short-term borrowings are p1 by moody's, a1 by standard & poor's, and f1 by fitch.
- 32 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
csc maintains an $800 million committed, unsecured credit facility with a group of 12 banks, which is scheduled to expire in june 2015. this facility replaced a similar facility that expired in june 2014 and both facilities were unused during 2014. the funds under this facility are available for general corporate purposes. the financial covenants under this facility require schwab to maintain a minimum net capital ratio, as defined, schwab bank to be well capitalized, as defined, and csc to maintain a minimum level of stockholders' equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income. at december 31, 2014, the minimum level of stockholders' equity required under this facility was $7.8 billion (csc's stockholders' equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, at december 31, 2014, was $11.6 billion). management believes that these restrictions will not have a material effect on csc's ability to meet foreseeable dividend or funding requirements.
csc also has direct access to certain of the uncommitted, unsecured bank credit lines discussed below, that are primarily utilized by schwab to manage short-term liquidity. these lines were not used by csc during 2014.
in addition, schwab provided csc with a $1.0 billion credit facility, which was scheduled to expire in december 2014. schwab terminated this credit facility in july 2014.
schwab schwab's liquidity needs relating to client trading and margin borrowing activities are met primarily through cash balances in brokerage client accounts, which were $32.0 billion and $33.2 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. management believes that brokerage client cash balances and operating earnings will continue to be the primary sources of liquidity for schwab.
schwab is subject to regulatory requirements of rule 15c3-1 under the securities exchange act of 1934 (the uniform net capital rule) that are intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers. these regulations prohibit schwab from repaying subordinated borrowings from csc, paying cash dividends, or making unsecured advances or loans to its parent company or employees if such payment would result in a net capital amount of less than 5% of aggregate debit balances or less than 120% of its minimum dollar requirement of $250,000. at december 31, 2014, schwab's net capital was $1.6 billion (10% of aggregate debit balances), which was $1.2 billion in excess of its minimum required net capital and $739 million in excess of 5% of aggregate debit balances.
schwab is also subject to rule 15c3-3 under the securities exchange act of 1934 and other applicable regulations that require it to maintain cash or qualified securities in a segregated reserve account for the exclusive benefit of clients. these funds are included in cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes in the company's consolidated balance sheets and are not available as a general source of liquidity.
most of schwab's assets are readily convertible to cash, consisting primarily of short-term investment-grade, interest-earning investments (the majority of which are segregated for the exclusive benefit of clients pursuant to regulatory requirements), receivables from brokerage clients, and receivables from brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations. client margin loans are demand loan obligations secured by readily marketable securities. receivables from and payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations primarily represent current open transactions, which usually settle, or can be closed out, within a few business days.
schwab has a finance lease obligation related to an office building and land under a 20-year lease. the remaining finance lease obligation of $83 million at december 31, 2014, is being reduced by a portion of the lease payments over the remaining lease term of ten years.
to manage short-term liquidity, schwab maintains uncommitted, unsecured bank credit lines with a group of banks. the need for short-term borrowings arises primarily from timing differences between cash flow requirements, scheduled liquidation of interest-earnings investments, and movements of cash to meet regulatory brokerage client cash segregation requirements. schwab used such borrowings for three days in 2014, with average daily amounts borrowed of $25 million. there were no borrowings outstanding under these lines at december 31, 2014.
- 33 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
to partially satisfy the margin requirement of client option transactions with the options clearing corporation, schwab has unsecured standby letter of credit agreements (locs) with five banks in favor of the options clearing corporation aggregating $225 million at december 31, 2014. there were no funds drawn under any of these locs during 2014. in connection with its securities lending activities, schwab is required to provide collateral to certain brokerage clients. schwab satisfies the collateral requirements by providing cash as collateral.
to manage schwab's regulatory capital requirement, csc provides schwab with a $1.4 billion subordinated revolving credit facility, which is scheduled to expire in march 2016. the amount outstanding under this facility at december 31, 2014, was $315 million. borrowings under this subordinated lending arrangement qualify as regulatory capital for schwab.
in addition, csc provides schwab with a $2.5 billion credit facility. in december 2014, csc and schwab agreed to extend the expiration date of this facility from december 2014 to december 2017. borrowings under this facility do not qualify as regulatory capital for schwab. there were no funds drawn under this facility at december 31, 2014.
schwab bank schwab bank's liquidity needs are met through deposits from banking clients and equity capital.
deposits from banking clients at december 31, 2014 were $102.8 billion, which includes the excess cash held in certain schwab and optionsxpress, inc. brokerage accounts that is swept into deposit accounts at schwab bank. at december 31, 2014, these balances totaled $82.1 billion.
schwab bank is subject to regulatory requirements that restrict and govern the terms of affiliate transactions, such as extensions of credit and repayment of loans between schwab bank and csc or csc's other subsidiaries. in addition, schwab bank is required to provide notice to and may be required to obtain approval of the occ and the federal reserve to declare dividends to csc.
schwab bank is required to maintain capital levels as specified in federal banking laws and regulations. failure to meet the minimum levels could result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by the regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on schwab bank. the company currently utilizes a target tier 1 leverage ratio for schwab bank of at least 6.25%. beginning on january 1, 2015, schwab bank is subject to new capital requirements set by the occ. based on its regulatory capital ratios at december 31, 2014, schwab bank is considered well capitalized. schwab bank's regulatory capital and ratios are as follows:
minimum to be                             minimum capital actual   well capitalized                              requirement december 31, 2014              amount          ratio   amount            ratio          amount             ratio tier 1 risk-based capital      $7,700      22.1    %   $2,095            6.0   %        $1,397         4.0     %
total risk-based capital       $7,744      22.2    %   $3,492           10.0   %        $2,793         8.0     %
tier 1 leverage                $7,700       6.9    %   $5,548            5.0   %        $4,438         4.0     %
tangible equity                $7,700       6.9    %         n/a                        $2,219         2.0     %
n/a not applicable.
schwab bank has access to traditional funding sources such as deposits, federal funds purchased, and repurchase agreements. additionally, schwab bank has access to short-term funding through the federal reserve bank (frb) discount window. amounts available under the frb discount window are dependent on the fair value of certain of schwab bank's securities available for sale and/or securities held to maturity that are pledged as collateral to the frb. schwab bank maintains policies and procedures necessary to access this funding and tests discount window borrowing procedures annually. at december 31, 2014, $2.3 billion was available under this arrangement. there were no funds drawn under this arrangement during 2014.
schwab bank maintains a credit facility with the federal home loan bank system. amounts available under this facility are dependent on the amount of schwab bank's residential real estate mortgages and helocs that are pledged as collateral.
- 34 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
schwab bank maintains policies and procedures necessary to access this funding and tests borrowing procedures annually. at december 31, 2014, $9.0 billion was available under this facility. there were no funds drawn under this facility during 2014.
optionsxpress, inc.
optionsxpress, inc.'s liquidity needs relating to client trading and margin borrowing activities are met primarily through cash balances in brokerage client accounts, which were $942 million at december 31, 2014. management believes that brokerage client cash balances and operating earnings will continue to be the primary sources of liquidity for optionsxpress, inc.
optionsxpress, inc., is subject to regulatory requirements of the uniform net capital rule that are intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers. these regulations prohibit optionsxpress, inc. from paying cash dividends or making unsecured advances or loans to its parent company or employees if such payment would result in a net capital amount of less than 5% of aggregate debit balances or less than 120% of its minimum dollar requirement of $250,000. at december 31, 2014, optionsxpress inc.'s net capital was $123 million (38% of aggregate debit balances), which was $117 million in excess of its minimum required net capital and $107 million in excess of 5% of aggregate debit balances.
optionsxpress, inc. is also subject to commodity futures trading commission regulation 1.17 (reg. 1.17) under the commodity exchange act, which also requires the maintenance of minimum net capital. optionsxpress, inc. as a futures commission merchant, is required to maintain minimum net capital equal to the greater of its net capital requirement under reg. 1.17 ($1 million), or the sum of 8% of the total risk margin requirements for all positions carried in customer accounts and 8% of the total risk margin requirements for all positions carried in non-customer accounts (as defined in reg. 1.17). at december 31, 2014, optionsxpress, inc. met the requirements of reg. 1.17.        additionally, optionsxpress, inc. is subject to rule 15c3-3 under the securities exchange act of 1934 and other applicable regulations that require it to maintain cash or qualified securities in a segregated reserve account for the exclusive benefit of clients. these funds are included in cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes in the company's consolidated balance sheets and are not available as a general source of liquidity.
to partially satisfy the margin requirement of client option transactions with the options clearing corporation, optionsxpress, inc. has an unsecured standby loc with one bank in favor of the options clearing corporation in the amount of $15 million at december 31, 2014. there were no funds drawn under this loc during 2014.
csc provides optionsxpress, inc. with a $200 million credit facility. in december 2014, csc and optionsxpress, inc. agreed to extend the expiration date of this facility from december 2014 to december 2016. borrowings under this facility do not qualify as regulatory capital for optionsxpress, inc. there were no borrowings outstanding under this facility at december 31, 2014.
optionsxpress has a term loan with csc, of which $12 million was outstanding at december 31, 2014, and it matures in december 2017.
capital resources the company's cash position (reported as cash and cash equivalents on its consolidated balance sheets) and cash flows are affected by changes in brokerage client cash balances and the associated amounts required to be segregated under regulatory guidelines. timing differences between cash and investments actually segregated on a given date and the amount required to be segregated for that date may arise in the ordinary course of business, and are addressed by the company in accordance with applicable regulations. other factors which affect the company's cash position and cash flows include investment activity in security portfolios, levels of capital expenditures, acquisition and divestiture activity, banking client deposit activity, brokerage and banking client loan activity, financing activity in long-term debt, payments of dividends, and repurchases and issuances of csc's preferred and common stock. the combination of these factors can cause significant fluctuations in the cash position during specific time periods.
- 35 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
the company monitors both the relative composition and absolute level of its capital structure. management is focused on optimizing the company's use of capital and currently targets a long-term debt to total financial capital ratio not to exceed 30%. the company's total financial capital (long-term debt plus stockholders' equity) at december 31, 2014 was $13.7 billion, up $1.4 billion, or 12%, from december 31, 2013.     long-term debt at december 31, 2014, the company had long-term debt of $1.9 billion, or 14% of total financial capital, that bears interest at a weighted-average rate of 3.60%. at december 31, 2013, the company had long-term debt of $1.9 billion, or 15% of total financial capital. on july 25, 2013, csc issued $275 million of senior notes that mature in 2018 under its shelf registration statement. the senior notes have a fixed interest rate of 2.20% with interest payable semi-annually. the company repaid $6 million of other long-term debt in 2014. for further discussion of the company's long-term debt, see "liquidity and capital resources - liquidity" and "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 13. borrowings."     capital expenditures the company's capital expenditures were $405 million (7% of net revenues) and $270 million (5% of net revenues) in 2014 and 2013, respectively. capital expenditures in 2014 were primarily for buildings and land relating to changes in the company's geographic footprint, developing internal-use software, and software and equipment relating to the company's information technology systems. capital expenditures in 2013 were primarily for buildings and land, capitalized costs for developing internal-use software, and software and equipment relating to the company's information technology systems. capitalized costs for developing internal-use software were $81 million and $74 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
management currently anticipates that 2015 capital expenditures will be approximately 15% lower than 2014 primarily due to decreased spending on buildings and furniture and equipment. a majority of this decrease is due to the construction of the company's new office campus in denver, colorado in 2014. as in recent years, the company adjusts its capital expenditures periodically as business conditions change. management believes that funds generated by its operations will continue to be the primary funding source of its capital expenditures.        dividends csc paid common stock cash dividends of $316 million ($0.24 per share) and $311 million ($0.24 per share) in 2014 and 2013, respectively. since the initial dividend in 1989, csc has paid 103 consecutive quarterly dividends and has increased the quarterly dividend rate 19 times, resulting in a 21% compounded annual growth rate, excluding the special cash dividend of $1.00 per common share in 2007. while the payment and amount of dividends are at the discretion of the board of directors, subject to certain regulatory and other restrictions, the company currently targets its common stock cash dividend at approximately 20% to 30% of net income.
csc paid series a preferred stock cash dividends of $28 million ($70.00 per share) in 2014 and 2013, respectively. csc paid series b preferred stock cash dividends of $29 million ($60.00 per share) in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
share repurchases there were no repurchases of csc's common stock in 2014 or 2013. as of december 31, 2014, csc had remaining authority from the board of directors to repurchase up to $596 million of its common stock, which is not subject to expiration.
business acquisition        on december 14, 2012, the company acquired thomaspartners, inc., a growth and dividend income-focused asset management firm, for $85 million in cash.
- 36 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
for more information on this acquisition, see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 24. business acquisition."
off-balance sheet arrangements the company enters into various off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, primarily to meet the needs of its clients. these arrangements include firm commitments to extend credit. additionally, the company enters into guarantees and other similar arrangements as part of transactions in the ordinary course of business. for information on each of these arrangements, see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 14. commitments and contingencies and 15. financial instruments subject to off-balance sheet credit risk or concentration risk."     contractual obligations the company's principal contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014, are shown in the following table. management believes that funds generated by its continuing operations, as well as cash provided by external financing, will continue to be the primary funding sources in meeting these obligations. excluded from this table are liabilities recorded on the consolidated balance sheet that are generally short-term in nature (e.g., payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations) or without contractual payment terms (e.g., deposits from banking clients, payables to brokerage clients, and deferred compensation).
less than         1-3         3-5      more than
1 year       years       years        5 years         total credit-related financial instruments (1)          $868        $915      $3,119         $2,063        $6,965
long-term debt (2)                                 414         373         360          1,013         2,160
leases (3)                                          95         162         107            162           526
purchase obligations (4)                           165         210          37            230           642
total                                           $1,542      $1,660      $3,623         $3,468       $10,293
(1)                                                                               represents schwab bank's commitments to extend credit to banking clients and purchase mortgage loans.
(2)   includes estimated future interest payments through 2017 for medium-term notes and through 2022 for senior notes. amounts exclude maturities under a finance lease obligation and unamortized discounts and premiums.
(3)   represents minimum rental commitments, net of sublease commitments, and includes facilities under the company's past restructuring initiatives and rental commitments under a finance lease obligation.
(4)   consists of purchase obligations for services such as advertising and marketing, telecommunications, professional services, and hardware- and software-related agreements. includes purchase obligations that can be canceled by the company without penalty.
risk management the company's business activities expose it to a variety of risks, including operational, credit, market, liquidity, compliance and legal risk. the company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. despite the company's efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that the company will not suffer unexpected losses due to these risks.
the company's risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting and risk mitigation. the activities and organizations that comprise the risk management process are described below.
risk culture the company's board of directors sets the tone for effective risk management and has approved an enterprise risk management (erm) framework commensurate with the size, risk profile, complexity, and continuing growth of the
- 37 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
company. the erm framework and governance structure constitute a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered by the company in its business activities. risk appetite, which is defined as the amount of risk the company is willing to accept in pursuit of its corporate strategy, is set by executive management and approved by the board of directors.
the company has established risk metrics and reporting that enable the measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. the risk metrics, with risk limits and tolerance levels, are established for key risk categories by the global risk committee and its functional risk sub-committees.
risk governance senior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures under which specific business and control units are responsible for identifying, measuring and controlling risks.
the global risk committee, which is comprised of senior executives from each major business and control function, is responsible for the oversight of risk management. this includes identifying emerging risks, assessing risk management practices and the control environment, reinforcing business accountability for risk management, supervisory controls and regulatory compliance, supporting resource prioritization across the company, and escalating significant issues to the board of directors.
the global risk committee reports regularly to the risk committee of the board of directors. the risk committee assists the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the company's risk management program, including approving risk appetite statements and reviewing reports relating to risk issues from functional areas of risk management, legal, compliance, and internal audit.        functional risk sub-committees focusing on specific areas of risk report into the global risk committee. these sub-committees include the:
·   asset-liability management and pricing committee, which establishes strategies and policies for the management of corporate capital, liquidity, interest rate risk, and investments;
·   credit and market risk oversight committee, which provides oversight of and approves credit and market risk policies, limits, and exposures in loan, investment, and positioning portfolios;
·   new products and services risk oversight committee, which provides oversight of, and approves corporate policy and procedures relating to the risk governance of new products and services; and the
·   operational risk oversight committee, which provides oversight of and approves operational risk management policies, risk tolerance levels, and operational risk governance processes, and includes the following sub-committees:
o   client fiduciary risk sub-committee, which provides oversight of fiduciary risk throughout the company;
o   information security and privacy sub-committee, which provides oversight of the information security and privacy programs and policies;
o   model governance sub-committee, which provides oversight of model risk throughout the company; and the o   vendor management sub-committee, which provides oversight of the company's vendor management and outsourcing program and policies.
senior management has also created an incentive compensation risk oversight committee, which establishes policy and provides oversight of incentive compensation risk. the committee reviews and approves the annual risk assessment of incentive compensation plans, and reports directly to the board compensation committee.
the company's compliance, finance, internal audit, legal, and corporate risk management departments assist management and the various risk committees in evaluating, testing, and monitoring the company's risk management.
in addition, the company's disclosure committee is responsible for monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of the company's (a) disclosure controls and procedures and (b) internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal
- 38 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
quarter. the disclosure committee reports on this evaluation to the ceo and cfo prior to their certification required by sections 302 and 906 of the sarbanes oxley act of 2002.     operational risk operational risks arise due to potentially inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems or from external events and relationships impacting the company and/or any of its key business partners and vendors. operational risk includes model and fiduciary risk, and each is also described in detail below.
the company's operations are highly dependent on the integrity of its technology systems and the company's success depends, in part, on its ability to make timely enhancements and additions to its technology in anticipation of evolving client needs. to the extent the company experiences system interruptions, errors or downtime (which could result from a variety of causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to its systems, linkages with third-party systems, and power failures), the company's business and operations could be significantly negatively impacted. to minimize business interruptions, schwab has two data centers intended, in part, to further improve the recovery of business processing in the event of an emergency. the company is committed to an ongoing process of upgrading, enhancing, and testing its technology systems. this effort is focused on meeting client needs, meeting market and regulatory changes, and deploying standardized technology platforms.
operational risk also includes the risk of human error, employee misconduct, external fraud, computer viruses, cyber attacks, terrorist attacks, and natural disaster. employee misconduct could include fraud and misappropriation of client or company assets, improper use or disclosure of confidential client or company information, and unauthorized activities, such as transactions exceeding acceptable risks or authorized limits. external fraud includes misappropriation of client or company assets by third parties, including through unauthorized access to company systems and data and client accounts. the frequency and sophistication of such fraud attempts continue to increase.
operational risk is mitigated through a system of internal controls and risk management practices that are designed to keep operational risk and operational losses at levels appropriate to the inherent risk of the business in which the company operates. the company has specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and uses periodic risk self-assessments and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. the company maintains backup and recovery functions, including facilities for backup and communications, and conducts periodic testing of disaster recovery plans. the company also maintains policies and procedures and technology to protect against fraud and unauthorized access to systems and data.
despite the company's risk management efforts, it is not always possible to deter or prevent technological or operational failure, or fraud or other misconduct, and the precautions taken by the company may not be effective in all cases. the company may be subject to litigation, losses, and regulatory actions in such cases, and may be required to expend significant additional resources to remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures.
the company also faces operational risk when it employs the services of various external vendors, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. the company manages its exposure to external vendor risk through contractual provisions, control standards, and ongoing monitoring of vendor performance. the company maintains policies and procedures regarding the standard of care expected with company data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-public client information. the company clearly defines for employees, contractors, and vendors the company's expected standards of care for confidential data. regular training is provided by the company in regard to data security.
the company is actively engaged in the research and development of new technologies, services, and products. the company endeavors to protect its research and development efforts, and its brands, through the use of copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and contracts.
- 39 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
model risk model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. models are owned by several business units throughout the company, and are used for a variety of purposes. model use includes, but is not limited to, calculating capital requirements for hypothetical stressful environments, estimating interest and credit risk for loans and other balance sheet assets, and providing guidance in the management of client portfolios. the company has established a policy to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use. all models at the company are registered in a centralized database and classified into different risk ratings depending on their potential financial, reputational, or regulatory impact to the company. the model risk rating informs the scope of all model governance activities.        fiduciary risk fiduciary risk is the potential for financial or reputational loss through breach of fiduciary duties to a client. fiduciary activities include, but are not limited to, individual and institutional trust, investment management, custody, and cash and securities processing. the company attempts to manage this risk by establishing procedures to ensure that obligations to clients are discharged faithfully and in compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. business units have the primary responsibility for adherence to the procedures applicable to their business. guidance and control are provided through the creation, approval, and ongoing review of applicable policies by business units and various risk committees.
credit risk credit risk is the potential for loss due to a borrower, counterparty, or issuer failing to perform its contractual obligations. the company's direct exposure to credit risk mainly results from margin lending and client option and futures activities, securities lending activities, mortgage lending activities, its role as a counterparty in financial contracts and other investing activities. to manage the risks of such losses, the company has established policies and procedures which include: establishing and reviewing credit limits, monitoring of credit limits and quality of counterparties, and adjusting margin, option, and futures requirements for certain securities. collateral arrangements relating to margin loans, option positions, securities lending agreements, and resale agreements include provisions that require additional collateral in the event that market fluctuations result in declines in the value of collateral received. additionally, for margin loan and securities lending agreements, collateral arrangements require that the fair value of such collateral exceeds the amounts loaned.
the company's credit risk exposure related to loans to banking clients is actively managed through individual and portfolio reviews performed by management. management regularly reviews asset quality, including concentrations, delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, charge-offs, and recoveries. all are factors in the determination of an appropriate allowance for loan losses. the company's mortgage loan portfolios primarily include first mortgages of $8.1 billion and helocs of $3.0 billion at december 31, 2014.
the company's underwriting guidelines include maximum loan-to-value (ltv) ratios, cash out limits, and minimum fair isaac corporation (fico) credit scores. the specific guidelines are dependent on the individual characteristics of a loan (for example, whether the property is a primary or secondary residence, whether the loan is for investment property, whether the loan is for an initial purchase of a home or refinance of an existing home, and whether the loan is conforming or jumbo). these credit underwriting standards have limited the exposure to the types of loans that experienced high foreclosures and loss rates elsewhere in the industry in recent years. in january 2014, the company revised its first mortgage underwriting criteria in conformance with the cfpb's new guidance on qualified mortgage lending and a borrower's ability to repay. revisions were made to requirements affecting debt to income ratio, loan to value ratio, and liquid asset holdings. these revised underwriting criteria are not expected to have a material impact on the credit quality of the company's first mortgage or heloc portfolios. the company does not purchase loans that allow for negative amortization and does not purchase subprime loans (generally defined as extensions of credit to borrowers with a fico score of less than 620 at origination), unless the borrower has compensating credit factors. at december 31, 2014, approximately 1% of both the first mortgage and heloc portfolios consisted of loans to borrowers with updated fico scores of less than 620.
- 40 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
at december 31, 2014, the weighted-average originated ltv ratio was 59% for both the first mortgage and heloc portfolios. the computation of the origination ltv ratio for a heloc includes any first lien mortgage outstanding on the same property at the time of origination. at december 31, 2014, 21% of helocs ($635 million of the heloc portfolio) were in a first lien position. the weighted-average originated fico score was 770 and 769 for the first mortgage and heloc portfolios, respectively.
the company monitors the estimated current ltv ratios of its first mortgage and heloc portfolios on an ongoing basis. at december 31, 2014, the weighted-average estimated current ltv ratios were 50% and 55% for the first mortgage and heloc portfolios, respectively. the computation of the estimated current ltv ratio for a heloc includes any first lien mortgage outstanding on the same property at the time of the heloc's origination. the company estimates the current ltv ratio for each loan by reference to a home price appreciation index. the company also monitors updated borrower fico scores, delinquency trends, and verified liquid assets held by individual borrowers. at december 31, 2014, the weighted-average updated fico scores were 773 and 769 for the first mortgage and heloc portfolios, respectively.
a portion of the company's heloc portfolio is secured by second liens on the associated properties. second lien mortgage loans possess a higher degree of credit risk given the subordination to the first lien holder in the event of default. at december 31, 2014, $2.3 billion, or 79%, of the heloc portfolio was in a second lien position. in addition to the credit monitoring activities described above, the company also monitors credit risk on second lien heloc loans by reviewing the delinquency status of the first lien loan on the associated property. additionally, at december 31, 2014, approximately 30% of the heloc borrowers that had a balance only paid the minimum amount due.
for more information on the company's credit quality indicators relating to its first mortgage and heloc portfolios, including delinquency characteristics, borrower fico scores at origination, updated borrower fico scores, ltv ratios at origination, and estimated current ltv ratios, see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 6. loans to banking clients and related allowance for loan losses."
the following table presents certain of the company's loan quality metrics as a percentage of total outstanding loans:
december 31,                   2014          2013
loan delinquencies (1)         0.27   %      0.48   %
nonaccrual loans               0.26   %      0.39   %
allowance for loan losses      0.31   %      0.39   %
(1)   loan delinquencies include loans that are 30 days or more past due and other nonaccrual loans.
the company has exposure to credit risk associated with its securities available for sale and securities held to maturity portfolios, whose fair values totaled $54.8 billion and $34.7 billion at december 31, 2014, respectively. these portfolios include u.s. agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, u.s. agency notes, certificates of deposit, and treasury securities. u.s. agency mortgage-backed securities do not have explicit credit ratings; however, management considers these to be of the highest credit quality and rating given the guarantee of principal and interest by the u.s. government-sponsored enterprises.
at december 31, 2014, with the exception of certain non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities, all securities in the available for sale and held to maturity portfolios were rated investment grade (defined as a rating equivalent to a moody's rating of "baa" or higher, or a standard & poor's rating of "bbb-" or higher). in the fourth quarter of 2014, the company sold $504 million of its non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities, resulting in a net realized loss of $8 million. the company marked the remaining $15 million of these securities to market and recorded a $0.6 million other-than-temporary impairment charge in the fourth quarter. the decision was made to sell the securities in the fourth quarter as market valuations on these non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities became more consistent with actual performance. in addition, the company has reached an initial settlement in legal claims it is pursuing to recover losses relating to certain of these securities.
- 41 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
schwab performs clearing services for all securities transactions in its client accounts. schwab has exposure to credit risk due to its obligation to settle transactions with clearing corporations, mutual funds, and other financial institutions even if schwab's client or a counterparty fails to meet its obligations to schwab.        concentration risk the company has exposure to concentration risk when holding large positions in financial instruments collateralized by assets with similar economic characteristics or in securities of a single issuer or within a particular industry.
the fair value of the company's investments in mortgage-backed securities totaled $53.8 billion at december 31, 2014. of these, $52.5 billion were issued by u.s. agencies and $1.3 billion were issued by private entities (non-agency securities). these u.s. agency and non-agency securities are included in securities available for sale and securities held to maturity.
the fair value of the company's investments in asset-backed securities totaled $19.4 billion at december 31, 2014. of these, $11.7 billion were securities backed by student loans, the majority of which are guaranteed by the u.s. federal government. these asset-backed securities are included in securities available for sale.
the fair value of the company's investments in corporate debt securities and commercial paper totaled $8.1 billion at december 31, 2014, with the majority issued by institutions in the financial services industry. these securities are included in securities available for sale, cash and cash equivalents, and other securities owned in the company's consolidated balance sheets. issuer, geographic, and sector concentrations are controlled by established credit policy limits to each concentration type.
the company's loans to banking clients include $7.4 billion of adjustable rate first mortgage loans at december 31, 2014. the company's adjustable rate mortgages have initial fixed interest rates for three to ten years and interest rates that adjust annually thereafter. approximately 40% of these mortgages consisted of loans with interest-only payment terms. the interest rates on approximately 65% of these interest-only loans are not scheduled to reset for three or more years. the company's mortgage loans do not include interest terms described as temporary introductory rates below current market rates.
the company's heloc product has a 30-year loan term with an initial draw period of ten years from the date of origination. after the initial draw period, the balance outstanding at such time is converted to a 20-year amortizing loan. the interest rate during the initial draw period and the 20-year amortizing period is a floating rate based on the prime rate plus a margin. helocs that convert to an amortizing loan may experience higher delinquencies and higher loss rates than those in the initial draw period. the company's allowance for loan loss methodology takes this increased inherent risk into consideration. the following table presents when current outstanding helocs will convert to amortizing loans:
december 31, 2014                                     balance converted to amortizing loan by period end          $307
within 1 year                                        274
&gt; 1 year - 3 years                                356
&gt; 3 years - 5 years                             1,139
&gt; 5 years                                         879
total                                             $2,955
the company also has exposure to concentration risk from its margin and securities lending and client option and futures activities collateralized by or referencing securities of a single issuer, an index, or within a single industry. this concentration risk is mitigated by collateral arrangements that require the fair value of such collateral exceeds the amounts loaned.
the company has indirect exposure to u.s. government and agency securities held as collateral to secure its resale agreements. the company's primary credit exposure on these resale transactions is with its counterparty. the company would have exposure to the u.s. government and agency securities only in the event of the counterparty's default on the resale agreements. the fair value of u.s. government and agency securities held as collateral for resale agreements totaled $10.4 billion at december 31, 2014.
- 42 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
european holdings the company has exposure to non-sovereign financial and non-financial institutions in europe. the following table shows the balances of this exposure by each country in europe in which the issuer or counterparty is domiciled. the company has no direct exposure to sovereign governments in europe. the company does not have unfunded commitments to counterparties in europe, nor does it have exposure as a result of credit default protection purchased or sold separately as of december 31, 2014.
the determination of the domicile of exposure varies by the type of investment. for time deposits and certificates of deposit, the exposure is grouped in the country in which the financial institution is chartered under the regulatory framework of the european country. for asset-backed commercial paper, the exposure is grouped by the country of the sponsoring bank that provides the credit and liquidity support for such instruments. for corporate debt securities, the exposure is grouped by the country in which the issuer is domiciled. in situations in which the company invests in a corporate debt security of a u.s. subsidiary of a european parent company, such holdings will be attributable to the european country only if significant reliance is placed on the european parent company for credit support underlying the security. for substantially all of the holdings listed below, the issuers or counterparties were financial institutions. all of the company's resale agreements, which are included in investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes, are collateralized by u.s. government securities. additionally, the company's securities lending activities are collateralized by cash. therefore, the company's resale agreements and securities lending activities are not included in the table below even if the counterparty is a european institution.
fair value as of december 31, 2014
united france       netherlands         norway         sweden       switzerland        kingdom         total cash equivalents                   $200               $-              $-             $-               $-              $-               $200
securities available for sale        86               35              75            521              509             500              1,726
total fair value                   $286              $35             $75           $521             $509            $500             $1,926
total amortized cost               $285              $35             $75           $520             $509            $500             $1,924
maturities:
overnight                          $200               $-              $-             $-               $-              $-               $200
1 day - &lt; 6 months                 -                -               -              -              184               -                184
6 months - &lt; 1 year                -                -               -              -              275             150                425
1 year - 2 years                      -                -               -            371               50             200                621
&gt; 2 years                         86               35              75            150                -             150                496
total fair value                   $286              $35             $75           $521             $509            $500             $1,926
in addition to the direct holdings of european companies listed above, the company also has indirect exposure to europe through its investments in schwab sponsored money market funds (collectively, the funds) resulting from clearing activities. at december 31, 2014, the company had $224 million in investments in these funds. certain of the funds' positions include certificates of deposits, time deposits, commercial paper and corporate debt securities issued by counterparties in europe.
management mitigates exposure to european holdings by employing a separate team of credit analysts that evaluate each issuer, counterparty, and country. management monitors its exposure to european issuers by 1) performing risk assessments of the foreign countries, which include evaluating the size of the country and economy, currency trends, political landscape and the countries' regulatory environment and developments; 2) performing ad hoc stress tests that evaluate the impact of sovereign governments' debt write-downs on financial issuers and counterparties the company has exposure to through its investments; 3) reviewing publicly available stress tests that are published by various regulators in the european market; 4) establishing credit and maturity limits by issuer; and 5) establishing and monitoring aggregate credit limits by geography and sector.
market risk market risk is the potential for changes in earnings or the value of financial instruments held by the company as a result of fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices or market conditions. included in market risk is interest rate risk, which is the risk
- 43 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
to earnings or capital arising from movement of interest rates. for discussion of the company's market risk, see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."     liquidity risk liquidity risk arises from the inability to meet obligations when they come due without incurring unacceptable losses. it is the risk that valuations will be negatively affected by changes in demand and the underlying market for a financial instrument. limits and contingency funding scenarios have been established for the company to support liquidity levels and quality during both expected and stressed scenarios. the company seeks to maintain client confidence in its balance sheet and the safety of client assets by maintaining liquidity and diversity of funding sources to allow the firm to meet its obligations under both expected and stressed scenarios. see "liquidity and capital resources" for additional detail on the company's liquidity requirements.     compliance risk the company faces significant compliance risk in its business, that is, the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, fines or penalties, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from the failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, or other regulatory requirements. among other things, compliance risks relate to the suitability of client investments, conflicts of interest, disclosure obligations and performance expectations for company products and services, supervision of employees, and the adequacy of the company's controls. the company and its affiliates are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and foreign regulatory authorities, including sros. such regulation is becoming increasingly extensive and complex, and regulatory proceedings and sanctions against financial services firms continue to increase.
the company attempts to manage compliance risk through policies, procedures and controls reasonably designed to achieve and/or monitor compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. these procedures address issues such as business conduct and ethics, sales and trading practices, marketing and communications, extension of credit, client funds and securities, books and records, anti-money laundering, client privacy, and employment policies. despite the company's efforts to maintain an effective compliance program and internal controls, legal breaches and rule violations could result in reputational harm, significant losses and disciplinary sanctions, including limitations on the company's business activities.
legal risk legal risk is a consequence of operational failure - the risk of a claim for damages brought by clients, employees or other third parties, alleging error that amounts to a breach of legal requirements or other duties under law. the financial services industry is subject to substantial litigation risk, and the firm incurs legal claims in the ordinary course of business. increased litigation costs or substantial legal liability relating to an extraordinary claim or incidence of claims could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and financial condition. for information about the company's legal risk, see "item 1a - risk factors," and "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 14. commitments and contingencies."     capital planning the capital plan considers significant risks to meeting the company's capital goals over time and through evolving economic, financial, and business environments. internal guidelines are set, for both the company and regulated subsidiaries, to ensure continued regulatory compliance as well as to meet expectations of investors and rating agencies.
the capital plan also considers the potential effects of a sudden and sustained systemic economic downturn, idiosyncratic events which are uniquely impactful to the company, and sensitivity analyses applied to significant assumptions that are either quantitative or qualitative in nature. the comprehensive capital contingency plan was developed by the company to address the action plans for certain capital events with low probability, but high severity, that the company might face. the capital contingency plan is issued under the authority of the asset-liability management and pricing committee and provides guidelines for sustained capital events. it does not specifically address every contingency, but is designed to provide a framework for responding to any capital stress.
- 44 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
capital forecasts are reviewed monthly at capital planning and asset-liability management and pricing committee meetings and semi-annually at the company's board of directors meetings. exceptions to internal guidelines are also reviewed at quarterly global risk committee meetings.         fair value of financial instruments the company uses the market and income approaches to determine the fair value of certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, and to determine fair value disclosures. see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - 2. summary of significant accounting policies and 16. fair values of assets and liabilities" for more information on the company's assets and liabilities recorded at fair value.
when available, the company uses quoted prices in active markets to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities. when utilizing market data with a bid-ask spread, the company uses the price within the bid-ask spread that best represents fair value. when quoted prices do not exist, the company uses prices obtained from independent third-party pricing services to measure the fair value of investment assets. the company generally obtains prices from at least three independent pricing sources for assets recorded at fair value and may obtain up to five prices on assets with higher risk of limited observable information, such as non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities. the company's primary independent pricing service provides prices based on observable trades and discounted cash flows that incorporate observable information such as yields for similar types of securities (a benchmark interest rate plus observable spreads) and weighted-average maturity for the same or similar "to-be-issued" securities. the company compares the prices obtained from its primary independent pricing service to the prices obtained from the additional independent pricing services to determine if the price obtained from the primary independent pricing service is reasonable. the company does not adjust the prices received from independent third-party pricing services unless such prices are inconsistent with the definition of fair value and result in a material difference in the recorded amounts. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the company did not adjust prices received from the primary independent third-party pricing service.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements of the company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. while the majority of the company's revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are not based on estimates, there are certain accounting principles that require management to make estimates regarding matters that are uncertain and susceptible to change where such change may result in a material adverse impact on the company's financial position and reported financial results. these critical accounting estimates are described below. management regularly reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the company's financial statements for reasonableness and adequacy.
other-than-temporary impairment of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity management evaluates whether securities available for sale and securities held to maturity are other-than-temporarily impaired (otti) on a quarterly basis. debt securities with unrealized losses are considered otti if the company intends to sell the security or if it is more likely than not that the company will be required to sell such security before any anticipated recovery. if management determines that a security is otti under these circumstances, the impairment recognized in earnings is measured as the entire difference between the amortized cost and the then-current fair value.
a security is also otti if management does not expect to recover the amortized cost of the security. in this circumstance, the impairment recognized in earnings represents estimated credit loss, and is measured by the difference between the present value of expected cash flows and the amortized cost of the security. management utilizes cash flow models to estimate the expected future cash flow from the securities and to estimate the credit loss. expected cash flows are discounted using the security's effective interest rate.
- 45 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
the evaluation of whether the company expects to recover the amortized cost of a security is inherently judgmental. the evaluation includes the assessment of several bond performance indicators including: the portion of the underlying loans that are delinquent (30 days, 60 days, 90+ days), in bankruptcy, in foreclosure or converted to real estate owned; the actual amount of loss incurred on the underlying loans in which the property has been foreclosed and sold; the amount of credit support provided by the structure of the security available to absorb credit losses on the underlying loans; the current price and magnitude of the unrealized loss; and whether the company has received all scheduled principal and interest payments. management uses cash flow models to further assess the likelihood of other-than-temporary impairment for the company's non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities. to develop the cash flow models, the company uses forecasted loss severity, prepayment speeds (i.e. the rate at which the principal on underlying loans are paid down), and default rates over the securities' expected remaining maturities.      valuation of goodwill the company tests goodwill for impairment at least annually, or whenever indications of impairment exist. impairment exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, resulting in an impairment charge for this excess. adverse changes in the company's planned business operations such as unanticipated competition, a loss of key personnel, the sale of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit, or other unforeseen developments could result in an impairment of the company's recorded goodwill.
the company's annual goodwill impairment testing date is april 1st. in testing for a potential impairment of goodwill on april 1, 2014, management performed an assessment of each of the company's reporting units (generally defined as the company's businesses for which financial information is available and reviewed regularly by management) and concluded that goodwill was not impaired.
allowance for loan losses the appropriateness of the allowance is reviewed quarterly by management, taking into consideration current economic conditions, the existing loan portfolio composition, past loss experience, and risks inherent in the portfolio.
the methodology to establish an allowance for loan losses related to the first mortgage and heloc portfolio utilizes statistical models that estimate prepayments, defaults, and probable losses for the loan segments based on predicted behavior of individual loans within the segments. the methodology considers the effects of borrower behavior and a variety of factors including, but not limited to, interest rates, housing price movements as measured by a housing price index, economic conditions, estimated defaults and foreclosures measured by historical and expected delinquencies, changes in prepayment speeds, ltv ratios, past loss experience, estimates of future loss severities, borrower credit risk measured by fico scores, and the adequacy of collateral. the methodology also evaluates concentrations in the loan segments including loan products, year of origination, and geographical distribution of collateral.
probable losses are forecast using a loan-level simulation of the delinquency status of the loans over the term of the loans. the simulation starts with the current relevant risk indicators, including the current delinquent status of each loan, the estimated current ltv ratio of each loan, the term and structure of each loan, current key interest rates including u.s. treasury and london interbank offered rate (libor) rates, and borrower fico scores. the more significant variables in the simulation include delinquency roll rates, loss severity, housing prices, and interest rates. delinquency roll rates (i.e., the rates at which loans transition through delinquency stages and ultimately result in a loss) are estimated from the company's historical loss experience adjusted for current trends and market information. further, the delinquency roll rates within the loan-level simulation discussed above are calibrated to match a moving average of the delinquency roll rates actually experienced in the respective first mortgage and heloc portfolios. loss severity estimates are based on the company's historical loss experience and market trends. the estimated loss severity (i.e. loss given default) used in the allowance for loan loss methodology for helocs is higher than that used in the methodology for first mortgages. housing price trends are derived from historical home price indices and econometric forecasts of future home values. factors affecting the home price index include: housing inventory, unemployment, interest rates, and inflation expectations. interest rate projections are based on the current term structure of interest rates and historical volatilities to project various possible future interest rate paths. as a result, the current state of house prices and the current state of delinquencies unique to the company's first mortgage and
- 46 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
heloc portfolios are considered in the allowance for loan loss methodology. this methodology results in loss factors that are applied to the outstanding balances to determine the allowance for loan loss for each loan segment.
the allowance for personal loans secured by securities is established on a loan by loan basis. the market value of collateral pledged by borrowers is regularly reviewed to ensure the company's commitment to extend credit is over-collateralized. if collateral is in danger of falling below specified levels, the company may reduce a borrower's committed line or may liquidate collateral. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the allowance for loan losses related to personal loans secured by securities was immaterial.
legal and regulatory reserves reserves for legal and regulatory claims and proceedings reflect an estimate of probable losses for each matter, after considering, among other factors, the progress of the case, prior experience and the experience of others in similar cases, available defenses, insurance coverage and indemnification, and the opinions and views of legal counsel. in many cases, including most class action lawsuits, it is not possible to determine whether a loss will be incurred, or to estimate the range of that loss, until the matter is close to resolution, in which case no accrual is made until that time. reserves are adjusted as more information becomes available or when an event occurs requiring a change. significant judgment is required in making these estimates, and the actual cost of resolving a matter may ultimately differ materially from the amount reserved.
the company's management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee. additionally, management has reviewed with the audit committee the company's significant estimates discussed in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
- 47 -
the charles schwab corporation