item 1a.   risk factors the statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully, in connection with all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k. the risks that follow, individually or in the aggregate, are those that we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements.
failure to execute our opportunistic buying strategy and inventory management could adversely affect our business.
while opportunistic buying, operating with lean inventory levels and frequent inventory turns are key elements of our off-price business strategy, they subject us to risks related to the pricing, quantity, mix, nature and timing of inventory flowing to our stores. our merchants are in the marketplace frequently, as much of our merchandise is purchased for the current or immediately upcoming season, and our opportunistic buying places considerable discretion with them. our business model expects them to react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise and generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. if we do not obtain the right fresh, desirable merchandise at the right times, quantities and prices, it could adversely affect customer traffic as well as our sales and margins.
we base our purchases of inventory, in part, on our sales forecasts. if our sales forecasts do not match customer demand, we may experience higher inventory levels and need to take markdowns on excess or slow-moving inventory, leading to decreased profit margins, or we may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand, leading to lost sales, either of which could adversely affect our financial performance.
if we are unable to generally purchase inventory at prices sufficiently below prices paid by conventional retailers, we may not be able to maintain an overall pricing differential to regular department and specialty stores, and our ability to attract customers and sustain our margins may be adversely affected. we may not achieve this at various times or in some divisions or geographies, which could adversely affect our results.
we must also properly execute our inventory management strategy of delivering the right product to the right stores at the right time. we need to appropriately allocate merchandise among our stores, timely and efficiently distribute inventory to stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, appropriately change the allocation of floor space of stores among product categories to respond to customer demand and effectively manage pricing and markdowns. if we are not able to do so, our ability to attract and retain customers and our results could be adversely affected.
in addition to our own execution, we may need to react to factors affecting inventory flow that are outside our control, discussed further below, such as adverse weather and natural disasters or other changes in conditions affecting our vendors and others in our supply chain, such as political instability, labor issues, including strikes or threats of strikes, or increasing cost of regulations. if we are not able to adjust appropriately to such factors, our inventory management may be affected, which could impact our performance and our relationship with our customers.
failure to continue to expand our business and operations successfully or to manage our substantial size and scale effectively could adversely affect our financial results.
our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, businesses and channels and, as appropriate, adding new businesses, whether by
10
development, investment or acquisition. there are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to successfully extend our current business and to enter new businesses, including managing the implementation of this growth effectively. if any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, in whole or in part, we may be required to increase our investment, slow our planned growth or close stores or operations, which could adversely affect our financial performance. for example, successful store growth requires us to find and lease appropriate real estate on attractive terms in each of the locations where we seek to open stores. our ability to do so depends, among other things, on availability and selection of appropriate sites in appropriate geographies; degree of competition for sites; factors affecting costs such as real estate, construction and development costs and costs and availability of capital; and variations in or changes to zoning or other land use regulations. if we cannot lease appropriate sites on attractive terms, it could limit our ability to successfully grow in various markets or adversely affect the economics of new stores in various markets. if and when we enter new markets, we also may encounter difficulties in attracting customers, as discussed further below in the risk factor regarding customer trends and preferences. new stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores and adding stores to existing markets may adversely affect our sales and profitability.
further, our substantial size imposes demands on maintaining appropriate internal resources and third party providers to support our business effectively. these demands may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and various functions across our business, including administration, merchandising, store operations, distribution and compliance and on appropriately staffing and training personnel in these areas as we grow. the large size and scale of our operations, our multiple chains in the u.s., canada and europe and the autonomy afforded to the chains in some aspects of the business increase the risk that our systems and practices will not be implemented appropriately throughout our company and that information may not be appropriately shared across our operations, which risks may increase as we continue to grow, particularly as we expand into additional countries. if business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency, may need to reduce our rate of expansion of one or more operations or otherwise curtail growth in one or more markets, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and adversely impact our sales and results.
failure to identify customer trends and preferences to meet customer demand in new or existing markets or channels could negatively impact our performance.
because our success depends on our ability to meet customer demand, we work to identify customer trends and preferences on an ongoing basis and to offer inventory that meets those trends and preferences. however, doing so across our diverse merchandise categories and in the many markets in the u.s., canada and europe in which we do business on a timely basis is challenging. trends and preferences in new markets may differ from what we anticipate. although our business model allows us greater flexibility than many traditional retailers to meet consumer preferences and trends and to expand and contract merchandise categories in response to consumers' changing tastes, we may not successfully do so, which could add difficulty in attracting new customers, retaining existing customers, encouraging frequent visits and adversely affect our results. customers may also have expectations about how they shop in stores or through e-commerce or more generally engage with businesses across different channels or media (through internet-based and other digital or mobile channels or particular forms of social media), which may vary across demographics and may evolve rapidly. meeting demand effectively involves identifying the right opportunities and making the right investments at the right time and with the right speed, among other things, and failure to do so may impact our reputation and our financial results.
if we fail to successfully implement our marketing, advertising and promotional programs, or if our competitors are more effective with their programs than we are, our revenue or results of operations may be adversely affected.
customer traffic and demand for our merchandise is influenced by our advertising, marketing and promotional activities, the name recognition and reputation of our chains and the location of and service offered in our stores. although we use marketing, advertising and promotional programs to attract customers to our
11
stores through various media including television, social media, database marketing, print and direct marketing, and through our loyalty programs, some of our competitors expend more for their programs than we do, or use different approaches than we do, which may provide them with a competitive advantage. our programs may not be effective or could require increased expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations. we may need to adjust these programs more quickly or have more difficulty making them effective as internet-based and other digital or mobile communication channels and other social media rapidly evolve, and we may not successfully do so.
we operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete effectively.
the retail apparel and home fashion business is highly competitive. we compete with local, regional, national and international retailers that sell apparel, home fashions and other merchandise we sell, including in stores, through catalogues or other media or over the internet. some of our competitors are larger than we are or have more experience in selling certain product lines than we do. new competitors frequently enter the market and existing competitors enter or increase their presence in the markets in which we operate, expand their merchandise offerings, add new sales channels or change their pricing methods, all of which increase competition for customers. we compete on the basis of fashion, quality, price, value; merchandise selection and freshness; brand name recognition; customer service, reputation and store location. our competitiveness is highly dependent on our effective execution of our off-price model of offering our customers a fresh, rapidly changing and attractive mix of merchandise delivering value. if we fail to compete effectively, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected.
failure to attract, train and retain quality associates in appropriate numbers, including key associates and management, could adversely affect our performance.
our performance depends on recruiting, developing, training and retaining quality sales, systems, distribution center and other associates in large numbers as well as experienced buying and management personnel. many of our associates are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. availability and skill of associates may differ across markets in which we do business and in new markets we enter, and we need to manage our labor needs effectively. we also need to effectively control labor costs (discussed further below in the risk factor regarding labor costs). in addition, because of the distinctive nature of our off-price model, we must provide significant internal training and development for key associates across the company, including within our buying organization. similar to other retailers, we face challenges in securing and retaining sufficient talent in management and other key areas for many reasons, including competition in the retail industry generally and for talent in various geographic markets. if we do not continue to attract qualified individuals, train them in our business model, support their development and retain them, our performance could be adversely affected or our growth could be limited.
labor costs, including pension and healthcare costs, and other challenges from our large workforce may adversely affect our results and profitability.
we have a large workforce, and our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling costs, including costs of providing retirement, health and other employee benefits, is subject to various factors such as unemployment levels; prevailing wage rates and minimum wage requirements; participant benefit levels; changing demographics; economic conditions; interest rate changes; economic, demographic and other actuarial assumptions; health and other insurance costs and the regulatory environment, including health care legislation, immigration law, and governmental labor and employment and employee benefits programs and requirements. certain associates in our distribution centers are members of unions and therefore subject us to the risk of labor actions of various kinds as well as risks and potential expenses associated with multiemployer plans, including from potential withdrawal liability and potential insolvency of other participating employers. other associates are members of works councils, which may subject us to additional actions or expense. in addition, any failure of third parties that perform services on our behalf to comply with immigration, employment or other laws and regulations could damage our reputation or disrupt our ability to obtain needed labor. when wage rates or benefit levels increase in a market, increasing our wages or benefits may cause our earnings to decrease, while failing to increase our wages or benefits competitively or reducing our wages or benefits, could result in a
12
decline in our ability to attract or retain associates or in the quality of our workforce, causing our customer service or performance to suffer, which could impact our results.
economic conditions, on a global level or in particular markets, may adversely affect our financial performance.
global financial markets can experience extreme volatility, disruption and credit contraction, which adversely affect global economic conditions. turmoil in the financial and credit markets or other changes in economic conditions could adversely affect sources of liquidity available to us or our costs of capital and could adversely affect plan asset values and investment performance, and increase our pension liabilities, expenses and funding requirements with respect to company-sponsored and multiemployer pension plans. economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, including unemployment, decreased disposable income and actual and perceived wealth, energy and health care costs, interest and tax rates and policies, weakness in the housing market, volatility in capital markets, decreased credit availability, inflation and deflation, as well as political or other factors beyond our control such as threats or possibilities of war, terrorism, global or national unrest, actual or threatened epidemics, and political instability may also have significant effects on consumer confidence and spending. consumer spending, in turn, affects retail sales. these conditions and factors could adversely affect discretionary consumer spending and, although we believe our flexible off-price model helps us react, they may adversely affect our sales, cash flows and results of operations and performance.
compromises of our data security could materially harm our reputation and business.
in the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, process and transmit certain information from individuals, such as our customers and associates, including, for example, customer payment card and check information. we rely in part on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of personal and/or confidential information. as with many other companies, particularly in the retail industry, we may be subject to attempts to compromise our data security. computer hackers may, for example, attempt to penetrate our computer systems or those of the third parties with whom we work or to whom we outsource business operations and, if successful, misappropriate customer or associate information or confidential business information of our company. we suffered an unauthorized intrusion or intrusions into portions of our computer system that process and store information related to customer transactions, discovered late in 2006, in which we believe customer data were stolen. we have taken steps designed to further strengthen the security of our computer system and protocols and have instituted an ongoing program with respect to data security, consistent with a consent order with the federal trade commission, to assess the ongoing effectiveness of our information security program and to maintain and enhance our program as appropriate. nevertheless, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer a future data compromise, that unauthorized parties will not gain access to the information that we collect, store, process or transmit, or that any such data compromise or access will be discovered in a timely way. in addition, an associate, contractor or third party with whom we do business or to whom we outsource business operations may fail to monitor the systems effectively, or one of those parties may misuse the personal or confidential information to which they have access, may attempt to circumvent our security measures in order to access or misappropriate such types of information or may purposefully or, through error, inadvertently cause a breach involving such information. advances in computer and software technology and capabilities, rapid changes in the sources, methods and targets of cyber-attacks and other developments, including the increasing sophistication of cyber criminals generally, may increase the risk of such a breach.
compromise of our data security or that of third parties with whom we do business or to whom we outsource business operations, including through cyber-attacks or other external or internal methods, failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of personal or business information and delays in detecting any such compromise or loss could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and customers' willingness to shop in our stores, impact our ability to attract and retain customers, violate applicable laws, regulations, orders and agreements, and subject us to additional costs and liabilities which could be material.
13
failure to operate information systems and implement new technologies effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability.
we rely extensively on various information systems, including data centers, hardware and software and applications to manage many aspects of our business, including to process and record transactions in our stores, to enable effective communication systems, to plan and track inventory flow, to manage logistics and to generate performance and financial reports. we are dependent on the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems and related back-up systems. supporting these systems requires a number of resources, including effective and qualified internal teams. as we grow and as our systems evolve, we must continue to hire, train, manage and retain these teams in an effective way. our computer systems and the third-party systems we rely on are also subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses or malware; security breaches; cyber-attacks; catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes; acts of war or terrorism and design or usage errors by our associates or contractors. although we seek to maintain our systems effectively, manage our team of internal and third party resources effectively and successfully address the risk of compromises of the integrity, security and consistent operations of our systems, we may not be successful in doing so. compromises, interruptions or shutdowns of our systems, including those managed by third parties, whether intentional or inadvertent, could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant or extreme, affect our results of operations.
we modify, update, and replace our systems and infrastructure from time to time, including by adding new hardware, software and applications; maintaining, updating or replacing legacy programs; converting to global systems; integrating new service providers, and adding enhanced or new functionality, such as for cloud computing technologies and for the continued operation and development of our e-commerce businesses; and adding new systems when we acquire new businesses. we also modify and change our procedures for, and add and change vendors and internal teams who assist us with designing, implementing and maintaining our systems. although we believe we are diligent in selecting systems and vendors and implementing procedures to enable us to maintain the integrity of our systems when we modify them, there are inherent risks associated with modifying or replacing systems, with new or changed relationships and with changes from acquisitions, including accurately capturing and maintaining data, realizing the expected benefit of the change and managing the potential disruption of the operation of the systems and diversion to internal teams' attention as the changes are implemented. potential issues associated with implementing technology initiatives and the time and resources required to optimize the benefits of new elements of our systems and its infrastructure could reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. in addition, any interruption in the operation of our websites, particularly our e-commerce sites, could cause us to suffer reputational harm or to lose sales if customers are unable to access our site or purchase merchandise from us during such interruption. the efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends upon our information systems, including our ability to operate and maintain them effectively, to select appropriate internal teams and vendors to maintain or enhance them and to select and implement appropriate new technologies, systems, controls, hardware, software and applications and adequate disaster recovery systems successfully. the failure of our information systems and the third party systems we rely on to perform as designed, or our failure to implement and operate them effectively, could disrupt our business or subject us to liability and thereby harm our profitability.
adverse or unseasonable weather in the markets in which our stores operate or our distribution centers are located could adversely affect our operating results.
both adverse and unseasonable weather, such as storms, severe cold or heat or unseasonable temperatures, affect customers' buying patterns and willingness to shop certain categories or at all, and accordingly, can adversely affect the demand for the merchandise in our stores, particularly in apparel and seasonal merchandise. weather can also affect the ability to transport merchandise to our stores from our distribution and shipping centers or elsewhere in our supply chain efficiently or in a timely way. as a result, adverse or unseasonable weather in our markets could adversely affect our sales, increase markdowns and adversely affect our operating results.
14
our results may be adversely affected by serious disruptions or catastrophic events.
unforeseen public health issues, such as pandemics and epidemics, natural or other disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes and other extreme weather and climate conditions, or fires, explosions and acts of war or terrorism, in any of our markets could disrupt our operations or the operations of one or more of our vendors or of our supply chain or could severely damage or destroy one or more of our stores or distribution facilities located in the affected areas. day-to-day operations, particularly our ability to receive products from our vendors or transport products to our stores could be adversely affected, or we could be required to close stores or distribution centers in the affected areas or in areas served by affected distribution centers for a short or extended period of time. as a result, our business could be adversely affected.
as our business is subject to seasonal influences, a decrease in sales or margins, a severe disruption or other significant event that impacts the business could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our operating results if it occurs during the second half of the year.
our business is subject to seasonal influences; we generally realize higher levels of sales and income in the second half of the year, which includes the back-to-school and year-end holiday seasons. any decrease in sales or margins or any significant adverse event during this period could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our results of operations.
damage to our corporate reputation or those of our retail banners could adversely affect our sales and operating results.
we believe that building the brand reputation of our retail banners is important to our continuing success, and we work to build relationships with our customers through traditional and social media and other advertising and promotional activities. these relationships and our reputation is based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities, so incidents involving us, merchandise that we carry or our industry more generally that erode trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and our business, particularly if the incidents result in rapid or significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. similarly, information about us, our retail banners and the merchandise we sell, including our licensed or owned brands, publicized through traditional or social media platforms and similar venues, including blogs, websites, and other forums for internet-based communications that allow individuals almost immediate access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons, may adversely affect our reputation and brand, even if the information is unverified or inaccurate. the reputation of our company and our retail banners may be damaged by adverse events at the corporate level or at our retail banners. damage to the reputation of our company and our banners could result in declines in customer loyalty and sales, affect our vendor relationships, development opportunities and associate retention and otherwise adversely affect our business.
issues with merchandise quality or safety could damage our reputation, sales and financial results.
various governmental authorities in the jurisdictions where we do business regulate the quality and safety of the merchandise we sell to consumers. regulations and standards in this area, including those related to the u.s. consumer product safety improvement act of 2008, state regulations like california's proposition 65, and similar legislation in other countries in which we operate, impose restrictions and requirements on the merchandise we sell in our stores and through e-commerce. these regulations change from time to time and new federal, state, provincial or local regulations in the u.s. and other countries that may affect our business are contemplated and enacted with some regularity. if we or our merchandise vendors are unable to comply with regulatory requirements on a timely basis or at all, or to adequately monitor new regulations that may apply to existing or new merchandise categories or in new geographies, significant fines or penalties could be incurred or we could have to curtail some aspects of our sales or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. we rely on our vendors to provide quality merchandise that complies with applicable product safety laws and other applicable laws, but they may not comply with their obligations to do so. although our arrangements with our vendors frequently provide for indemnification for product liabilities, the vendors may fail to honor those obligations to an extent we consider sufficient or at all. issues with the quality and safety of merchandise, particularly with food, bath and body and children's products, and issues with the genuineness of
15
merchandise, or customer concerns about such issues, regardless of our fault, could cause damage to our reputation and could result in lost sales, uninsured product liability claims or losses, merchandise recalls and increased costs, and regulatory, civil or criminal fines or penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
our expanding international operations may expose us to risks inherent in operating in new countries.
we have a significant retail presence in canada and in countries in europe and have established buying offices around the world, and our goal is to continue to expand our operations into international markets in the future (such as continued expansion in europe). it can be costly and complex to establish, develop and maintain international operations and promote business in new international jurisdictions, which may differ significantly from the u.s. and other countries in which we currently operate. in addition to facing risks similar to our u.s. and current international operations, such as with regulations such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, there are additional risks inherent in opening operations in new countries, such as understanding the retail climate and trends, local customs and competitive conditions; complying with relevant laws, rules and regulations; and developing the appropriate infrastructure for local operations. there are also financial risks associated with international operations, including currency exchange fluctuations and adverse tax consequences or limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds outside of the country where earned, which could have an adverse impact on our operations, profitability or liquidity. complying with applicable laws and our own internal policies may require us to spend additional time and resources to implement new procedures and financial controls, conduct audits, train associates and third parties on our compliance methods or take other actions, which could adversely impact our operations.
we are subject to risks associated with importing merchandise from other countries.
many of the products sold in our stores are sourced by our vendors and, to a lesser extent, by us, in many countries outside of the country where the stores are located, particularly southeastern asia. where we are the importer of record, we may be subject to regulatory or other requirements similar to those imposed upon the manufacturer of such products. we are subject to the various risks of importing merchandise from other countries and purchasing product made in other countries, such as:
—   potential disruptions in manufacturing, logistics and supply;
—   changes in duties, tariffs, trade restrictions, quotas and voluntary export restrictions on imported merchandise;
—   transport capacity and costs;
—   information technology challenges;
—   problems in third-party distribution and warehousing and other interruptions of the supply chain;
—   strikes, threats of strikes and other events affecting delivery;
—   consumer perceptions of the safety of imported merchandise;
—   product and international trade compliance with laws and regulations of the destination country;
—   product liability claims from customers or penalties from government agencies relating to products that are recalled, defective or otherwise noncompliant or alleged to be harmful;
—   concerns about human rights, working conditions and other labor rights and conditions in countries where merchandise is produced or about transparent sourcing and supply chains;
—   compliance with laws and regulations including changing labor, environmental and other laws in those countries and those concerning ethical business practices, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act;
—   exposure for product warranty and intellectual property issues;
—   currency exchange rates, financial or economic instability; and
—   political or other issues in countries from or through which merchandise is imported.
16
these and other factors relating to international trade and imported merchandise beyond our control could affect the availability and the price of our inventory. furthermore, although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations relating to operating in non-u.s. jurisdictions and importing merchandise, there can be no assurance that contractors, agents, vendors or other third parties with whom we do business or to whom we outsource business operations will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies, which could subject us to liability and could adversely affect our reputation, operations or operating results.
our results may be adversely affected by reduced availability or increases in the price of oil or other fuels, raw materials and other commodities.
energy and fuel costs have fluctuated dramatically and in the past, had significant cost increases, particularly the price of oil and gasoline. an increase in the price of oil increases our transportation costs for distribution, utility costs for our retail stores and costs to purchase our products from suppliers. although we typically implement a hedging strategy designed to manage a portion of our transportation costs, that strategy may not be effective or sufficient and increases in oil and gasoline prices could adversely affect consumer spending and demand for our products and increase our operating costs, which could have an adverse effect on our performance. increased regulation related to environmental costs, including cap and trade or other emissions management systems could also adversely affect our costs of doing business, including utility costs, transportation and logistics. similarly, other commodity prices can fluctuate dramatically, such as the cost of cotton and synthetic fabrics, which at times have risen significantly. such increases can increase the cost of merchandise, which could adversely affect our performance through potentially reduced consumer demand or reduced margins.
fluctuations in currency exchange rates may lead to lower revenues and earnings.
sales made by our stores outside the united states are denominated in the currency of the country in which the store is located, and changes in currency exchange rates affect the translation of the sales and earnings of these businesses into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. because of this, movements in currency exchange rates have had and are expected to continue to have a significant impact on our consolidated and segment results from time to time. changes in currency exchange rates can also increase the cost of inventory purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the local currency of the business buying the merchandise. when exchange rates change significantly in a short period, as they did in fiscal 2015, it can be difficult for us to adjust retail prices accordingly, and gross margin can be adversely affected. in addition, a significant amount of merchandise we offer for sale is made in china and accordingly, a revaluation of chinese currency, or increased market flexibility in the exchange rate for that currency, increasing its value relative to the u.s. dollar or currencies in which our stores are located, could be significant.
additionally, we routinely enter into inventory-related derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of currency exchange rates on merchandise margins of merchandise purchases by our divisions denominated in currencies other than their local currencies. in accordance with gaap, we evaluate the fair value of these derivative instruments and make mark-to-market adjustments at the end of each accounting period. these adjustments are of a much greater magnitude when there is significant volatility in currency exchange rates, as there was in fiscal 2015, and may have a significant impact on our earnings.
although we implement foreign currency hedging and risk management strategies to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in earnings and cash flows associated with changes in currency exchange rates, we expect that currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations from time to time. in addition, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may have a greater impact on our earnings and operating results if a counterparty to one of our hedging arrangements fails to perform.
our quarterly operating results fluctuate and may fall short of prior periods, our projections or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could adversely affect our stock price.
our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter at points in the past, and they may do so in the future. if we fail to increase our results over prior periods, to achieve our projected results or to meet the
17
expectations of securities analysts or investors, our share price may decline, and the decrease in the stock price may be disproportionate to the shortfall in our financial performance. results may be affected by various factors, including those described in these risk factors. most of our operating expenses, such as rent expense and associate salaries, do not vary directly with the amount of our sales and are difficult to adjust in the short term. as a result, if sales in a particular quarter are below our expectations for that quarter, we generally are not able to proportionately reduce operating expenses for that quarter, resulting in a disproportionate effect on our net income for the quarter. we maintain a forecasting process that seeks to project sales and align expenses. if we do not control costs or appropriately adjust costs to actual results, or if actual results differ significantly from our forecast, our financial performance could be adversely affected. in addition, if we do not repurchase the number of shares we contemplated pursuant to our stock repurchase programs, our earnings per share may be adversely affected.
if we engage in mergers or acquisitions or investments in new businesses, or divest, close or consolidate any of our current businesses, our business will be subject to additional risks.
we may acquire new businesses, invest in or enter into joint ventures with other businesses, develop new businesses internally and divest, close or consolidate businesses. acquisition, investment or divestiture activities may divert attention of management from operating the existing businesses, and we may not effectively evaluate target companies or investments or assess the risks, benefits and cost of buying, investing in or closing businesses or of the integration of acquired businesses, all of which can be difficult, time-consuming and dilutive. acquisitions and investments may not meet our performance and other expectations and acquisition, investments, closings and divestitures may expose us to unexpected or greater-than-expected costs, liabilities and risks. divestitures, closings and consolidations also involve risks, such as significant costs and obligations of closure, including exposure on leases, owned real estate and other contractual, employment, pension and severance obligations, and potential liabilities that may arise under law as a result of the disposition or the subsequent failure of an acquirer. failure to execute on mergers, acquisitions, investments, divestitures, closings and consolidations in a satisfactory manner could adversely affect our future results of operations and financial condition.
failure to comply with existing laws, regulations and orders or changes in existing laws and regulations could negatively affect our business operations and financial performance.
we are subject to federal, state, provincial, regional and local laws, rules and regulations in the united states and other countries, any of which may change from time to time, as well as orders and assurances. these legal, regulatory and administrative requirements collectively affect multiple aspects of our business, from the cost of providing health care and retirement benefits, workforce management, logistics, marketing, import/export, sourcing and manufacturing, data protection and others. if we fail to comply with these laws, rules, regulations and orders, we may be subject to judgments, fines or other costs or penalties, which could materially adversely affect our operations and our financial results and condition. further, applicable accounting principles and interpretations may change from time to time, and the changes could have material effects on our reported financial results and condition.
we must also comply with new and changing laws and regulations, new regulatory initiatives, evolving interpretation of existing laws by judicial and regulatory authorities, and reforms in jurisdictions where we do business. these changes could increase our costs of compliance or of doing business and could adversely affect our operating results, including those involving:
—   labor and employment benefits, including regarding labor unions and works councils;
—   health and welfare and financial regulations;
—   consumer protection and product safety;
—   data protection and privacy;
—   climate change, supply chain, energy and waste;
—   internet regulations, including e-commerce, electronic communications and privacy; and
18
—   protection of third party intellectual property rights.
our results may be materially adversely affected by the outcomes of litigation, legal proceedings and other legal matters.
we are involved, or may in the future become involved, in legal proceedings, regulatory reviews, audits and other legal matters. these may involve inquiries, investigations, lawsuits and other proceedings by local, provincial, state and federal governmental entities (in the united states and other countries) and private plaintiffs, including with respect to tax, escheat, whistleblower claims, employment and employee benefits including classification, employment rights, discrimination, wage and hour and retaliation, securities, disclosure, real estate, tort, consumer protection, privacy, product safety, advertising, and intellectual property. there continue to be a number of employment-related lawsuits, including putative class actions, in the united states, and we are subject to these types of suits. we cannot predict the results of legal and regulatory proceedings with certainty, and actual results may differ from any reserves we establish estimating the probable outcome. regardless of merit or outcome, litigation can be both time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and may cause significant expense and diversion of management attention. legal and regulatory proceedings and investigations could expose us to significant defense costs, fines, penalties and liability to private parties and governmental entities for monetary recoveries and other amounts and attorneys' fees and/or require us to change aspects of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
tax matters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our effective income tax rate and future tax liability could be adversely affected by numerous factors including the results of tax audits and examinations, income before taxes being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory income tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory income tax rates, changes in income tax rates, changes in transfer pricing, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in applicable tax legislation, regulations and treaties, exposure to additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, and changes in accounting principles and interpretations relating to tax matters, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition in future periods. significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our worldwide provision and accruals for taxes, and actual results may differ from our estimations.
in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and reports by federal, state, provincial and local tax authorities in the u.s. and foreign countries, and the examining authorities may challenge positions we take. we are engaged in various proceedings, which are at various stages, with such authorities with respect to assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these proceedings to determine the adequacy and appropriateness of our provision for income taxes, and increase and decrease our provision as a result of these assessments. however, the developments in and actual results of proceedings or the result of rulings by or settlements with tax authorities and courts or due to changes in facts, law or legal interpretations, expiration of applicable statutes of limitations or other resolutions of tax positions could differ from the amounts we have accrued for such proceedings in either a positive or a negative manner, which could materially affect our effective income tax rate in a given financial period, the amount of taxes we are required to pay and our results of operations. in addition, we are subject to tax audits and examinations for payroll, value added, sales-based and other taxes relating to our businesses.
our real estate leases generally obligate us for long periods, which subjects us to financial risks.
we lease virtually all of our store locations, generally for an initial term of ten years, with options to renew the term, and either own or lease for long periods our primary distribution centers and administrative offices. accordingly, we are subject to the risks associated with leasing and owning real estate, which can adversely affect our results as, for example, was the case in the closures of various of our former operations. while we have the right to terminate some of our leases under specified conditions, including by making specified payments, we may not be able to terminate a particular lease if or when we would like to do so. if we decide to close stores, we are generally required to continue to perform obligations under the applicable leases, which generally include, among other things, paying rent and operating expenses for the balance of the lease term, or
19
paying to exercise rights to terminate, and the performance of any of these obligations may be expensive. when we assign leases or sublease space to third parties, we can remain liable on the lease obligations if the assignee or sublessee does not perform. in addition, when the lease term for the stores in our ongoing operations expire, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us to close stores or to relocate stores within a market on less favorable terms.
we depend upon strong cash flows from our operations to supply capital to fund our operations, growth, stock repurchases and dividends and interest and debt repayment.
our business depends upon our operations to continue to generate strong cash flow to supply capital to support our general operating activities, to fund our growth and our return of cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase programs and dividends, and to pay our interest and debt repayments. our inability to continue to generate sufficient cash flows to support these activities or to repatriate cash from our international operations in a manner that is cost effective could adversely affect our growth plans and financial performance including our earnings per share. we borrow on occasion to finance our activities and if financing were not available to us in adequate amounts and on appropriate terms when needed, it could also adversely affect our financial performance.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion that follows relates to our 52-week fiscal years ended january 31, 2015 (fiscal 2015) and february 1, 2014 (fiscal 2014) and our 53-week fiscal year ended february 2, 2013 (fiscal 2013).
overview we are the leading off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the u.s. and worldwide. we sell a rapidly changing assortment of apparel, home fashions and other merchandise at prices generally 20% to 60% below department and specialty store regular prices on comparable merchandise, every day. we operate over 3,300 stores through our four main segments: in the u.s., marmaxx (which operates t.j. maxx, marshalls and tjmaxx.com) and homegoods; tjx canada (which operates winners, homesense and marshalls in canada); and tjx europe (which operates t.k. maxx, homesense and tkmaxx.com in europe). we also operate sierra trading post (stp), a leading off-price internet retailer that we acquired in late fiscal 2013, which operates sierratradingpost.com and six stores in the u.s. the results of stp have been reported with the marmaxx segment.
fiscal 2015 was another successful year for tjx as we posted solid gains in net sales and earnings per share on top of strong increases in both fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013. we continued to generate strong cash flows, allowing us to return value to our shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases, while continuing to reinvest in our business by adding new stores, remodeling existing ones and strengthening our infrastructure to support our next level of growth. in fiscal 2016, we announced an initiative to raise wages for our u.s. full- and part-time hourly store associates to at least $9.00 per hour beginning in june 2015.
highlights of our financial performance for fiscal 2015 include the following:
—   same store sales increased 2% in fiscal 2015 over an increase of 3% in fiscal 2014 and an increase of 7% in fiscal 2013. the fiscal 2015 increase was driven by increases in the value of the average transaction and in customer traffic.
—    net sales increased to $29.1 billion for fiscal 2015, up 6% over the same period last year. net sales increased to $27.4 billion for fiscal 2014, up 6% over the
53-week fiscal period in fiscal 2013. at january 31, 2015, the number of stores in operation and selling square footage increased 5% over the end of fiscal 2014.
—                         earnings per share for fiscal 2015 were $3.15 per diluted share compared to $2.94 per diluted share in fiscal 2014. fiscal 2015 earnings per share reflect a charge of $0.01 from a loss on early extinguishment of debt. diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2014 included an $0.11 per share benefit resulting from tax benefits recognized in the third quarter.
—   our fiscal 2015 pre-tax margin (the ratio of pre-tax income to net sales) was 12.2%, a 0.1 percentage point increase compared to our fiscal 2014 pre-tax margin.
the loss on early extinguishment of debt reduced pre-tax margin by 0.1 percentage point in fiscal 2015.
—   our cost of sales ratio for fiscal 2015 was 71.5%, flat compared to the fiscal 2014 ratio. merchandise margins were slightly up in fiscal 2015.
—   our selling, general and administrative expense ratio for fiscal 2015 decreased 0.2 percentage points from 16.3% in fiscal 2014 to 16.1%.
—   our consolidated average per store inventories, including inventory on hand at our distribution centers (which excludes inventory in transit) and excluding our e-commerce businesses, were up 3% at the end of fiscal 2015.
—   during fiscal 2015, we repurchased 27.7 million shares of our common stock for $1.7 billion. earnings per share reflect the benefit of the stock repurchase program. in january 2015, our board of directors authorized our 16th stock repurchase program for an additional $2 billion.
24
the following is a discussion of our consolidated operating results, followed by a discussion of our segment operating results.
net sales: consolidated net sales for fiscal 2015 totaled $29.1 billion, a 6% increase over $27.4 billion in fiscal 2014. the increase reflected a 4% increase from new stores and a 2% increase from same store sales. foreign currency exchange rates and e-commerce sales had an immaterial impact on fiscal 2015 net sales growth. consolidated net sales for fiscal 2014 totaled $27.4 billion, a 6% increase over $25.9 billion in fiscal 2013. the increase reflected a 4% increase from new stores, a 3% increase from same store sales and a 1% increase from stp, offset by a 2% decrease attributable to the 53rd week included in fiscal 2013. foreign currency exchange rates had an immaterial impact on fiscal 2014 net sales.
same store sales increases in the u.s. for fiscal 2015 were driven by increases in the value of the average transaction and customer traffic. in fiscal 2015, within apparel, sales from jewelry and accessories and activewear performed particularly well, as did home fashions. geographically, in the u.s., sales were strongest in the southeast and southwest. same store sales increases at tjx europe and tjx canada were above the consolidated average.
same store sales increases in the u.s. for fiscal 2014 were driven by an increase in average ticket as well as a slight increase in customer traffic. we believe unfavorable weather in many regions where we operate had a negative impact on sales during the first and fourth quarters of fiscal 2014. sales from jewelry and accessories, and home fashions performed particularly well in fiscal 2014. geographically, same store sales increases in the u.s. were strongest in the west coast and florida. same store sales increases at tjx europe were above the consolidated average while tjx canada was below the consolidated average.
we define same store sales to be sales of those stores that have been in operation for all or a portion of two consecutive fiscal years, or in other words, stores that are starting their third fiscal year of operation. the sales of sierra trading post, tjmaxx.com and tkmaxx.com are not included in same store sales. we classify a store as a new store until it meets the same store sales criteria. we determine which stores are included in the same store sales calculation at the beginning of a fiscal year and the classification remains constant throughout that year, unless a store is closed. we calculate same store sales results by comparing the current and prior year weekly periods that are most closely aligned. relocated stores and stores that have increased in size are generally classified in the same way as the original store, and we believe that the impact of these stores on the consolidated same store percentage is immaterial. same store sales of our foreign segments are calculated on a constant currency basis, meaning we translate the current year's same store sales of our foreign segments at the same exchange rates used in the prior year. this removes the effect of changes in currency exchange rates, which we believe is a more accurate measure of segment operating performance. we define customer traffic to be the number of transactions in stores included in the same store sales calculation and define average ticket to be the average retail price of the units sold. we define average transaction or average basket to be the average dollar value of transactions included in the same store sales calculation.
25
the following table sets forth our consolidated operating results from continuing operations as a percentage of net sales:
percentage of net sales fiscal year 2015         percentage of net sales         percentage of net sales fiscal year 2014                fiscal year 2013
net sales                                                                                   100.0   %                       100.0   %                       100.0   %
cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs                                          71.5                            71.5                            71.6
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                 16.1                            16.3                            16.4
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                          0.1                               —                               —
interest expense, net                                                                         0.1                             0.1                             0.1
income before provision for income taxes*                                                    12.2   %                        12.1   %                        11.9   %
diluted earnings per share                                                                  $3.15                           $2.94                           $2.55
*   figures may not foot due to rounding.
impact of foreign currency exchange rates: our operating results are affected by foreign currency exchange rates as a result of changes in the value of the u.s. dollar in relation to other currencies. two ways in which foreign currency exchange rates affect our reported results are as follows:
—                                                    translation of foreign operating results into u.s. dollars: in our financial statements, we translate the operations of tjx canada and tjx europe from local currencies into u.s. dollars using currency rates in effect at different points in time. significant changes in foreign exchange rates between comparable prior periods can result in meaningful variations in consolidated net sales, net income and earnings per share growth as well as the net sales and operating results of these segments. currency translation generally does not affect operating margins as a percentage of net sales, or affects them only slightly, as sales and expenses of the foreign operations are translated at essentially the same rates within a given period.
—                                                   inventory-related derivatives: we routinely enter into inventory-related hedging instruments to mitigate the impact on earnings of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on merchandise purchases denominated in currencies other than the local currencies of our divisions, principally tjx canada and tjx europe. as we have not elected "hedge accounting" for these instruments as defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), we record a mark-to-market gain or loss on the derivative instruments in our results of operations at the end of each reporting period. in subsequent periods, the income statement impact of the mark-to-market adjustment is effectively offset when the inventory being hedged is received and paid for. while these effects occur every reporting period, they are of much greater magnitude when there are sudden and significant changes in currency exchange rates during a short period of time. the mark-to-market adjustment on these derivatives does not affect net sales, but it does affect the cost of sales, operating margins and earnings we report.
we discuss the effect of these foreign currency issues on our actual results throughout this discussion. as a result of the strengthening of the u.s. dollar and resulting change in foreign currency exchange rates in late fiscal 2015, if rates were to stay at or near those levels in the coming year, we expect fiscal 2016 results would be negatively impacted to a much greater extent than historically experienced.
cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs: cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs, as a percentage of net sales remained flat at 71.5% in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, and was 71.6% in fiscal 2013. there was a slight increase in merchandise margins in fiscal 2015.
the 53rd week in fiscal 2013, which benefitted that year's expense ratio by approximately 0.2 percentage points, impacts year-over-year comparisons. the 0.1 percentage point improvement in this ratio for fiscal 2014 was primarily due to slight expense leverage in buying and occupancy costs, as merchandise margins were comparable to the prior year.
26
selling, general and administrative expenses: selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales were 16.1% in fiscal 2015, 16.3% in fiscal 2014 and 16.4% in fiscal 2013. the reduction in this ratio is largely due to a reduction in our reserves for former operations in fiscal 2015, as well as costs incurred in fiscal 2014 relating to our home office relocations.
the improvement in this ratio for fiscal 2014 was primarily due to year-over-year favorability from a combination of items that negatively impacted the fiscal 2013 expense ratio. fiscal 2013 included a non-cash charge for the cumulative impact of a correction to our pension accrual, a non-operating charge due to the adjustment in our reserve for former operations relating to closed stores and contributions to the tjx foundation.
loss on early extinguishment of debt: on july 8, 2014, we redeemed our $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.20% notes due august 2015 and recorded a pre-tax loss on the early extinguishment of debt of $16.8 million.
interest expense, net: the components of interest expense, net for the last three fiscal years are summarized below:
fiscal year ended dollars in thousands    january 31,               february 1,               february 2,
2015                      2014                      2013
interest expense        $64,783                   $57,084                   $48,582
capitalized interest             (9,403   )               (10,993   )                (7,750   )
interest (income)               (15,593   )               (15,010   )               (11,657   )
interest expense, net   $39,787                   $31,081                   $29,175
the increase in net interest expense for fiscal 2015 reflected the interest cost from the date of issuance (june 5, 2014) on the $750 million 2.75% seven-year notes. in addition, fiscal 2015 included 12 months of interest expense on the $500 million 2.50% ten-year notes, compared to fiscal 2014, which only reflected nine months of interest expense. these costs were partially offset by interest savings due to the redemption of the $400 million 4.20% notes. the reduction in capitalized interest on ongoing capital projects is partially offset by an increase in interest income driven by higher cash balances.
income taxes: our effective annual income tax rate was 37.6% in fiscal 2015, 35.6% in fiscal 2014 and 38.0% in fiscal 2013. the increase in the fiscal 2015 effective income tax rate, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to the impact on the fiscal 2014 income tax rate from tax benefits in fiscal 2014 of approximately $80 million, which were primarily due to a reduction in our reserve for uncertain tax positions as a result of settlements with state taxing authorities and the reversal of valuation allowances against foreign net operating loss carryforwards. these benefits reduced the fiscal 2014 effective income tax rate by 1.4 percentage points and 0.8 percentage points, respectively. the decrease in the fiscal 2014 effective income tax rate as compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily due to the tax benefits described above. see note l to the consolidated financial statements for more information relating to income taxes.
net income and diluted earnings per share: net income was $2.2 billion in fiscal 2015, a 4% increase over $2.1 billion in fiscal 2014, which in turn was a 12% increase over $1.9 billion in fiscal 2013. diluted earnings per share were $3.15 in fiscal 2015, $2.94 in fiscal 2014 and $2.55 in fiscal 2013. the after-tax cost for the loss on the early extinguishment of debt in the second quarter of fiscal 2015 reduced earnings per share for fiscal 2015 by $0.01 per share. the tax benefits referred to above added $0.11 per share to net income for fiscal 2014, while the 53rd week benefited fiscal 2013 earnings per share by $0.08 per share. foreign currency exchange rates also affected the comparability of our results. foreign currency exchange rates had a $0.01 negative impact on earnings per share for both fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013.
our stock repurchase programs, which reduce our weighted average diluted shares outstanding, benefited our earnings per share growth in fiscal 2015 by 4%. we repurchased 27.7 million shares of our stock at a cost of $1.7 billion in fiscal 2015, 27.0 million shares of our stock at a cost of $1.5 billion in fiscal 2014 and 30.6 million shares of our stock at a cost of $1.3 billion in fiscal 2013.
27
segment information: we operate four main business segments. our marmaxx (t.j. maxx, marshalls and tjmaxx.com) and homegoods segments both operate in the united states. our tjx canada segment operates winners, homesense and marshalls in canada, and our tjx europe segment operates t.k. maxx, homesense and tkmaxx.com in europe. we also operate stp, an off-price internet retailer with a small number of stores in the u.s. the results of stp have been included with our marmaxx segment. we evaluate the performance of our segments based on "segment profit or loss," which we define as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense, loss on early extinguishment of debt and interest expense. "segment profit or loss," as we define the term, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other entities. the terms "segment margin" or "segment profit margin" are used to describe segment profit or loss as a percentage of net sales. these measures of performance should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flows from operating activities as an indicator of our performance or as a measure of liquidity.
presented below is selected financial information related to our business segments:
u.s. segments:
marmaxx fiscal year ended dollars in millions                                         january 31,              february 1,              february 2,
2015                     2014                     2013
net sales                                                     $18,687.9                $17,929.6                $17,011.4
segment profit                                                 $2,736.7                 $2,612.7                 $2,486.3
segment profit as a percentage of net sales                        14.6   %                 14.6   %                 14.6   %
increase in same store sales                                          1   %                    3   %                    6   %
stores in operation at end of period t.j. maxx                                                         1,119                    1,079                    1,036
marshalls                                                           975                      942                      904
total marmaxx                                                     2,094                    2,021                    1,940
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands)
t.j. maxx                                                        25,461                   24,712                   23,894
marshalls                                                        23,715                   23,092                   22,380
total marmaxx                                                    49,176                   47,804                   46,274
at january 31, 2015, stp operated six stores with a selling square footage of 122,000. at february 1, 2014 and february 2, 2013, stp operated four stores with a selling square footage of 83,000.
net sales at marmaxx increased 4% in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. the increase reflected a 3% increase from new stores and a 1% increase from same store sales. the same store sales increase of 1% in fiscal 2015 is on top of a 3% increase in the prior year. same store sales growth at marmaxx for fiscal 2015 was driven by an increase in the average transaction with a slight increase in customer traffic. same store sales increases for home fashions were above the chain average while apparel overall was below the chain average. within apparel, jewelry and accessories and activewear were well above the average. geographically, same store sales increases were strongest in the southeast and southwest.
same store sales for marmaxx were up 3% in fiscal 2014, on top of a 6% increase in the prior year. same store sales growth at marmaxx for fiscal 2014 was driven by an increase in average ticket. we believe severe winter weather in many regions of the country, particularly in the fourth quarter, impacted our sales in fiscal 2014. same store sales were above the chain average for home fashions, and while apparel overall was below the chain average, within apparel, jewelry and accessories were well above the average. geographically, same store sales were strongest in the west coast and florida. in addition, in the third quarter of fiscal 2014 we launched our e-commerce site, tjmaxx.com.
segment margin in fiscal 2015 was 14.6%, flat compared to fiscal 2014. improvements in merchandise margin as well as a reduction in administrative costs and insurance costs as a percentage of sales were offset by the impact of our e-commerce businesses and expense deleverage, primarily occupancy costs, on the 1% same store sales growth.
28
segment margin in fiscal 2014 was 14.6%, flat compared to fiscal 2013. the 53rd week increased the fiscal 2013 segment margin by approximately 0.2 percentage points. excluding the extra week in fiscal 2013, the improvement in segment margin was primarily due to an increase in merchandise margin for fiscal 2014, despite higher markdowns taken in the fourth quarter. fiscal 2014 segment margin was reduced by 0.2 percentage points due to the impact of our e-commerce businesses but this decline in margin was largely offset by the benefit of some expense leverage and reduced incentive compensation costs as compared to the prior year.
in fiscal 2016, we expect to open approximately 70 new marmaxx stores (net of closings) and increase selling square footage by approximately 3%.
homegoods fiscal year ended dollars in millions                                        january 31,             february 1,             february 2,
2015                    2014                    2013
net sales                                                     $3,414.4                $2,993.7                $2,657.1
segment profit                                                  $463.2                  $386.5                  $324.6
segment profit as a percentage of net sales                       13.6   %                12.9   %                12.2   %
increase in same store sales                                         7   %                   7   %                   7   %
stores in operation at end of period                               487                     450                     415
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands)           9,537                   8,865                   8,210
homegoods' net sales increased 14% in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, on top of a 13% increase in fiscal 2014 when compared to fiscal 2013. the increase in fiscal 2015 reflected a 7% increase from new stores and a 7% increase from same store sales. the same store sales increase of 7% in fiscal 2015 is on top of a same store sales increase of 7% in fiscal 2014. same store sales growth in both fiscal 2015 and 2014 was driven by an increase in the value of the average transaction along with an increase in customer traffic.
segment profit margin for fiscal 2015 was 13.6%, up from 12.9% for fiscal 2014. the increase was driven by expense leverage on the 7% same store sales increase, (primarily buying and occupancy costs, and administrative costs,) as well as an increase in merchandise margins. segment profit margin for fiscal 2014 was 12.9%, up from 12.2% for fiscal 2013. the increase in fiscal 2014 was driven by expense leverage on the 7% same store sales increase, particularly buying and occupancy costs. the 53rd week increased the fiscal 2013 segment margin by approximately 0.2 percentage points.
in fiscal 2016, we plan a net increase of 40 homegoods stores and plan to increase selling square footage by approximately 8%.
29
international segments:
tjx canada fiscal year ended u.s. dollars in millions                                   january 31,             february 1,             february 2,
2015                    2014                    2013
net sales                                                     $2,883.9                $2,877.8                $2,926.0
segment profit                                                  $393.6                  $405.4                  $414.9
segment profit as a percentage of net sales                       13.6   %                14.1   %                14.2   %
increase in same store sales                                         3   %                   0   %                   5   %
stores in operation at end of period winners                                                            234                     227                     222
homesense                                                           96                      91                      88
marshalls                                                           38                      27                      14
total                                                              368                     345                     324
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands)
winners                                                          5,310                   5,196                   5,115
homesense                                                        1,824                   1,748                   1,698
marshalls                                                          914                     666                     363
total                                                            8,048                   7,610                   7,176
net sales for tjx canada in fiscal 2015 were essentially flat compared to fiscal 2014. while net sales reflected a 4% increase from new stores and a 3% increase from same store sales, these were offset by currency translation that negatively impacted sales growth by 7%. the same store sales increase of 3% in fiscal 2015 was driven by an increase in the value of the average transaction along with an increase in customer traffic. same store sales were flat in fiscal 2014. net sales for tjx canada decreased 2% in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. currency translation negatively impacted sales growth by 4 percentage points in fiscal 2014, as compared to the same period in the prior year. same store sales increased 5% in fiscal 2013.
segment profit margin decreased 0.5 percentage points to 13.6% in fiscal 2015. the decrease in segment margin was due to a decrease in merchandise margins and the unfavorable impact of mark-to-market adjustment on inventory-related derivatives, which collectively reduced segment margin by 0.8 percentage points. the decrease in merchandise margin was driven by changes in currency exchange rates which increased tjx canada's cost of merchandise purchased in u.s. dollars. we expect this increase in the cost of merchandise purchased with u.s. dollars will likely continue into fiscal 2016 based on the recent trend in currency exchange rates. the decline in the fiscal 2015 segment margin was partially offset by expense leverage on same store sales, particularly buying and occupancy costs, along with a reduction in advertising costs as a percentage of sales.
segment profit margin decreased 0.1 percentage points to 14.1% in fiscal 2014. the decrease in segment margin was due to expense deleverage on the flat same store sales, particularly occupancy and administrative costs and the absence of the 53rd week which benefited fiscal 2013 segment margin by 0.2 percentage points. these factors more than offset the year-over-year favorable impact of the mark-to-market adjustment on inventory-related derivatives of $14 million and an increase in merchandise margin.
in fiscal 2016, we plan a net increase of approximately 20 stores in canada and plan to increase selling square footage by approximately 4%.
30
tjx europe fiscal year ended u.s. dollars in millions                                   january 31,             february 1,             february 2,
2015                    2014                    2013
net sales                                                     $4,092.3                $3,621.6                $3,283.9
segment profit                                                  $337.4                  $275.5                  $215.7
segment profit as a percentage of net sales                        8.2   %                 7.6   %                 6.6   %
increase in same store sales                                         3   %                   6   %                  10   %
stores in operation at end of period t.k. maxx                                                          407                     371                     343
homesense                                                           33                      28                      24
total                                                              440                     399                     367
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands)
t.k. maxx                                                        9,109                   8,383                   7,830
homesense                                                          545                     464                     411
total                                                            9,654                   8,847                   8,241
net sales for tjx europe increased 13% in fiscal 2015 to $4.1 billion compared to $3.6 billion in fiscal 2014 on top of a 10% increase in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013. the increase in fiscal 2015 reflected an 8% increase from new store sales, 3% from same store sales and a 2% favorable impact from currency translation. the fiscal 2015 same store sales increase of 3% compares to an increase of 6% in fiscal 2014 and a 10% increase in fiscal 2013. the increase in same store sales for fiscal 2015 was driven by an increase in the value of the average transaction along with an increase in customer traffic. net sales for tjx europe increased 10% in fiscal 2014 to $3.6 billion compared to $3.3 billion in fiscal 2013. currency translation had an immaterial impact on fiscal 2014 sales growth.
segment profit increased 22% to $337.4 million for fiscal 2015, and segment profit margin increased to 8.2% compared to 7.6% in fiscal 2014. the improvement in segment margin was primarily due to an increase in merchandise margins and expense leverage on same store sales, particularly buying and occupancy costs. the increase in segment margin was also largely due to the positive impact of the mark-to-market adjustment on inventory-related derivatives. these margin improvements were partially offset by an increase in store payroll costs as a percentage of sales as well as investments in talent and research to open stores in two new countries in fiscal 2016.
segment profit increased 28% to $275.5 million for fiscal 2014, and segment margin increased to 7.6%. the improvement in segment margin was due primarily to expense leverage on strong same store sales, particularly buying and occupancy costs and a lower incentive compensation accrual. the mark-to-market adjustment on inventory-related derivatives had a negative impact of 0.3 percentage points and the 53rd week in fiscal 2013 had a negative impact of 0.2 percentage points on the year-over-year comparison of segment margin for fiscal 2014.
we expect to add approximately 50 stores (net of closings) in europe in fiscal 2015 and plan to increase selling square footage by approximately 10%.
general corporate expense:
fiscal year ended dollars in millions         january 31,             february 1,             february 2,
2015                    2014                    2013
general corporate expense   $324.4                  $329.5                  $335.0
general corporate expense for segment reporting purposes represents those costs not specifically related to the operations of our business segments. virtually all general corporate expenses are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. overall general corporate expense in fiscal 2015 decreased slightly from the prior year. this decrease reflects a favorable adjustment to our reserve for former operations in fiscal 2015 as well as
31
costs incurred in fiscal 2014 relating to our home office relocations. these reductions in general corporate expense were partially offset by an increase in stock compensation expense and higher contributions to the tjx foundation.
general corporate expense for fiscal 2014 decreased slightly from the prior year primarily due to the absence in fiscal 2014 of approximately $56 million of costs incurred in fiscal 2013. fiscal 2013 included contributions to the tjx foundation, an adjustment to our reserve for former operations and the acquisition costs of stp. this decline in general corporate expense was largely offset by increases in systems and technology costs, stock compensation and costs relating to our home office relocations.
liquidity and capital resources operating activities: net cash provided by operating activities was $3,008 million in fiscal 2015, $2,600 million in fiscal 2014 and $3,056 million in fiscal 2013. the cash generated from operating activities in each of these fiscal years was largely due to operating earnings.
operating cash flows for fiscal 2015 increased $408 million compared to fiscal 2014. net income plus the non-cash impact of depreciation provided cash of $2,804 million in fiscal 2015 compared to $2,686 million in fiscal 2014, an increase of $118 million. the change in the deferred income tax provision, which was driven by the tax treatment of the voluntary contributions to our funded pension plan of $150 million in fiscal 2015, favorably impacted fiscal 2015 operating cash flows by $50 million. the change in merchandise inventory, net of the related change in accounts payable, resulted in a use of cash of $47 million in fiscal 2015, compared to a use of cash of $117 million in fiscal 2014, favorably impacting year-over-year cash flows by $70 million. the cash flow impact of the change in inventory and accounts payable was driven by the timing of receipt and payment of merchandise purchases. the improvement in operating cash flows in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 reflects an increase in the receipt of merchandise later in the fourth quarter that will be paid for in the following fiscal year. the change in accrued expenses and other liabilities favorably impacted cash flows by $21 million in fiscal 2015 versus an unfavorable impact of $30 million in fiscal 2014. this favorable impact of $51 million in year-over-year cash flows from operations was driven by last year's payment of approximately $80 million for settlements with tax authorities reducing our fiscal 2014 reserve for uncertain tax positions. additionally, operating cash flows increased by $122 million year-over-year due to the change in income taxes payable and recoverable which is largely driven by the increase in the current tax provision.
operating cash flows for fiscal 2014 decreased $456 million compared to fiscal 2013. net income plus the non-cash impact of depreciation provided cash of $2,686 million in fiscal 2014 compared to $2,416 million in fiscal 2013, an increase of $270 million. the change in merchandise inventory, net of the related change in accounts payable, resulted in a use of cash of $117 million in fiscal 2014, compared to a source of cash of $239 million in fiscal 2013. this unfavorable impact of $356 million in year-over-year cash flow from operations was primarily due to the timing of the receipt and payment of year-end inventory. the change in accrued expenses and other liabilities unfavorably impacted operating cash flows by $30 million in fiscal 2014 versus a favorable impact of $269 million in fiscal 2013. this unfavorable impact of $299 million in year-over-year cash flow from operations reflects the change in accrued incentive compensation and a reduction in our reserve for uncertain tax positions as the result of a settlement with tax authorities. additionally, operating cash flows decreased by $165 million year-over-year due to the change in income taxes payable, which was partially offset by an increase in operating cash flows of $81 million from the change in accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and other current assets.
we have a reserve for the remaining future obligations of operations we have closed, sold or otherwise disposed of including, among others, bob's stores and a.j. wright. the majority of these obligations relate to real estate leases associated with these operations. the reserve balance was $14.6 million at january 31, 2015 and $31.4 million at february 1, 2014. the cash flows required to satisfy obligations of former operations are classified as a reduction in cash provided by operating activities. see note c to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
32
investing activities: our cash flows for investing activities include capital expenditures for the last three fiscal years as set forth in the table below:
fiscal year ended in millions                            january 31,             february 1,             february 2,
2015                    2014                    2013
new stores                                  $201.5                  $185.4                  $170.7
store renovations and improvements           266.8                   308.0                   282.7
office and distribution centers              443.2                   453.3                   524.8
capital expenditures                        $911.5                  $946.7                  $978.2
we expect that we will spend approximately $975 million on capital expenditures in fiscal 2016, including approximately $487 million for our offices and distribution centers (including buying and merchandising systems and information systems) to support growth, $277 million for store renovations and $211 million for new stores. we plan to fund these expenditures through internally generated funds.
in fiscal 2015, we purchased $431 million of investments, compared to $497 million in fiscal 2014. additionally, $388 million of such investments were sold or matured during fiscal 2015 compared to $395 million last year. this activity primarily relates to short-term investments which had initial maturities in excess of 90 days and, per our policy, are not classified as cash on the consolidated balance sheets presented.
we have entered into a lease agreement for the construction and occupancy of a new home office facility in canada. we are deemed the owner of the construction project for accounting purposes and therefore the construction costs incurred to date by the lessor of $60.7 million are included as a construction in progress asset along with a related liability of the same amount on our balance sheet. the asset is included in "land and buildings" and the liability is included in "other long-term liabilities." see note m to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
financing activities: cash flows from financing activities resulted in net cash outflows of $1,560 million in fiscal 2015, $1,144 million in fiscal 2014 and $1,476 million in fiscal 2013.
in june 2014, we issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of 2.75% seven-year notes generating proceeds, net of debt issuance expenses and fees, of $743 million. in july 2014, we used a portion of the proceeds from the 2.75% seven-year notes to redeem the $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.20% notes paying $416 million to the note holders for the present value of principal and future remaining interest payments due on the notes. in fiscal 2014, we issued $500 million of 2.5% ten-year notes generating proceeds, net of debt issuance expenses and fees, of $495 million. see note k to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
tjx repurchased and retired 27.7 million shares of its common stock at a cost of $1.7 billion during fiscal 2015, on a "trade date basis." tjx reflects stock repurchases in its financial statements on a "settlement date" or cash basis. under our stock repurchase programs, we spent $1,651 million to repurchase 27.6 million shares of our stock in fiscal 2015, $1,471 million to repurchase 27.3 million shares of our stock in fiscal 2014 and $1,345 million to repurchase 32.0 million shares of our stock in fiscal 2013. see note e to the consolidated financial statements for more information. in february 2015, we announced that our board of directors authorized an additional repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to an additional $2.0 billion of tjx stock. we currently plan to repurchase approximately $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion of stock under our stock repurchase programs in fiscal 2016. we determine the timing and amount of repurchases based on our assessment of various factors including excess cash flow, liquidity, economic and market conditions, our assessment of prospects for our business, legal requirements and other factors. the timing and amount of these purchases may change.
we declared quarterly dividends on our common stock which totaled $0.70 per share in fiscal 2015, $0.58 per share in fiscal 2014 and $0.46 per share in fiscal 2013. cash payments for dividends on our common stock totaled $466 million in fiscal 2015, $394 million in fiscal 2014 and $324 million in fiscal 2013. we also received proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $143 million in fiscal 2015, $146 million in fiscal 2014 and $134 million in fiscal 2013. we expect to pay quarterly dividends for fiscal 2016 of $0.21 per share, or an annual dividend of $0.84 per share, subject to the declaration and approval of our board of directors. this would represent a 20% increase over the per share dividends declared and paid for fiscal 2015.
33
we traditionally have funded our working capital requirements, including for seasonal merchandise, primarily through cash generated from operations, supplemented, as needed, by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. as of january 31, 2015, our cash and cash equivalents held outside the u.s. were $1.2 billion, of which $413.9 million was held in countries where we have the intention to reinvest any undistributed earnings indefinitely. we have provided for deferred u.s. taxes on all undistributed earnings of our subsidiaries in canada, puerto rico, italy, india, hong kong and australia. if we repatriate cash from such subsidiaries, we should not incur additional tax expense, but our cash would be reduced by the amount of taxes paid. for all other foreign subsidiaries, no income taxes have been provided on the undistributed earnings because such earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested in the business. we have no current plans to repatriate cash balances held by such foreign subsidiaries. we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds and our credit facilities, described in note k to the consolidated financial statements, are more than adequate to meet our operating needs over the next fiscal year.
contractual obligations: as of january 31, 2015, we had known contractual obligations (including current installments) under long-term debt arrangements, operating leases for property and equipment and purchase obligations as follows (in thousands):
payments due by period tabular disclosure of contractual obligations               total   less than                                 1-3                         3-5           more than
1 year                                  years                       years           5 years long-term debt obligations(1)                          $2,069,095   $63,840                              $128,524                    $490,493           $1,386,238
operating lease commitments(2)                          7,609,001           1,303,196                   2,254,336                   1,702,764                   2,348,705
purchase obligations(3)                                 3,094,338           2,906,035                     162,522                      21,181                       4,600
total obligations                                     $12,772,434   $4,273,071                         $2,545,382                  $2,214,438           $3,739,543
(1)   includes estimated interest costs and financing lease obligation.
(2)   reflects minimum rent. does not include costs for insurance, real estate taxes, other operating expenses and, in some cases, rentals based on a percentage of sales; these items totaled approximately one-third of the total minimum rent for fiscal 2015. does not include leases reflected in our reserve for former operations.
(3)   includes estimated obligations under purchase orders for merchandise and under agreements for capital items, products and services used in our business, including executive employment and other agreements. excludes agreements that can be cancelled without penalty.
we also have long-term liabilities for which it is not reasonably possible for us to predict when they may be paid which include $460.1 million for employee compensation and benefits and $28.1 million for uncertain tax positions.
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (gaap) which require us to make certain estimates and judgments that impact our reported results. these judgments and estimates are based on historical experience and other factors which we continually review and believe are reasonable. we consider our most critical accounting policies, involving management estimates and judgments, to be those relating to the areas described below.
inventory valuation: we use the retail method for valuing inventory for all our businesses except stp. under the retail method, the cost value of inventory and gross margins are determined by calculating a cost-to-retail ratio and applying it to the retail value of inventory. it involves management estimates with regard to markdowns and inventory shrinkage. under the retail method, permanent markdowns are reflected in inventory valuation when the price of an item is reduced. typically, a significant area of judgment in the retail method is the amount and timing of permanent markdowns. however, as a normal business practice, we have a specific policy as to when and how markdowns are to be taken, greatly reducing management's discretion and the need for management estimates as to markdowns. inventory shrinkage requires estimating a shrinkage rate for interim periods, but we take a full physical inventory near the fiscal year end to determine shrinkage at year end. historically, the variance between estimated shrinkage and actual shrinkage has not been material to our annual financial results. we do not generally enter into arrangements with vendors that provide for rebates and allowances that could ultimately affect the value of inventory.
34
impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and tradenames: we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of our long-lived assets, goodwill and tradenames at least annually and whenever events or circumstances occur that would indicate that the carrying amounts of those assets are not recoverable. significant judgment is involved in projecting the cash flows of individual stores, as well as of our business units, which involve a number of factors including historical trends, recent performance and general economic assumptions. if we determine that an impairment of long-lived assets has occurred, we record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the carrying value of those assets over the estimated fair value of the assets.
retirement obligations: retirement costs are accrued over the service life of an employee and represent, in the aggregate, obligations that will ultimately be settled far in the future and are therefore subject to estimates. we are required to make economic, demographic and other assumptions regarding variables, such as the discount rate for valuing pension obligations, the long-term rate of return assumed to be earned on pension assets and assumptions about mortality, all of which impact the net periodic pension cost for the period. these assumptions, including the discount rate, which we determine annually based on market interest rates, and our estimated long-term rate of return, which can differ considerably from actual returns, can have a significant impact on the annual cost of retirement benefits and the funded status of our qualified pension plan. if our discount rate were decreased 0.25 percentage points, our fiscal 2015 pension cost for our funded plan would have increased by approximately $6 million. similarly, an increase in the discount of rate of 0.25 percentage points would result in a reduction of pension cost of a similar amount. a change of 0.25 percentage points in our long-term rate of return would increase or decrease our fiscal 2015 pension cost by approximately $2 million. during fiscal 2015, we adjusted our assumptions relating to mortality (the expected lives of our pension participants) in light of new mortality tables issued by the society of actuaries which project longer life expectancies. the change in our mortality assumptions added $59 million to the projected benefit obligation for the funded plan as of january 31, 2015 and will add approximately $7 million to our fiscal 2016 pension cost. when the discount rate, market performance of our plan assets, changes in laws, regulations, actuarial standards or other factors have a negative impact on the funded status of our plan, our required contributions may increase. we also consider these factors in determining the amount of voluntary contributions we may make to the plan in excess of mandatory funding requirements. in fiscal 2015, we funded our qualified pension plan with a voluntary contribution of $150 million.
share-based compensation: in accordance with gaap, we estimate the fair value of stock awards issued to employees and directors under our stock incentive plan. the fair value of the awards is amortized as "share-based compensation" over the vesting periods during which the recipients are required to provide service. we use the black-scholes option pricing model for determining the fair value of stock options granted, which requires management to make significant judgments and estimates such as participant activity and market results. the use of different assumptions and estimates could have a material impact on the estimated fair value of stock option grants and the related compensation cost. a 5% increase in expected volatility would increase the per-option value of our most recent option award by 4% while a decrease of the same amount would decrease the per-option value of our most recent option award by 5%.
casualty insurance: in fiscal 2013, our casualty insurance program was changed from a fixed premium program to a self-insured program. a self-insured casualty insurance program requires us to estimate the total claims we would incur as a component of our annual insurance cost. the estimated claims are developed, with the assistance of an actuary, based on historical experience and other factors. these estimates involve significant judgments and assumptions, and actual results could differ from these estimates. if our estimate for the claims component of our casualty insurance for fiscal 2015 were to change by 5%, the fiscal 2015 pre-tax cost would increase or decrease by approximately $4 million. a large portion of these claims is funded with a non-refundable payment during the policy year, offsetting our estimated claims accrual. we had a net accrual of $14.3 million for the unfunded portion of our casualty insurance program as of january 31, 2015.
reserves for uncertain tax positions: like many large corporations, our income and other tax returns and reports are regularly audited by federal, state and local tax authorities in the united states and in foreign jurisdictions where we operate and such authorities may challenge positions we take. we are engaged in various administrative and judicial proceedings in multiple jurisdictions with respect to assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds and other tax matters, which proceedings are in various stages of negotiation, assessment, examination, litigation and settlement. the outcomes of these proceedings are uncertain. in accordance with gaap, we evaluate our uncertain
35
tax positions based on our understanding of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date, and we accrue for exposure when we believe that it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the positions we have taken will not be sustained. however, in the next twelve months and in future periods, the amounts we accrue for uncertain tax positions from time to time or ultimately pay, as the result of the final resolutions of examinations, judicial or administrative proceedings, changes in facts, law, or legal interpretations, expirations of applicable statute of limitations or other resolutions of, or changes in, tax positions may differ either positively or negatively from the amounts we have accrued, and may result in reductions to or additions to accruals, refund claims or payments for periods not currently under examination or for which no claims have been made. final resolutions of our tax positions or changes in accruals for uncertain tax positions could result in additional tax expense or benefit and could have a material impact on our results of operations of the period in which an examination or proceeding is resolved or in the period in which a changed outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.
reserves for former operations: as discussed in note c to the consolidated financial statements and elsewhere in the management's discussion and analysis, we have reserves for probable losses arising for future obligations of former operations, primarily real estate leases. we must make estimates and assumptions about the costs and expenses we will incur in connection with the future obligations of our former operations. the leases relating to a.j. wright and other former operations are long-term obligations, and the estimated cost to us involves numerous estimates and assumptions including when and on what terms we will assign the leases, or sublease the leased properties, whether and for how long we remain obligated with respect to particular leases, the extent to which assignees or subtenants will fulfill our financial and other obligations under the leases, how particular obligations may ultimately be settled and what mitigating factors, including indemnification, may exist to any liability we may have. we develop these assumptions based on past experience and evaluation of various potential outcomes and the circumstances surrounding each situation and location. actual results may differ from our current estimates, and we may decrease or increase the amount of our reserves to adjust for future developments relating to the underlying assumptions and other factors, although we do not expect any such differences to be material to our results of operations.
loss contingencies: certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued that may result in a loss to us but will not be resolved until one or more future events occur or fail to occur. our management, with the assistance of our legal counsel, assesses such contingent liabilities. such assessments inherently involve the exercise of judgment. in assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against us or claims that may result in such proceedings, our legal counsel assists us in evaluating the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or claims as well as the perceived merits of the relief sought or expected to be sought therein.
if the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, we will accrue for the estimated liability in the financial statements. if the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be reasonably estimated, we will disclose the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of the possible loss or a statement that such loss is not reasonably estimable.
recent accounting pronouncements see note a to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, for recently issued accounting standards, including the dates of adoption and estimated effects on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
36