item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we are in the business of discovering, developing, manufacturing and commercializing small molecule drugs. we use precision medicine approaches to create transformative drugs for patients with serious diseases in specialty markets. our business is focused on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, or cf, and advancing our research and early-stage development programs, while maintaining our financial strength.
we have marketed kalydeco (ivacaftor) since it was approved in 2012 for the treatment of patients six years of age and older with cf who have specific genetic mutations in their cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator, or cftr, gene. in june 2014, we announced data from two phase 3 clinical trials, referred to as traffic and transport, of lumacaftor, a cftr corrector compound, in combination with ivacaftor, a cftr potentiator compound. in traffic and transport, we evaluated the combination regimen in patients with cf twelve years of age and older who have two copies (homozygous) of the f508del mutation in their cftr gene, which is the most prevalent form of cf. in november 2014, we submitted a new drug application, or nda, to the united states food and drug administration, or fda, and a marketing authorization application, or maa, to the european medicines agency, or ema, for lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor.
cystic fibrosis our plan is to (i) continue to increase the number of patients eligible for treatment with ivacaftor, (ii) obtain marketing approval for lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor for the treatment of patients with cf twelve years of age and older who have two copies of the f508del mutation in their cftr gene and (iii) research and develop earlier-stage compounds for the treatment of cf.
ivacaftor kalydeco (ivacaftor) was approved in 2012 in the united states and european union as a treatment for patients with cf six years of age and older who have the g551d mutation in their cftr gene. our kalydeco net product revenues have been increasing over the last several years due to the increased number of patients who are being treated with kalydeco in the united states and ex-u.s. markets as we have expanded the label for kalydeco and completed reimbursement discussions for a portion of the patients eligible for treatment with kalydeco in ex-u.s markets. we expect our kalydeco net product revenues to increase further in 2015 as a result of additional label expansions and an increase in the number of patients with cf for whom reimbursement is available in ex-u.s. markets.
lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in november 2014, we submitted an nda to the fda and an maa to the ema for lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in patients with cf twelve years of age and older who are homozygous for the f508del mutation in their cftr gene. in 2015, we submitted in canada, and expect to submit in australia, regulatory applications seeking approval for lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. these regulatory applications were based on two phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor referred to as traffic and transport. all four treatment arms in traffic and transport met their primary endpoints of mean absolute improvement in percent predicted forced expiratory volume in one second, or ppfev1,  as compared to placebo.
the fda has granted us priority review of the nda and the european committee for medicinal products for human use has granted our request for accelerated assessment of the maa. the target date for the fda to complete its review of the nda for lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor under the prescription drug user fee act, or pdufa, is july 5, 2015. accordingly, we expect to begin recognizing net product revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in the united states in mid-2015. we do not expect significant net product revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor from ex-u.s. markets in 2015 due to the reimbursement discussions that will be required in these markets following the potential approval of the combination in the fourth quarter of 2015. we believe that there are approximately 22,000 patients with cf twelve years of age and older who are homozygous for the f508del mutation in north america, europe and australia, including approximately 8,500 in the united states and approximately 12,000 in europe.
vx-661 in combination with ivacaftor in 2015, we initiated a phase 3 development program for vx-661 in combination with ivacaftor in patients with cf twelve years of age and older, including patients who are homozygous for the f508del mutation in their cftr gene and patients who have one copy of the f508del mutation in their cftr gene (heterozygous).
next-generation cftr corrector compounds we also are seeking to identify and develop next-generation cftr corrector compounds that could be evaluated in future dual- and/or triple-combination treatment regimens with the potential to provide additional benefits to patients with cf. we have multiple next-generation correctors in the lead-optimization stage of research and expect to begin clinical development of a next-generation corrector in 2015.
research and early-stage development we are engaged in a number of other research and early-stage development programs, including programs in the areas of oncology and neurology. we plan to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines with a focus on cf and other genetic diseases, oncology and neurology. we believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years.
hcv infection in 2012 and 2013, we recognized significant net product revenues based on sales of incivek (telaprevir), a product for the treatment of genotype 1 hcv infection that we marketed in north america. in october 2013, in response to declining sales of incivek and increased competition, we reduced our focus on marketing incivek and eliminated the u.s. field-based sales force that had been promoting incivek. we have withdrawn incivek from the market in the united states, and we expect to wind-down any remaining activities relating to the field of hcv infection in 2015.
in addition, we incurred an intangible asset impairment charge of $412.9 million in the first quarter of 2013 related to vx-222 a drug candidate for the treatment of hcv infection. in the fourth quarter of 2014, we provided notice of termination of our collaboration with alios biopharma, inc., or alios, related to the development of hcv nucleotide analogues. our financial statements reflect the activities related to alios as discontinued operations.
drug discovery and development discovery and development of a new pharmaceutical product is a difficult and lengthy process that requires significant financial resources along with extensive technical and regulatory expertise and can take 10 to 15 years or more. potential drug candidates are subjected to rigorous evaluations, driven in part by stringent regulatory considerations, designed to generate information concerning efficacy, side-effects, proper dosage levels and a variety of other physical and chemical characteristics that are important in determining whether a drug candidate should be approved for marketing as a pharmaceutical product. most chemical compounds that are investigated as potential drug candidates never progress into development, and most drug candidates that do advance into development never receive marketing approval. because our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. this process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors.
if we believe that data from a completed registration program support approval of a drug candidate, we submit an nda to the fda requesting approval to market the drug candidate in the united states and seek analogous approvals from comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions. to obtain approval, we must, among other things, demonstrate with evidence gathered in nonclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials that the drug candidate is safe and effective for the disease it is intended to treat and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls for the manufacture of the drug candidate are adequate. the fda and foreign regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in deciding whether or not a drug candidate should be granted approval based on the benefits and risks of the drug candidate in the treatment of a particular disease, and could delay, limit or deny regulatory approval. if regulatory delays are significant or regulatory approval is limited or denied altogether, our financial results and the commercial prospects for the drug candidate involved will be harmed.
regulatory compliance our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations. we have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. among other laws, regulations and standards, we are subject to various u.s. federal and state laws, and comparable foreign laws pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims statutes, and laws prohibiting the promotion of drugs for unapproved or off-label uses. anti-kickback laws make it illegal for a prescription drug manufacturer to solicit, offer, receive or pay any remuneration to induce the referral of business, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug. false claims laws prohibit anyone from presenting for payment to third-party payors, including medicare and medicaid, claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. we expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer and expand these compliance programs globally.
reimbursement sales of our products depend, to a large degree, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed health care organizations. we dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the united states and ex-u.s. markets. if lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor is approved, in the united states we will engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations, along with government health programs that are typically managed by authorities in the individual states. in europe and many other foreign countries, we will need to focus on obtaining and maintaining government reimbursement for lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor on a country-by-country basis, because in many foreign countries patients are unable to access prescription pharmaceutical products that are not reimbursed by their governments. consistent with our experience with kalydeco when it was first approved, we expect reimbursement discussions in ex-u.s. markets may take a significant period of time following obtaining marketing approval for the combination therapy.
results of operations operating costs and expenses                                          1,272,827               1,821,983               1,480,315       (549,156      )           (30   )%         341,668             23          %
net loss attributable to vertex net loss attributable to vertex has been affected by increasing kalydeco net product revenues, rapidly declining incivek net product revenues and royalty revenues, significant intangible asset impairment charges, inventory write-offs, restructuring charges and income (loss) from discontinued operations during the three year period ended december 31, 2014.
comparison of net loss attributable to vertex 2014 vs. 2013
net loss attributable to vertex was $738.6 million in 2014 compared to net loss attributable to vertex of $445.0 million in 2013. our revenues decreased in 2014 as compared to 2013 due to a $442.3 million decrease in incivek revenues, a $166.1 million decrease in collaborative revenues and a $115.7 million decrease in royalty revenues, partially offset by a $92.5 million increase in kalydeco revenues. our operating costs and expenses decreased in 2014 as compared to 2013 primarily due to an intangible asset impairment charge related to vx-222 of $412.9 million recorded in 2013 and decreases in cost of product revenues, royalty expenses, research and development expenses and sales, general and administrative expenses. in 2014, the $45.2 million loss reflected in other items, net was primarily due to interest expense associated with the leases for our corporate headquarters. in 2013 the $106.4 million gain reflected in other items, net was primarily due to a benefit from income taxes we recorded related to the vx-222 impairment charge. the income (loss) from discontinued operations in 2014 and 2013 related to a collaboration with alios that was terminated in 2014. in 2015, we expect that our net income (loss) will be largely dependent on the timing of potential regulatory approval of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in the united states and on our success in commercializing this combination therapy following the potential approval.
comparison of net loss attributable to vertex 2013 vs. 2012
net loss attributable to vertex was $445.0 million in 2013 compared to net loss attributable to vertex of $107.0 million in 2012. our revenues decreased in 2013 as compared to 2012 due to a $695.5 million decrease in incivek net product revenues partially offset by a $199.6 million increase in kalydeco net product revenues and a $165.7 million increase in collaborative revenues. our operating costs and expenses increased in 2013 as compared to 2012 primarily due to an intangible asset impairment charge related to vx-222 of $412.9 million recorded in 2013 and an increase research and development expenses, partially offset by a decrease in sales, general and administrative expenses and an aggregate of $133.2 million in cost of product revenues related to charges for excess and obsolete incivek inventories that we incurred in 2012. the income (loss) from discontinued operations in 2013 and 2012 related to a collaboration with alios that was terminated in 2014.
common shares outstanding our shares of outstanding common stock increased by 8.0 million shares from 233.8 million shares on december 31, 2013 to 241.8 million shares on december 31, 2014 due to our issuance in 2014 of approximately 8.0 million shares of common stock pursuant to our employee equity programs. our shares of outstanding common stock increased by 16.5 million shares from 217.3 million shares on december 31, 2012 to 233.8 million shares on december 31, 2013 due to our issuance in 2013 of approximately 8.3 million shares of common stock upon conversion of our convertible senior subordinated notes and 8.2 million shares of common stock issued pursuant to our employee equity programs.
stock-based compensation stock-based compensation expense was $177.5 million, $126.8 million and $113.8 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. our stock-based compensation expense has been increasing due to the increase in our stock price and the associated increase in the grant-date fair value of equity awards.
collaborative revenues        51,675                 217,738                  52,086       (166,063      )           (76   )%         165,652             318         %
our total net product revenues have been decreasing on an annual basis due to significant decreases in incivek (telaprevir) net product revenues partially offset by increases in kalydeco (ivacaftor) net product revenues. in 2015, we expect net product revenues to increase due to (i) expected increases in kalydeco net product revenues and (ii) potential net product revenues in the second half of 2015 in the united states from sales of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor.
we began marketing kalydeco in the united states and certain international markets in 2012. in 2014, the fda approved multiple label expansions for kalydeco, and in july 2014 we obtained the first label expansion for kalydeco in the european union. in 2014, kalydeco net product revenues were $463.8 million, including $201.4 million of net product revenues from ex-u.s. markets, compared to kalydeco net product revenues of $371.3 million, including $154.7 million of net product revenues from ex-u.s. markets in 2013. the increase in kalydeco net product revenues in 2014, compared to 2013, was primarily due to additional patients being treated with kalydeco as we completed reimbursement discussions in various jurisdictions and increased the number of patients eligible to receive kalydeco through label expansions. in 2015, we expect further increases in kalydeco net product revenues as we continue to increase the number of patients that are treated with kalydeco.
incivek net product revenues were $24.1 million in 2014, a significant decrease from $466.4 million in 2013. we have withdrawn incivek from the market in the united states, and we do not expect significant incivek net product revenues in future periods.
we believe our total net product revenues for 2015 will be dependent on the timing of potential regulatory approval of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in the united states and on our success in commercializing this combination therapy following the potential approval. we submitted an nda to the fda and an maa to the ema for lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in november 2014. the target date for the fda to complete its review of the nda under pdufa is july 5, 2015. accordingly, we expect to begin recognizing net product revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in the united states in mid-2015. we do not expect significant net product revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in 2015 from ex-u.s. markets due to the reimbursement discussions that will be required in these markets following the potential approval of the combination in the fourth quarter of 2015.
royalty revenues our royalty revenues were $40.9 million, $156.6 million and $141.5 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. since the beginning of 2014, our royalty revenues have consisted of (i) revenues related to a cash payment we received in 2008 when we sold our rights to certain hiv royalties and (ii) revenues related to certain third-party royalties payable by our collaborators on sales of hiv drugs and telaprevir that also result in corresponding royalty expenses. in 2012 and 2013, we received significant royalties from janssen nv based on incivo (telaprevir) net product sales. our rights to receive royalties on incivo sales ended at the beginning of 2014, and janssen nv currently has a fully-paid license to market incivo in its territories, subject to the continued payment of certain third-party royalties.
collaborative revenues our collaborative revenues have fluctuated significantly on an annual basis. this variability has been due to, among other things: the recognition of payments from janssen inc. related to our outlicense of vx-787 in 2014; the 2013 amendment of our collaboration agreement with janssen nv that resulted in significant collaborative revenues in 2013; and revenues we received from services we provided to janssen nv and mitsubishi tanabe through our third-party manufacturing network in 2012.
the table presented below is a summary of our collaborative revenues for 2014, 2013 and 2012:
collaborative revenues:
total collaborative revenues     $51,675              $217,738             $52,086
in 2014, the majority of our collaborative revenues related to $35.0 million in payments we received from janssen inc. related to our outlicense of vx-787.
in 2013, we recognized $203.4 million in janssen nv collaborative revenues, which were primarily attributable to the $152.0 million payment we received pursuant to our amendment to the janssen nv collaboration agreement. these collaborative revenues also included the acceleration of the remaining deferred revenues related to the up-front payment we received from janssen nv in 2006. in 2014, our collaborative revenues from janssen nv decreased to $7.1 million, and we do not expect significant collaborative revenues from janssen nv in future periods.
collaborative revenues from cfft decreased from $14.3 million in 2013 to $6.5 million in 2014 due to the completion of the reimbursable research activities pursuant to our collaboration with cfft in february 2014. collaborative revenues from cfft decreased slightly in 2012 as compared to 2013. we do not expect significant collaborative revenues from cfft in future periods.
in 2012, we recognized $9.6 million in collaborative revenues related to a one-time payment that we received from mitsubishi tanabe in 2009 and recognized over a period of time, and also recognized revenues related to manufacturing services we provided to mitsubishi tanabe through our third-party manufacturing network. we have not recognized any collaborative revenues from mitsubishi tanabe since the first half of 2012 and will not recognize any future collaborative revenues pursuant to our collaboration agreement with mitsubishi tanabe.
operating costs and expenses cost of product revenues                           $39,725                 $88,979                $236,742          $(49,254     )          (55   )%           $(147,763     )           (62    )%
research and development expenses                  855,506                 882,097                 765,905           (26,591     )           (3   )%             116,192         15              %
intangible asset impairment charges                      -                 412,900                       -          (412,900     )         (100   )%             412,900                 n/a total costs and expenses                        $1,272,827              $1,821,983              $1,480,315         $(549,156     )          (30   )%            $341,668         23              %
cost of product revenues our cost of product revenues includes the cost of producing inventories that corresponded to product revenues for the reporting period, plus the third-party royalties payable on our net sales of kalydeco and incivek. in 2014, cost of product revenues consisted primarily of third-party royalties for kalydeco. pursuant to our agreement with cfft, our tiered third-party royalties on kalydeco, and lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, if approved, calculated as a percentage of net sales, range from the single digits to the sub-teens. in 2015, we expect our cost of product revenues to increase as compared to 2014 due to increased net product revenues, together with an increase in the third-party royalty rate payable to cfft as we begin to pay royalties at the top end of the royalty range.
cost of product revenues in 2013 and 2012 included an aggregate of $10.4 million and $133.2 million, respectively, in write-offs for excess and obsolete inventories.
our cost of product revenues decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of decreased product revenues and the charges incurred in 2013 for excess and obsolete incivek inventories and a $9.3 million commercial milestone payment to cfft that was reflected in cost of product revenues in 2013. our cost of product revenues decreased in 2013 compared to 2012 due to decreased product revenues and the charges incurred for excess and obsolete incivek inventories that we incurred in 2012.
royalty expenses royalty expenses include third-party royalties payable upon net sales of telaprevir by our collaborators and royalty expenses related to a subroyalty payable to a third party on net sales of an hiv protease inhibitor sold by glaxosmithkline. royalty expenses in 2014 decreased by $20.0 million, or 49%, as compared to 2013 as a result of decreased incivo sales by janssen nv. royalty expenses in 2013 decreased slightly compared to 2012. our royalty expenses in future periods will be dependent on our collaborators' net sales of telaprevir in their territories. our royalty expenses with respect to telaprevir and the hiv protease inhibitor are offset by corresponding royalty revenues.
research and development expenses development expenses                          598,023               648,446               552,355       (50,423       )            (8   )%              96,091                17     %
total research and development expenses      $855,506              $882,097              $765,905       $(26,591      )            (3   )%            $116,192                15     %
our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. we do not assign our internal costs, such as salary and benefits, stock-based compensation expense, laboratory supplies and other direct expenses and infrastructure costs, to individual drugs or drug candidates, because the employees within our research and development groups typically are deployed across multiple research and development programs. these internal costs are significantly greater than our external costs, such as the costs of services provided to us by clinical research organizations and other outsourced research, which we allocate by individual program. all research and development costs for our drugs and drug candidates are expensed as incurred.
over the past three years, we have incurred $2.5 billion in research and development expenses associated with drug discovery and development. the successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. in addition, the duration of clinical trials may vary substantially according to the type, complexity and novelty of the drug candidate and the disease indication being targeted. the fda and comparable agencies in foreign countries impose substantial requirements on the introduction of therapeutic pharmaceutical products, typically requiring lengthy and detailed laboratory and clinical testing procedures, sampling activities and other costly and time-consuming procedures. data obtained from nonclinical and clinical activities at any step in the testing process may be adverse and lead to discontinuation or redirection of development activities. data obtained from these activities also are susceptible of varying interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. the duration and cost of discovery, nonclinical studies and clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project and are difficult to predict. therefore, accurate and meaningful estimates of the ultimate costs to bring our drug candidates to market are not available.
in 2013 and 2014, costs related to our cf programs represented the largest portion of our development costs. in 2012, our hcv programs represented the largest portion of our development costs. additionally, any estimates regarding development and regulatory timelines for our drug candidates are highly subjective and subject to change. in november 2014, we submitted an nda to the fda and an maa to the ema for lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. the target date for the fda to complete its review of the nda under pdufa is july 5, 2015. accordingly, if we obtain approval on a timely basis, we expect to begin recognizing net product revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in the united states in mid-2015. we do not expect significant net product revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in 2015 from ex-u.s. markets due to the reimbursement discussions that will be required in these markets following the potential approval of the combination in the fourth quarter of 2015. we cannot make a meaningful estimate when, if ever, our other clinical development programs will generate revenues and cash flows.
salary and benefits                                 $82,975               $80,957               $72,811          $2,018                 2     %           $8,146                11     %
outsourced services                                  17,401                20,169                13,983          (2,768     )         (14    )%            6,186                44     %
over the past three years we have maintained a substantial investment in research activities resulting in a 10% increase in research expenses in 2014 as compared to 2013 and a 9% increase in research expenses in 2013 as compared to 2012. we expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates for specialty markets.
development expenses development expenses:
salary and benefits                                $161,718              $167,945              $146,250           $(6,227     )          (4   )%           $21,695                15     %
outsourced services                                 197,743               238,906               203,600           (41,163     )         (17   )%            35,306                17     %
total development expenses                         $598,023              $648,446              $552,355          $(50,423     )          (8   )%           $96,091                17     %
our development expenses decreased by $50.4 million, or 8%, in 2014 as compared to 2013 and increased by $96.1 million, or 17%, in 2013 as compared to 2012. the decrease in 2014 compared to 2013 was principally due to decreased outsourced services expenses and drug supply costs, partially offset by increased stock-based compensation expense. the significant decrease in outsourced services expenses in 2014 was largely attributable to decreased clinical trial expenses resulting from the completion of the traffic and transport clinical trials in the first half of 2014. we expect our development expenses for outsourced activities to increase in 2015 as compared to 2014 due to activities related to clinical trials, including the phase 3 clinical development program for vx-661 in combination with ivacaftor.
the increased development expenses in 2013 in comparison to 2012 were principally due to the expansion of clinical development programs in cf, including the conduct of the phase 3 program for the combination of lumacaftor and ivacaftor, and increased drug supply costs primarily related to lumacaftor.
sales, general and administrative expenses decreased by 14% in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to decreased headcount following our october 2013 restructuring activities. sales, general and administrative expenses decreased by 18% in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to decreased incivek commercial expenses and our october 2013 restructuring activities, partially offset by increased kalydeco commercial expenses.
restructuring expense in 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded restructuring expenses of $50.9 million, $40.5 million and $1.8 million, respectively. our restructuring expenses in 2014 primarily related to the relocation of our corporate headquarters in massachusetts to boston from cambridge. our restructuring expenses in 2013 primarily related to our october 2013 reduction in headcount. as of december 31, 2014, our accrued restructuring liability related to our lease obligations in cambridge was $45.0 million. these lease obligations primarily expire on december 31, 2015 and april 30, 2018.
intangible asset impairment charges in 2013, we recorded a $412.9 million impairment charge related to vx-222, a non-nucleoside hcv polymerase inhibitor. in connection with this impairment charge, we recorded a credit of $127.6 million in our provision for income taxes, resulting in a net effect on net loss attributable to vertex related to this impairment charge of $285.3 million in 2013. there were no corresponding intangible asset impairment charges recorded related to continuing operations in 2014 or 2012.
in 2013, we recorded a $250.6 million impairment charge related to the alios hcv nucleotide analogue program and a benefit for income taxes of $102.1 million that is included in loss from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interest for 2013.
other items, net interest expense, net in 2014, 2013 and 2012, interest expense, net was $72.9 million, $22.9 million and $15.0 million, respectively. the increase in interest expense in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to interest expense of $60.2 million associated with the leases for our corporate headquarters and interest expense of $10.4 million related to the $300.0 million we borrowed in july 2014 pursuant to our credit agreement. the increase in interest expense, net in 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to interest expense associated with the leases for our corporate headquarters commencing in the fourth quarter of 2013.
other income (expense), net in 2014, net other income was $30.4 million primarily due to a credit of $36.7 million related to a one-time cash payment we received in 2014 from our landlord pursuant to leases for our corporate headquarters. in 2013, we recorded net other income of $6.9 million primarily related to foreign exchange gains. in 2012, our net other income was not significant.
income taxes in 2014, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $7.0 million. in 2013, we recorded a benefit from income taxes of $122.4 million. this benefit from income taxes was primarily due to a benefit of $127.6 million related to our impairment charge for the vx-222 intangible asset. in 2012, our benefit from income taxes was not significant.
discontinued operations as of september 30, 2014, we concluded that we no longer had significant continuing involvement with alios, a variable interest entity that we consolidated from june 2011 through december 2013.  as a result, the effect of the alios collaboration is presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations.
in 2014, we recorded a loss from discontinued operations attributable to vertex of $0.9 million.  in 2013, we recorded income from discontinued operations of $58.6 million and in 2012 we recorded a loss from discontinued operations of $139.3 million.  our income (losses) from discontinued operations in these periods related to gains and losses due to the deconsolidation of alios, an intangible asset impairment charge, a benefit from income taxes related to this charge and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration we estimated alios would receive under the collaboration agreement. for additional information regarding the alios collaboration please refer to "critical accounting policies and estimates - collaborations; variable interest entities."
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2014, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $1.39 billion, which represented a decrease of $78.0 million from approximately $1.47 billion as of december 31, 2013. this decrease was due to cash expenditures we made during 2014 related to, among other things, research and development expenses and sales, general and administrative expenses and $132.9 million for capital expenditures, largely offset by cash receipts from product sales, $300.0 million we borrowed pursuant to a credit agreement we entered into in the third quarter of 2014, $274.6 million in cash we received from issuances of common stock pursuant to employee benefit plans, the payments of $35.0 million that we received from janssen inc. and a one-time cash payment of $36.7 million from our landlord pursuant to the terms of the leases for our corporate headquarters. we expect to continue to incur losses on a quarterly basis until we can substantially increase revenues as a result of potential future regulatory approvals, the timing of which are uncertain.
sources of liquidity we intend to rely on our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities together with cash flows from product sales as our primary source of liquidity. our cash flows from product sales have decreased on an annual basis during each of the past two years. in the near-term, we expect cash flows from sales of kalydeco to increase as we continue to increase the number of patients that are treated with kalydeco. if we obtain approval on a timely basis, we expect to begin recognizing net product revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in the united states in mid-2015. we do not expect significant net product revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in 2015 from ex-u.s. markets due to the reimbursement discussions that will be required in these markets following the potential approval of the combination in the fourth quarter of 2015.
we have borrowed $300.0 million under a credit agreement that we entered into in the third quarter of 2014 and, subject to certain conditions, we may request up to an additional $200.0 million pursuant to that credit agreement. in recent periods, we also have received significant proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee benefit plans, but the amount and timing of future proceeds from employee benefits plans is uncertain. other possible sources of liquidity include strategic collaborative agreements that include research and/or development funding, commercial debt, public and private offerings of our equity and debt securities, development milestones and royalties on sales of products, software and equipment leases, strategic sales of assets or businesses and financial transactions. negative covenants in our credit agreement may prohibit or limit our ability to access these sources of liquidity.
future capital requirements we incur substantial operating expenses to conduct research and development activities and operate our organization. in addition, we must repay the principal amount on the $300.0 million we borrowed in the third quarter of 2014 as follows: $15.0 million in the second half of 2015, $105.0 million in 2016 and $180.0 million in 2017. we also have substantial facility and capital lease obligations, including leases for two buildings in boston, massachusetts that continue through 2028. we expect that cash flows from kalydeco together with our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. the adequacy of our available funds to meet our future operating and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the amounts of future revenues generated by kalydeco, potential revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, and the potential introduction or one or more of our other drug candidates to the market, and the number, breadth, cost and prospects of our research and development programs.
financing strategy in the third quarter of 2014, we borrowed $300.0 million pursuant to a credit agreement. in addition, subject to certain conditions, we may request that the lenders loan us up to an additional $200.0 million under the credit agreement. although we do not have any plans to do so in the near term, we may raise additional capital through public offerings or private placements of our securities. in addition, we may raise additional capital through securing new collaborative agreements or other methods of financing. we will continue to manage our capital structure and to consider all financing opportunities, whenever they may occur, that could strengthen our long-term liquidity profile. negative covenants in our credit agreement may prohibit or limit our ability to obtain future financing and there can be no assurance that any such financing opportunities will be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
contractual commitments and obligations the following table sets forth our commitments and obligations as of december 31, 2014:
facility operating leases, excluding fan pier leases        48,589                65,503             28,538                  78,612                         221,242
capital lease obligations                                   20,792                27,383             16,074                  -                               64,249
research, development and drug supply costs                 20,717                     -             -                       -                               20,717
our future minimum commitments under our kendall square lease are included in "facility operating leases, excluding fan pier leases." we have entered into three subleases for a portion of the rentable square footage at the kendall square facility to offset our on-going contractual lease obligations. the future minimum committed income from the subleases is $11.4 million for 2015, $30.7 million for 2016 and 2017 and $5.1 million for 2018, including amounts related to a sublease executed in february 2015. these amounts are not offset against our obligations set forth in the table above.
the table also reflects leases of equipment, leasehold improvements and software licenses that are accounted for as capital leases.
senior secured term loan in july 2014, we entered into a credit agreement with the lenders party thereto, and macquarie us trading llc, or macquarie, as administrative agent. the credit agreement provides for a $300.0 million senior secured term loan. the interest rate under the term loan is subject to adjustment and the table above assumes a mid-2015 approval of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. the company includes estimates for interest in "senior secured term loan", which are equivalent to management's expectations for the probable outcome of variable interest rates that are dependent on various future events and market interest rates.
research, development and drug supply costs
"research, development and drug supply costs," does not include certain payments we are obligated to make to clinical research organizations, or cros because these contracts are cancelable, at our option, with notice. however, we historically have not cancelled such contracts. as of december 31, 2014, we had accrued $22.4 million related to these contracts for costs incurred for services provided through december 31, 2014, and we have approximately $96.9 million in cancelable future commitments based on existing contracts as of december 31, 2014. these amounts reflect planned expenditures based on existing contracts and do not reflect any future modifications to, or terminations of, existing contracts or anticipated or potential new contracts.
collaborative arrangements we have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental, regulatory and/or commercial targets. our obligation to fund these efforts is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause the discontinuance of the programs. pursuant to our collaboration with bioaxone, bioaxone has the potential to receive up to $90.0 million including a license continuation fee and development and regulatory milestone payments; and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on future product sales, if any. we also have royalty and milestone obligations to the cfft. contingent payments under these agreements become due and payable only upon achievement of certain milestones and are not included in the contractual obligations table above.
tax-related obligations we exclude liabilities pertaining to uncertain tax positions from our summary of contractual obligations as we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities. as of december 31, 2014, we have $0.9 million of liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. as of december 31, 2014, we cannot reasonably estimate the amount we expect to pay within the next twelve months in connection with such settlements.
other funding commitments our table detailing contractual commitments and obligations does not include severance payment obligations to certain of our executive officers in the event of a not-for-cause employment termination under existing employment contracts. we provide information regarding these obligations annually in our proxy statement for our annual meeting of shareholders.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. these items are monitored and analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. changes in estimates are reflected in reported results for the period in which the change occurs. we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from our estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate.
we believe that our application of the following accounting policies, each of which requires significant judgments and estimates on the part of management, are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results:
•   revenue recognition;
•   collaborations and variable interest entities;
•   research and development accruals;
our accounting policies, including the ones discussed below, are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, including note a, "nature of business and accounting policies," included in this annual report on form 10-k.
revenue recognition product revenues, net we generate product revenues from sales in the united states and in international markets. we sell our products principally to a limited number of specialty pharmacy providers and selected regional wholesalers in north america as well as government-owned and supported customers in international markets, collectively, our customers. our customers in north america subsequently resell our products to patients and health care providers. separately, we have arrangements with numerous third-party payors in north america that provide for government-mandated and privately-negotiated rebates, chargebacks and discounts. we recognize net product revenues from sales of our products upon delivery to our customers as long as:
•   there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists between us and our customer;
in order to conclude that the price is fixed or determinable, we must be able to calculate our gross product revenues from our customers and reasonably estimate our net product revenues. our gross product revenues are based on the fixed price for our products that we charge our customers. we estimate our net product revenues by deducting from our gross product revenues (i) trade allowances, such as invoice discounts for prompt payment and customer fees, (ii) estimated government and private payor rebates, chargebacks and discounts, (iii) estimated reserves for expected product returns and (iv) estimated costs of incentives offered to certain indirect customers, including patients. we make significant estimates and judgments that materially affect our recognition of net product revenues. changes in our estimates of net product revenues could have a material effect on net product revenues recorded in the period in which we determine that change occurs.
in certain instances, we may be unable to reasonably conclude that the price is fixed or determinable at the time of delivery, in which case we defer the recognition of revenues. once we are able to determine that the price is fixed or determinable, we recognize the revenues associated with the units in which revenue recognition was deferred.
the value of the rebates, chargebacks and discounts provided to third-party payors per course of treatment vary significantly and are based on government-mandated discounts and our arrangements with other third-party payors. typically, government-mandated discounts in the united states and canada are significantly larger than discounts provided to other third-party payors in those countries. in order to estimate our total rebates, chargebacks and discounts, we estimate the percentage of prescriptions that will be covered by each third-party payor, which is referred to as the payor mix. we track available information regarding changes, if any, to the payor mix for our products, to our contractual terms with third-party payors and to applicable governmental programs and regulations and levels of our products in the distribution channel. we adjust our estimated rebates, chargebacks and discounts based on new information, including information regarding actual rebates, chargebacks and discounts for our products, as it becomes available. claims by third-party payors for rebates, chargebacks and discounts frequently are submitted to us significantly after the related sales, potentially resulting in adjustments in the period in which the new information becomes known.
we have withdrawn incivek from the market in the united states. as of december 31, 2014, we maintained a reserve of approximately $16.2 million for government rebates for incivek. there typically is no deadline by which government payors must submit claims, and as a result we expect to monitor this reserve at least through 2016. if an adjustment to this reserve is required, we expect it would be reflected as either an increase or decrease to net product revenues in the period in which the adjustment is made.
our customers generally have the right to return unopened unprescribed packages subject to contractual limitations. to date returns have been minimal and, based on inventory levels held by our customers and our distribution model, we believe that returns of products will continue to be minimal. we track actual returns by individual production lots and will continue to monitor inventory levels in the distribution channel. if necessary, we will adjust our estimated product returns based on new information as it becomes available.
collaborative revenues we recognize revenues generated through collaborative research, development and/or commercialization agreements. the terms of these agreements typically include payment to us of one or more of the following: nonrefundable, up-front license fees; development and commercial milestone payments; funding of research and/or development activities; payments for services we provide through our third-party manufacturing network; and royalties on net sales of licensed products. each of these types of payments results in collaborative revenues, except for revenues from royalties on net sales of licensed products, which are classified as royalty revenues.
for each collaborative research, development and/or commercialization agreement that results in revenues, we determine (i) whether multiple deliverables exist, (ii) whether the undelivered elements have value to the customer on a stand-alone basis, (iii) how the deliverables should be separated and (iv) how the consideration should be allocated to the deliverables. for arrangements entered into or materially modified after january 1, 2011, we allocate consideration in an arrangement using the relative selling price method based on our best estimate of selling price of deliverables if we do not have vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence. as part of the accounting for these agreements, we must develop assumptions that require judgment to determine the best estimate of selling price. we utilize key assumptions to determine the best estimate of selling price, which may include patient enrollment requirements from regulatory authorities, development timelines, reimbursement rates for personnel costs, discount rates, and estimated third-party development costs.
in the fourth quarter of 2013, we amended our collaboration agreement with janssen nv, and were required to make significant estimates regarding (i) the determination of whether or not the agreement was materially modified and (ii) the estimated selling price for the remaining telaprevir development activities. we recognized $182.4 million of collaborative revenues pursuant to the collaboration agreement in the fourth quarter of 2013. this amount was primarily attributable to (i) the new consideration received from janssen nv, including the $152.0 million fourth quarter 2013 payment and the remaining deferred revenues related to the 2006 up-front payment less (ii) our best estimate of selling price for the remaining telaprevir development activities. as of december 31, 2014, the remaining deferred revenue balance related to janssen nv was not material.
intangible assets we maintain an indefinite-lived in-process research and development asset on our consolidated balance sheet until either the research and development project underlying it is completed or the asset becomes impaired. when we determine that an asset has become impaired or we abandon a project, we write down the carrying value of the related intangible asset to its fair value and take an impairment charge in the period in which the impairment occurs.
we assess the fair value of assets, including intangible assets such as in-process research and development assets, using a variety of methods, including present-value models that are based upon multiple probability-weighted scenarios involving the development and potential commercialization of the acquired drug candidates. the present-value models require us to make significant assumptions regarding the estimates that market participants would make in evaluating a drug candidate, including the probability of successfully completing clinical trials and obtaining regulatory approval to market the drug candidate, the timing of and the expected costs to complete in-process research and development projects, future net cash flows from potential drug sales, which are based on estimates of the sales price of the drug, the number of patients who will be diagnosed and treated and our competitive position in the marketplace, and appropriate discount and tax rates.
we test our intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis as of october 1, and more frequently if indicators are present or changes in circumstance suggest that impairment may exist. events that could result in an impairment, or trigger an interim impairment assessment, include the receipt of additional clinical or nonclinical data regarding our drug candidate or a potentially competitive drug candidate, changes in the clinical development program for a drug candidate or new information regarding potential sales for the drug. in connection with each annual impairment assessment and any interim impairment assessment, we compare the fair value of the asset as of the date of the assessment with the carrying value of the asset on our consolidated balance sheet.
in 2013, we incurred intangible asset impairment charges of $412.9 million and $250.6 million related to continuing operations and discontinued operations, respectively, that related to drug candidates for the treatment of hcv infection. as of december 31, 2014, we had $29.0 million of indefinite-lived intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet related to a vie.
collaborations; variable interest entities our collaborations require us to apply accounting policies that involve significant judgments and that have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. under applicable accounting guidance, as a result of the relationships established through collaboration agreements, our collaborators may be deemed to be variable interest entities, or vies, our licenses may result in a variable interest in collaborators as a whole and our being the primary beneficiary of vies. as a result, we are required to consolidate vies financial statements into our financial statements for the period during which we have a variable interest in the vie and are the vie's primary beneficiary, and if we later determine that we no longer have a variable interest or are no longer the primary beneficiary we are required to deconsolidate the vie. in addition, if we determine that we no longer have significant continuing involvement with a vie, its operations and direct expenses incurred by us are reflected in our discontinued operations presentation.
we believe that the following effects of the consolidation and deconsolidation of vies on our consolidated financial statements are the most significant:
•   beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014, we are consolidating all of bioaxone's expenses and revenues into our consolidated statements of operations, eliminating all intercompany balances and transactions. as of december 31, 2014, our consolidated balance sheet includes bioaxone's balances.
•   as of september 30, 2014, we concluded that we no longer had significant continuing involvement with alios due to our intent and ability to terminate the alios agreement, which we terminated during the fourth quarter of 2014; therefore, the operations of alios, including collaboration expenses reimbursed by vertex are presented as discontinued operations for the periods presented in these consolidated financial statements.
•   in 2013, the deconsolidation of alios resulted in a gain of $68.2 million attributable to vertex. the $68.2 million gain was approximately equal to the difference between (i) losses we recorded in 2011 and 2012 based on increases in the fair value of contingent milestone payments and royalties payable by us to alios and (ii) the aggregate of $120.0 million in up-front and milestone payments that we made to alios pursuant to the alios collaboration.
•   in each period, we recorded net loss (income) attributable to the alios noncontrolling interest. this net loss (income) reflected alios' net loss (income) for the period as adjusted for gains and losses in the fair value of the contingent milestone payments and royalties payable by us to alios. determining the fair value of the contingent milestone payments and royalties payable by us to alios required us to make significant estimates regarding the probability and potential timing of achieving each of the milestones pursuant to the agreement, future potential net sales of the hcv nucleotide analogues licensed from alios and appropriate discount and tax rates. these net losses (income) attributable to the alios noncontrolling interest are included in loss from discontinued operations for 2012 and 2013.
research and development accruals research and development expenses, including amounts funded through research and development collaborations, are expensed as incurred. when third-party service providers' billing terms do not coincide with our period-end, we are required to make estimates of our obligations to those third parties, including clinical trial and pharmaceutical development costs, contractual services costs, costs for drug supply, marketing expenses and infrastructure expenses incurred in a given accounting period and record accruals at the end of the period. we base our estimates on our knowledge of the research and development programs, services performed for the period, experience with related activities and the expected duration of the third-party service contract, where applicable.
commercial supplies and inventories we began capitalizing the costs of our kalydeco inventories on january 1, 2012 and the costs of our lumacaftor inventories on july 1, 2014. we capitalize inventories produced in preparation for initiating sales of a drug candidate when the related drug candidate is considered to have a high likelihood of regulatory approval and the related costs are expected to be recoverable through sale of the inventories. in determining whether or not to capitalize such inventories, we evaluate, among other factors, information regarding the drug candidate's safety and efficacy, the status of regulatory submissions and communications with regulatory authorities and the outlook for commercial sales, including the existence of current or anticipated competitive drugs and the availability of reimbursement. in addition, we evaluate risks associated with manufacturing the drug candidate and the remaining shelf life of the inventories. after we begin capitalizing inventories, we perform an assessment of the recoverability of capitalized inventory during each reporting period, and write down any excess and obsolete inventories to their net realizable value in the period in which the impairment is first identified.
in 2013 and 2012, following periodic assessments of the recoverability of our inventories, we recorded within cost of product revenues an aggregate of $10.4 million and $133.2 million, respectively in charges primarily related to excess and obsolete incivek inventories based on our analysis of our inventory levels in relation to our commercial outlook for incivek. as of december 31, 2014, all of our inventories are related to kalydeco and lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. periodic assessments of the recoverability of capitalized costs involve significant estimates and judgments on the part of management.
income taxes we maintain a valuation allowance on our net operating losses and other deferred tax assets because we have an extended history of annual losses. our u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards totaled approximately $3.6 billion as of december 31, 2014. on an annual basis, we reassess the valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets. after consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset as of december 31, 2014 because it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. in future periods, if we determine that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized, (i) the valuation allowance would be decreased, (ii) a portion or all of the deferred tax asset would be reflected on our consolidated balance sheet and (iii) we would record non-cash benefits in our consolidated statements of operations related to the reflection of the deferred tax asset on our consolidated balance sheet.
leases in 2011, we entered into two leases for our corporate headquarters. our corporate headquarters were built during the period from 2011 through december 2013. we lease our corporate headquarters pursuant to leases that expire in 2028, subject to our right to extend the leases for an additional 10 years. because we were involved in the construction project, we were deemed for accounting purposes to be the owner of the buildings during the construction period. accordingly, we recorded project construction costs incurred by the landlord as an asset and a related financing obligation in "property and equipment, net" and "construction financing lease obligation," respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
upon completion of the construction of the buildings, we evaluated the leases and determined that the leases did not meet the criteria for "sale-leaseback" treatment. accordingly, we depreciate the asset and incur interest expense related to the financing obligation recorded on our balance sheet. we bifurcate our lease payments pursuant to the leases into (i) a portion that is allocated to the buildings and (ii) a portion that is allocated to the land on which the buildings were constructed. the portion of the lease obligations allocated to the land is treated as an operating lease. in connection with the leases for our corporate headquarters, in 2015, we expect to incur approximately $60 million in interest expense, $13 million in depreciation expense and $7 million in operating expenses.
restructuring expenses we have adopted several plans to restructure our facility operations for which we have incurred restructuring expenses in the three years ended december 31, 2014. in particular, in 2014, we recorded $50.9 million in costs associated with exit and disposal activities related to the relocation of our headquarters in massachusetts from cambridge to boston and maintained a liability related to these activities of $33.4 million as of december 31, 2014. our initial estimate of our liabilities for net ongoing costs associated with these facility obligations are recorded at fair value. in estimating the expenses and liabilities related to these facilities, we utilize probability-weighted discounted cash-flows of our ongoing lease obligations. in estimating the expense and liability under our lease obligations, we estimate (i) the costs to be incurred to satisfy rental and build-out commitments under the lease (including operating costs), (ii) the lead-time necessary to sublease the space, (iii) the projected sublease rental rates and (iv) the anticipated durations of subleases. we use a credit-adjusted risk-free rate to discount the estimated cash flows.
we review our estimates and assumptions on at least a quarterly basis. we intend to continue such reviews until the termination of these facility lease obligations and will make whatever modifications we believe are necessary, based on our best judgment, to reflect any changed circumstances. our estimates have changed in the past, and may change in the future, resulting in additional adjustments to the estimate of these liabilities. changes to our estimate of these liabilities are recorded as additional restructuring expenses (credits). in addition, because our estimate of these liabilities includes the application of a discount rate to reflect the time-value of money, we record imputed interest costs related to these liabilities each quarter. these costs are included in restructuring expenses on our consolidated statements of operations.
recent accounting pronouncements refer to note a, "nature of business and accounting policies," in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. there were no new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2014 that had a material effect on our financial statements.