Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems, and a cyber attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies makes them vulnerable to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. These systems have been and are expected to continue to be the target of malware and other cyber attacks. Abbott has invested in its systems and the protection of its data to reduce the risk of an invasion or interruption and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future interruptions or breakdowns to any of the systems on which Abbott relies, which could have a significant effect on Abbott's business. The company has committed substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development, which is essential for remaining competitive and launching new products and technologies. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. The development process includes extensive testing to demonstrate that the product meets specified design requirements and that the design specifications conform to user needs and intended uses. In the diagnostics segment, Abbott is working on the development of next-generation blood screening, hematology, and immunochemistry instrument systems, as well as assays in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, oncology, and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug or medical device can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues, and in substantial additional costs. Abbott's industry is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims laws. Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect Abbott's business. Abbott's businesses have experienced downward pressure on product pricing, and cost containment efforts by governments and private organizations could cause a reduction in future revenues and operating income. Abbott's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company focuses on building its product portfolio with the introduction of new science-based products, expanding in high-growth emerging markets, and implementing additional margin improvement initiatives. The strategic management practices employed by Abbott are designed to enhance operational efficiency and align with evolving business strategies, thereby supporting the company's ability to respond to market dynamics and competitive pressures effectively.