We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure, and data security. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems and the potential value of our data make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may pose a risk that sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets, or personal information belonging to the company, its patients, customers, or other business partners, may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. As a global biotechnology company, our systems are subject to frequent cyber-attacks, which are growing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware and key loggers, a denial-of-service attack, a malicious website, and the use of social engineering and other means to affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information technology systems, infrastructure, and data. Our key business partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. Although we continue to invest heavily in the protection of our critical or sensitive data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent or detect service interruptions or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to us. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. We expect that our products will compete with new drugs currently in development, drugs currently approved for other indications that may later be approved for the same indications as those of our products, and drugs approved for other indications that are used off-label. We operate in a highly competitive environment and expect to face increasing competition in the future. Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures may affect our profitability. Legislative or regulatory changes that decrease the coverage or reimbursement available for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are required to conduct clinical trials to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective for use in humans. The results of those clinical trials are used as the basis to obtain approval from regulatory authorities. We also face risks relating to the reporting of pricing data that affects the reimbursement of and discounts provided for our products to U.S. government healthcare programs. Pricing data that we submit impacts the payment rates for providers, rebates we pay, and discounts we are required to provide under Medicare, Medicaid, and other government drug programs. We are committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing, and delivering innovative human therapeutics. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company have enabled us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities to deliver value to patients and shareholders. We continue to focus on collaborating with innovators and value-creating business development activities to expand our approach to deliver significant impact for patients and advance programs where there remains high unmet medical need.