We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, with many competitors in different industries, including retail, e-commerce services, digital content, and electronic devices. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and/or greater brand recognition, which may allow them to secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. Our expansion places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources, increasing the complexity of our business and placing significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation of e-commerce and other services, and limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers, and our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship completed orders may be negatively affected by various external factors. Our ability to optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers is critical; failure to do so could result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or data center capacity, increased costs, or harm to our business. We may experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, and our revenue and operating profit growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our sellers. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add employees and technology infrastructure. Our technology costs consist principally of research and development activities, including payroll and related expenses for employees involved in application, production, maintenance, operation, and platform development for new and existing products and services. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments while operating at an ever-increasing scale. Our technology infrastructure costs consist of servers, networking equipment, and data center-related depreciation, rent, utilities, and payroll expenses, and these costs are allocated to segments based on usage. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. Our ability to implement, maintain, and develop the components of our commercial relationships, which may include web services, fulfillment, customer service, inventory management, tax collection, payment processing, hardware, content, and third-party software, is essential for our operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation. We face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy, as we experience occasional system interruptions and delays that can prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties. Our reliance on third parties for technology and systems, including encryption and authentication technology, adds another layer of complexity and risk to our operations.