We are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity and data leakage. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our systems. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue and possibly increase in frequency. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and information technology to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance, however, that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. Our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical, and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical research and development, governmental regulation, and commercialization. Competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense. The failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect our ability to successfully develop and commercialize products. We also may not be able to successfully realize the expected efficiencies and effectiveness from changes in our structure and operations to further our diversified specialty biopharmaceuticals strategy. Our revenues increased as a result of recently launched products and continued sales growth, partially offset by competitive pressures resulting from exclusivity losses and other factors. We may not be able to consistently maintain a rich pipeline through internal R&D programs or transactions with third parties to support future revenue growth. We have entered into several arrangements which entitle us to potential royalties from third parties for out-licensed intellectual property, commercialization rights, and sales-based contingent proceeds related to the divestiture of businesses. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners, and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products, manage certain marketing, selling, human resource, finance, information technology, and other business unit and functional services. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on the company's operations and results. We are focusing our efforts and resources in certain disease areas. We are developing new medicines in core therapeutic areas and pioneering innovative medicines in immuno-oncology. We continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines covering a broad array of cancers and have entered into several collaboration agreements to research and develop oncology agents in combination regimens. Our strategic priorities are to drive business performance, maintain leadership in immuno-oncology, maintain a diversified portfolio, and continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation.