Our business is sensitive to general economic conditions, which can affect demand for our products and services, limiting the financing available to our customers and suppliers, and increasing order cancellations. We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. We must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories. Our success will depend on several factors, including our ability to correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences, allocate our research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects, and successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. We have implemented multiple, significant restructuring activities across our businesses to adjust our cost structure, which could slow improvements in our products and services and adversely affect our ability to respond to customers. Our restructuring actions could have long-term adverse effects on our business, and delays in implementing planned restructuring activities or other productivity improvements may diminish the operational or financial benefits we expect to realize. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations. Our ability to grow revenues, earnings, and cash flow at or above our historic rates depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies. We are also subject to various laws regulating fraud and abuse, pricing and sales and marketing practices in the health care industry and the privacy and security of health information, which may require us to incur significant expenses. The company’s operations, products, and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health, and safety liabilities, costs, and violations that could adversely affect our reputation and financial statements. The company is subject to various regulations that have tended to become more stringent over time and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions, which could reduce demand for our products or services or increase our expenses. Our ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals will depend on many factors, including our ability to obtain the necessary clinical trial results. We cannot assure you that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by employees, agents, or business partners that would violate laws, including those governing data privacy. Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation, and failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our financial statements and reputation.