This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding our expectations and beliefs about the future conduct and growth of our business, including our investment in information technology infrastructure and privacy and security capabilities. We expect to continue to invest significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, as well as in our information technology infrastructure. Our growth strategy depends on our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we transition to more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, which are critical for protecting personal customer information and data. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We have devoted significant resources to develop products and services for users of alternative devices, but the versions of our products developed for these devices may not be compelling to users. If we are slow to develop products and technologies that are compatible with these alternative devices, or if our competitors achieve those results more quickly, we may fail to capture a significant share of the market for online services. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions daily, and effective processing systems and controls are essential to ensure that transactions are handled appropriately. We rely on our network and data center infrastructure and internal technology systems for many of our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments to meet existing, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various events, including natural disasters and cyber attacks. We are in the process of migrating our applications and infrastructure to new data centers and to third-party hosted environments. If we do not execute this transition effectively, we may experience unplanned service disruptions or unforeseen increases in costs which may harm our operating results. We have also started to increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties for the distribution of certain of our product offerings. Our growth is dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and leverage new and existing relationships. We rely on various third-party partners in many areas of our business to deliver our offerings and operate our business. The failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high-quality products, services, and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits and damage our reputation.