The payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, which can impact our business in several ways. Technological changes, including continuing developments of technologies in the areas of smart cards and devices, contactless and mobile payments, e-commerce, and cryptocurrency and blockchain technology, could result in new technologies that may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our programs and services. Moreover, these changes could result in new and innovative payment methods and programs that could place us at a competitive disadvantage and reduce the use of Mastercard products. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, as well as by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. We rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. The inability of these companies to keep pace with technological developments, or the acquisition of these companies by competitors, could negatively impact Mastercard offerings. Our ability to develop evolving systems and products may be inhibited by any difficulty we may experience in attracting and retaining technology experts. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. We routinely are subject to cyber-threats, and our technologies, systems, and networks have been subject to cyber-attacks. Because of our position in the payments value chain, we believe that we are likely to continue to be a target of such threats and attacks. Additionally, geopolitical events and resulting government activity could also lead to information security threats and attacks by affected jurisdictions and their sympathizers. Our risk and exposure to these matters remain heightened due to the evolving nature of these threats, our plans to continue to implement our digital and mobile channel strategies, and our extensive use of third-party vendors. Information security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. We maintain an information security program, a business continuity program, and insurance coverage, and our processing systems incorporate multiple levels of protection to address or mitigate these risks. However, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer losses in the future. Our transaction processing systems and other offerings may experience interruptions due to disasters, including technology malfunctions, fire, weather events, power outages, telecommunications disruptions, and other catastrophic events. We rely on third-party service providers for the timely transmission of information across our global data network, and inadequate infrastructure in lesser-developed markets could also result in service disruptions. Our ability to keep pace with technological developments or otherwise bring to market products that reflect these technologies is critical to our success. Failure to do so could lead to a decline in the use of our products, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.