Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if we fail to introduce new products or services that users find engaging or if we introduce new products or services that are not favorably received. We are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is interesting, useful, and relevant to them. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services. The occurrence of any of these or other factors could result in a reduction in demand for our ads, which may reduce the prices we receive for our ads, or cause marketers to stop advertising with us altogether, either of which would negatively affect our revenue and financial results. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. We are dependent on the interoperability of Facebook and our other products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly software engineers, designers, and product managers, is critical to our success. Our business is highly competitive, and we face significant competition in every aspect of our business. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to establish and maintain developers' interest in building mobile and web applications that integrate with Facebook and our other products. Our products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors or vulnerabilities, our business could be adversely affected. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. As our user base and engagement continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy the needs of our users. We may not be successful in maintaining or developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks, or standards. Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from natural disasters or other catastrophic events. Our products and internal systems depend on the ability of such software to store, retrieve, process, and manage immense amounts of data. Any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects discovered in the software on which we rely could result in damage to our reputation, loss of users, loss of revenue, or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results.