Our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies, is essential for attracting and retaining memberships. The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change, with various economic models underlying distribution channels, including subscription and transactional models. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing, and distribution of original programming, which can help differentiate our service from others and enhance our brand. As we expand internationally, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs, and differing legal and regulatory environments. We are developing technology and utilizing third-party cloud computing services to scale our streaming service effectively and reliably. Our technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining, and modifying our user interface, recommendation, merchandising, and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. We have built our own global content delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Our agreements with various cable, satellite, and telecommunications operators are crucial for making our service available through their television set-top boxes. If we are unable to maintain existing and create new relationships with device partners, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, or other impediments, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service, and any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business, including the technology developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize fails or operates improperly, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members, and add new members may be impaired. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber-attacks that could result in unauthorized disclosure of data or theft of intellectual property. We have implemented systems and processes to protect our data and systems, but any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of memberships and adversely affect our business and results of operation. Our investments in original content require more cash upfront relative to licensed content, and we expect to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which could impact our liquidity and result in future negative free cash flows. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. We face risks related to unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license, and distribute through our service. Our ability to provide our members with content depends on studios, content providers, and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. If these entities are not willing or able to license us content upon acceptable terms, our ability to stream content to our members will be adversely affected.