The company faces operational risk, which is the potential for loss due to inadequate or failed internal processes, systems, and firms or exchanges handling client orders, or from external events and relationships impacting the company and/or any of its key business partners and vendors. This risk also includes the risk of human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those used for asset management, capital planning and management, risk management, stress testing and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, terrorist attacks, natural disaster, power outage, capacity constraints, software flaws and similar events. The company is committed to an ongoing process of upgrading, enhancing, and testing its technology systems, which is focused on meeting client needs, market and regulatory changes, and deploying standardized technology platforms. The company's operations are highly dependent on the integrity of its technology systems, and the company's success depends, in part, on its ability to make timely enhancements and additions to its technology in anticipation of evolving client needs. The company maintains policies and procedures and technology to protect against fraud and unauthorized access to systems and data. Despite the company's risk management efforts, it is not always possible to deter or prevent technological or operational failure, or fraud or other misconduct, and the precautions taken by the company may not be effective in all cases. The company also faces operational risk when it employs the services of various external vendors, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. The company has established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The operational risk oversight committee provides oversight of and approves operational risk management policies, risk tolerance levels, and operational risk governance processes. The company is actively engaged in the research and development of new technologies, services, and products. The company has designed and implemented a security program that knits together complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data. The company continuously monitors the systems and works collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. The company has specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and uses periodic risk self-assessments and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. The company also maintains backup and recovery functions, including facilities for backup and communications, and conducts periodic testing of disaster recovery plans. The company's management believes that the integration of technology into its operations is essential for enhancing operational efficiency and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. The company has incurred and will continue to incur significant additional costs and expend a significant amount of time as it develops and integrates appropriate systems and procedures, and then monitors, supports, and refines those systems and procedures. The company’s ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon its ability to attract new employees and retain existing employees while managing compensation costs. The company's ability to develop and launch new products, services, and capabilities in a timely and successful manner is critical for maintaining its market leadership position. The company is also dependent on the integrity and performance of securities exchanges, clearing houses, and other intermediaries to which client orders are routed for execution and settlement. Systems failures and constraints and transaction errors at such intermediaries could result in delays and erroneous or unanticipated execution prices, causing substantial losses for the company and for its clients.