We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. We expect this competition will continue to increase from large competitors and from smaller competitors serving niche markets, and also from emerging companies, particularly in Asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products. We require significant investments to develop new technologies and products that meet changing customer demands, and we might not realize a return on our investments because they are generally made before commercial viability can be assured. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. In addition, when responding to customers' requests for shorter shipment lead times, we manufacture products based on forecasts of customers' demands. These forecasts are based on multiple assumptions. If we inaccurately forecast customer demand, we may hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches of our information technology systems. Breaches of our information technology systems could be caused by computer viruses, unauthorized access, sabotage, vandalism or terrorism. These breaches could compromise our information technology networks and could result in unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information, cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations, result in release of employee personal data, or cause us to incur increased information technology protection costs, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. We actively enforce and protect our own intellectual property rights. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be adequate to prevent misappropriation or improper use of our protected technology. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, data privacy and protection; compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive, and if we fail to comply or if we become subject to enforcement activity, our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business could be restricted and we could be subject to fines, penalties or other legal liability. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to develop and license new intellectual property. Access to worldwide markets depends in part on the continued strength of our intellectual property portfolio. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations.