We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Our franchised center locations also are reliant on the use of information technology systems to manage their business processes and activities. The continued deployment of technology improvements, including several facility automation projects and the accelerated deployment of our on-road integrated optimization and navigation system, should increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility, and reliability. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, malicious insiders, telecommunication failures, user errors, or catastrophic events. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for a long time. Any of these occurrences could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, and litigation and potential liability for the company. We have continued to undertake several initiatives to improve the flexibility and capacity in our transportation network, improve yield management, and increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to changing trends. We have experienced solid growth in e-commerce, which has been one of the few bright spots for retailers, as growth in digital sales far outpaced traditional brick-and-mortar retailers. We have made significant capital investments in technology, including technology enhancements and new vehicle orders to support volume growth. Our adjustments to our air and ground networks to better match volume levels and the utilization of technology to increase package sorting and delivery efficiency have resulted in productivity improvements. We believe that funds from operations and borrowing programs will provide adequate sources of liquidity and capital resources to meet our expected long-term needs for the operation of our business, including anticipated capital expenditures. The impact of new laws, regulations, and policies cannot be predicted, and compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. We may be required to increase our spending on data and system security, and the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data or system protection measures could be significant. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the UPS brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. Service quality issues, actual or perceived, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers to use other companies. We have been and may be required in the future to recognize increased depreciation and amortization charges if we determine that the useful lives of our fixed assets or intangible assets are shorter than we originally estimated. We may face significant competition which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected.