We provide our financial institution clients with a global payments infrastructure and support services for the delivery of visa-branded payment products, including credit, debit, and prepaid. Our business performance reflects the impacts of continued uneven economic growth. We continue to explore additional opportunities to enhance our competitive position by expanding the scope of payment solutions we provide. The global payments industry is intensely competitive, and our payment programs compete against all forms of payment, including cash, checks, electronic, ecommerce, virtual currencies, and mobile payments. Our clients can reassess their commitments to us at any time or develop their own competitive services. The Dodd-Frank Act increased this competitive pressure, and the risk to maintaining or securing our clients' long-term commitments to our products increased with the Dodd-Frank Act's restrictions on network exclusivity in the debit sector. We face intense pressures on client pricing, and to stay competitive, we offer incentives to our clients to increase payments volume, enter new market segments, and expand their visa-branded card base. We have continued to increase the use of incentives such as up-front cash payments and fee discounts in many countries, including the U.S. The economic pressures on our clients arising from the Dodd-Frank Act have also increased our use of incentives. As a result, the provision of certain products and services may be less profitable or become unprofitable, which may materially and adversely affect our revenues and profits. We may also have to modify existing agreements to maintain relationships or comply with regulations. We depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support and compete effectively for our programs and services. Our ability to attract and retain account holders and financial institution clients to visa-branded products depends highly upon the external perceptions of our company and our industry's quality of service, use and protection of account holder data, regulatory compliance, financial condition, corporate responsibility, and other factors. We may face differing rules and regulations in matters like interchange reimbursement rates, preferred routing, domestic processing requirements, currency conversion, point of sale transaction rules and practices, privacy, and data use or protection. We are subject to regulation in the areas of consumer privacy and data use and security. Privacy, data use, and security continue to receive heightened legislative and regulatory focus in the U.S. and elsewhere. Our financial institution clients around the globe are subject to similar requirements under privacy laws and bank regulatory regimes. We are also subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act and the Patriot Act. The use of our products and our revenues could decline if we cannot keep pace with rapid technological developments to provide new and innovative payment programs and services or comply with new laws and regulations. Rapid, significant technological changes continue to confront the payments industry. We cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business. Our ability to adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide standards, new laws and regulations, resistance to change from clients or merchants, or third parties' intellectual property rights. If we are unable to develop new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards, it could reduce the use of our products and harm our business.