Our business depends upon the successful development and commercialization of drug candidates. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We utilize key assumptions to determine the best estimate of selling price, which may include patient enrollment requirements from regulatory authorities, development timelines, reimbursement rates for personnel costs, discount rates, and estimated third-party development costs. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We have expanded and are continuing to expand our global operations and capabilities, which has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management and our operational, research and development and financial infrastructure. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. In the course of our business, we collect, store and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems makes such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters, floods or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and subject us to both private and governmental causes of action. We have implemented security measures in an attempt to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with a disruption to our information technology systems. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not be able to acquire, in-license or otherwise obtain rights to additional drugs, drug candidates or other technologies on acceptable terms or at all. Our strategy is to supplement our internal pipeline by acquiring rights to additional drugs, drug candidates and other technologies that have the potential to provide us with new commercial opportunities. We are subject to numerous foreign regulatory requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing authorization, pricing and third-party reimbursement. Our business is focused on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis and advancing our research and development programs in other indications, while maintaining our financial strength. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines. We believe that a significant portion of the value attributed to our company by investors is based on the commercial potential of our products. Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability depends on the extent to which we can increase our revenue and control our costs in order to counter any unforeseen difficulties, complications or other unknown factors that may impair future revenue or require additional expenditures.