Abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. The company intends to continue to advance its mission in a number of ways, including growing revenues through continued strong performance from its existing portfolio of on-market products, including its flagship brands, and pipeline products. Abbvie expects to achieve its revenue growth objectives through driving biologic penetration across disease categories, increasing market leadership, strong commercial execution, and expansion to new indications. The company remains committed to driving continued expansion of gross and operating margins and expects to achieve this objective through productivity initiatives in supply chain, ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing, commercial infrastructure, administrative costs, and general corporate expenses. Abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The company’s pipeline currently includes more than 50 compounds or indications in clinical development individually or under collaboration or license agreements and is focused on important medical specialties. Abbvie's financial performance in 2015 reflected continued funding in support of its emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline assets, continued investment in growth brands, and the global launch of its interferon-free HCV treatment. The acquisition of Pharmacyclics is expected to accelerate Abbvie's clinical and commercial presence in oncology, strengthen its pipeline, and establish a leadership position in hematological oncology. The acquisition will also accelerate Abbvie's revenue and earnings growth and further diversify its revenue base. The company generated cash flows from operations that enabled it to pay cash dividends to shareholders, repurchase shares in the open market, and enhance its pipeline through licensing and collaboration activities. Abbvie anticipates several regulatory submissions and key data readouts from key clinical trials in 2016. The company also continues to monitor economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers, and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad. Abbvie regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans, and establishes an allowance against accounts receivable when it is probable they will not be collected. The company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements, and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support its growth objectives. Abbvie's operational efficiencies and strategic resource allocation are expected to enhance its capability to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands effectively. The company’s focus on innovation and strategic management practices is integral to its ability to leverage technology resources and capabilities to achieve competitive advantage and operational efficiency.