During the twelve months ended June 30, 2015, we more narrowly focused our attention on our global human capital management (HCM) strategy, which reflects the strength of our underlying business model and our success in the market. Our commitment to service excellence lies at the core of our relationship with each of our clients, and we believe our success in HCM requires deep expertise and outstanding service to help our clients not just manage their employees, but build better workforces. Our business strategy is based on strategic pillars predicated on our ability to drive innovation and service excellence, and attract, build, and retain the right talent to position ADP as the global market leader in HCM services. We invest to grow and scale our HR business process outsourcing solutions by leveraging our platforms and processes, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our increased focus on product development and the high demand for additional HCM solutions, including products that assist businesses in complying with the Affordable Care Act, led our salesforce to deliver exceptionally strong new business bookings. Systems development and programming costs increased due to increased investment and costs to develop, support, and maintain our products, partially offset by a higher proportion of capitalized costs of our strategic projects. The increase in expenses is primarily related to labor-related costs to support our growing revenues and an increase in selling expenses as we experienced traction from our increased focus on product development. Our worldwide client revenue retention rate remained strong at 91.4% in fiscal 2015. We continue to enhance value to our shareholders, and in fiscal 2015, we paid dividends and returned cash through our share buyback program. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of $1.7 billion. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, good margins, and the ability to generate consistent, healthy cash flows. Our investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments, which is supported by our short-term financing arrangements necessary to satisfy short-term funding requirements relating to client funds obligations. The increase in cash flows provided by operating activities from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 was due to the sale of notes receivable related to our dealer services financing arrangements and lower pension contributions. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the committed reverse repurchase agreements to borrow, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the available funds. Our overall investment portfolio is comprised of corporate investments and client funds assets, with a focus on safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification. We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments.