We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our acquisition program and our integration efforts are meeting our expectations. Integration costs include costs related to transactions not expected to occur on an ongoing basis in the future once we fully assimilate the applicable acquisition with our IT related systems. The increase in operating expense in 2015 compared to 2014 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses, outside consulting fees, and other expenses associated with the acquisitions completed in 2015. Our brokerage segment is primarily comprised of retail and wholesale brokerage operations. Our retail brokerage operations negotiate and place property/casualty, employer-provided health and welfare insurance and retirement solutions, principally for middle-market commercial, industrial, public entity, religious and not-for-profit entities. Our wholesale brokerage operations assist our brokers and other unaffiliated brokers and agents in the placement of specialized, unique and hard-to-place insurance programs. We expect that our international revenue will continue to grow as a percentage of our total revenues, given the number and size of the non-U.S. acquisitions that we completed in recent years. We are engaged in providing insurance brokerage and third-party property/casualty claims settlement and administration services to entities in the U.S. and abroad. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees and supplemental and contingent commissions from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. In both 2015 and 2014, 32% of our total revenues were generated internationally in our combined brokerage and risk management segments. We expect international revenues to be approximately the same percentage of total revenues for the combined brokerage and risk management segments in 2016. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to favorable timing differences in the payment of accrued liabilities and an increased amount of non-cash charges in 2015 compared to 2014, partially offset by cash used in 2015 in the production and sale of refined coal at the plants qualified to receive refined coal tax credits under IRC Section 45. We anticipate our clean energy investments will generate between $110.0 million and $124.0 million of net earnings in 2016. We believe that these investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows for the period 2015 through 2021. Our credit agreement provides for a revolving credit commitment of up to $600.0 million, which we may use for acquisitions, earnout payments related to acquisitions, and general corporate purposes. The increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2015 was adversely impacted by an unrealized foreign currency measurement loss and an increase in acquisition-related integration costs. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. The increase in compensation expense in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to an increase in the average number of employees, salary increases, one-time compensation payments, and increases in incentive compensation linked to our overall operating results. The increase in operating expense in 2015 was due to increases in technology expenses, which reflect our ongoing commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities and supporting our business processes.