Applied's strategic priorities for fiscal 2016 include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. The mobility trend remains the largest influence on industry spending, driving device manufacturers to continually improve their ability to deliver high-performance, low-power processors and affordable solid-state storage in a small form factor. Applied's results are driven primarily by worldwide demand for semiconductors, which in turn depends on end-user demand for electronic products. Each of Applied's businesses is subject to cyclical industry conditions, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies, solar PVS, and other electronic devices, as well as other factors, such as global economic and market conditions, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes. Applied's broad range of equipment and service products are highly technical and are sold primarily through a direct sales force. The competitive environment for silicon systems in fiscal 2015 reflected continued investment by semiconductor manufacturers. Memory manufacturers increased investments in technology upgrades and additional capacity. Foundry investments reflected demand for new technology as customers ramp wafer starts at advanced nodes to meet demand for advanced mobile chips, but decreased primarily due to customers managing excess inventory, improving yields, and re-using equipment. Applied's investments in research, development, and engineering are critical to maintaining a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. Management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in R&D to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied's investment in technology to allow access to new market opportunities or emerging technologies is essential for transforming business performance and enhancing operational efficiency. The applied global services segment encompasses integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, remanufactured earlier generation equipment, and factory automation software for semiconductor, display, and solar products. Customer demand for products and services is fulfilled through a global distribution system with trained service engineers located in close proximity to customer sites. Industry conditions that affected Applied Global Services' sales of spares and services during fiscal 2015 were principally semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts, as well as utilization rates. Applied's ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored to changing business needs and directions. Applied's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.