This report includes forward-looking statements based on the company's current assumptions, expectations, and projections about future events. The company's strategic geographic and industry diversification, along with its mix of products and services, have helped to limit the potential adverse impact of unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company established records for operating income, operating income margins, net income, and diluted earnings per share, with contributions from recent acquisitions and successful operational excellence initiatives positively impacting results. The company emphasizes investment in research, development, and engineering, spending $200.8 million in 2015 before customer reimbursement, directed toward the development of new products and processes and the improvement of existing products and processes. The company expects the challenging global economic environment across many of its markets and geographies to continue. The company recorded realignment costs totaling $36.6 million, primarily related to reductions in workforce in response to the impact of the weak global economy on certain of its businesses. The expected annualized cash savings from the realignment costs is anticipated to be approximately $90 million. The company’s operational excellence initiatives have contributed to an increase in segment operating income and operating margins, which resulted primarily from the benefits of these initiatives. The company’s acquisitions and internal sales growth have driven improvements in operating income and margins. The company maintains strong international sales presences in Europe and Asia, with total international sales for 2015 being $2,054.7 million or 51.7% of net sales. The company has a revolving credit facility that provides additional financial flexibility to support its growth plans, including its successful acquisition strategy. The company believes it has sufficient cash-generating capabilities from domestic and unrestricted foreign sources, available credit facilities, and access to long-term capital funds to meet its operating needs and contractual obligations in the foreseeable future. The company has established reserves which are sufficient to perform all known responsibilities under existing claims and consent orders related to environmental matters. The company assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets, taking into consideration the company's forecast of future taxable income and available tax planning strategies. The company is committed to investing in research, development, and engineering activities to design and develop new and improved products, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage in the market. The company’s operational excellence initiatives and strategic acquisitions are integral to enhancing its IT capabilities, which have evolved to support business strategies and enhance operational efficiency. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities underscores its commitment to transforming into a competitive force in the market. The company’s operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are critical in responding to market dynamics and ensuring organizational effectiveness. The company’s focus on innovation and technology deployment is vital for achieving performance gains and aligning with business strategy.