We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances in technology, we are investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices. We are also investing in AWS, which offers a broad set of global compute, storage, database, and other service offerings to developers and enterprises of all sizes. The increase in North America segment operating income in absolute dollars in 2015, 2014, and 2013, compared to the comparable prior year periods, is primarily due to increased unit sales, including sales by marketplace sellers, partially offset by increased levels of operating expenses to expand our fulfillment capacity and spending on technology infrastructure. The increase in technology and content costs in absolute dollars in 2015, 2014, and 2013, compared to comparable prior year periods, is primarily due to increased spending on technology infrastructure principally allocated to our AWS segment, and an increase in payroll and related costs associated with expanding our products and services. We seek to expand our fulfillment capacity to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers. Our technology costs consist principally of research and development activities including payroll and related expenses for employees involved in application, production, maintenance, operation, and platform development for new and existing products and services, as well as AWS and other technology infrastructure expenses. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. Our technology infrastructure costs consist of servers, networking equipment, and data center related depreciation, rent, utilities, and payroll expenses. These costs are allocated to segments based on usage. In 2015, 2014, and 2013, we expanded our technology infrastructure principally by increasing our capacity for AWS service offerings globally, compared to the comparable prior year periods. Additionally, the costs associated with operating and maintaining our expanded infrastructure have increased over time, corresponding with increased usage. We expect these trends to continue over time as we invest in technology infrastructure to support increased usage. We believe that our increasing diversification beyond the U.S. economy through our growing international businesses benefits our shareholders over the long-term.