We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our extensible operating system (EOS) has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We expect to continue rapidly growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions and as they expand their cloud networks. We intend to continue to invest in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. Our sales organization is supported by systems engineers with deep technical expertise and responsibility for pre-sales technical support and engineering for our end customers. We believe that our future success will depend on many factors, including our ability to expand sales to our existing customers as well as to add new end customers. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we must continue to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform to succeed in our market. We are also currently engaged in lawsuits with Cisco, our largest competitor, whereby they claim that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We believe that one of our greatest strengths lies in our rapid development of new features and applications. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We plan to continue to invest in our network of channel partners to enable them to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support effectively. Our ability to sustain our revenue growth will depend, in part, upon our continued sales of more complex and higher-performance configurations of our products. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on various factors, including sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, the average sales price of our offerings, and the mix of products sold. We believe that the market for cloud networking is still in the early stages of adoption and we intend to continue investing for long-term growth.