The company operates through two reporting segments: interconnect products and assemblies, and cable products and solutions, with a significant portion of its sales derived from information technology and communication devices and systems for converging technologies of voice, video, and data communications. The company encounters competition in its markets and competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely basis to its multinational customers. The company’s strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one-to-three-year period. The sales growth was driven by increases in the automotive, mobile devices, industrial, and information technology and data communications equipment markets, with contributions from both organic growth and the company’s acquisition program. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, pursuing broad diversification and developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by expanding its global presence and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company reported net sales of $5,568.7 million in 2015, an increase of 4% from the previous year, with sales in the interconnect products and assemblies segment increasing 5%. Sales to the information technology and data communications market increased primarily due to growth in products for server, web, and data center applications. The company’s ability to generate cash from operations is a fundamental financial strength, providing significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, and dividends. The company’s investment in modern manufacturing technologies and focus on controlling costs contribute to its operational efficiency. The company’s strategic management practices include evaluating its technology portfolio and aligning its resources to support business needs and enhance operational flexibility. The company’s governance contexts and strategic resource allocation are designed to leverage its IT capabilities effectively, ensuring that it can respond to market dynamics and consumer demands. The company’s performance metrics reflect its commitment to improving operational efficiency and maintaining competitive positioning in the market. The company’s investments in technology management and process optimization are aimed at enhancing its capabilities and achieving performance gains, thereby driving business transformation and value creation. The company’s ongoing cash requirements will be funded from internally generated cash flow, credit facilities, and cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, allowing it to meet its obligations and pursue strategic acquisitions and investments in the future.