We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large OEMs. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our four reportable segments align with our target markets, and we differentiate ourselves through our high-performance design and integration capabilities. We believe our aggregate sales to Apple, Inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with our sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 20% of our net revenues for fiscal year 2015. The increase in gross margin was due primarily to gross margin contributions from our enterprise storage segment, which we acquired in the LSI acquisition, an improvement in product mix with higher contributions from our FBAR-related wireless products, and a decrease in charges associated with the inventory step-up to fair value related to acquisitions. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including computer services costs related to supporting computer tools used in the engineering and design process. We expect the dollar amount of research and development expense to increase for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop. The restructuring charges incurred during fiscal year 2015 were primarily due to employee termination costs related to the Emulex and LSI acquisitions, and we expect to incur additional restructuring charges in future periods, including as a result of acquisitions that we expect to close or may make in the future. Our cash and cash equivalents increased by $218 million to $1,822 million at November 1, 2015, primarily due to cash provided by operating activities. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations, combined with current borrowing availability under the 2014 revolving credit facility, provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance and are, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors. The broadcom transaction is expected to close on or about February 1, 2016, and we intend to finance the estimated $17 billion of cash consideration with cash on hand from both companies and new, fully-committed senior secured debt financing. We also intend to refinance substantially all of our and Broadcom's existing debt, presently aggregating approximately $6 billion, with committed debt financing. Our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect, we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets is highly subjective and requires significant judgment, and we assess the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable.