Our axon platform is the market leading solution for wearable cameras with a robust software system for storing, managing, and sharing the related video data. We have created relationships with over 20,000 public safety agencies around the world, developing a deep organizational understanding of the challenges and opportunities in this market space. Law enforcement agencies around the world are significantly "behind the curve" when it comes to technology, with many relying largely on paper-based reporting systems and having limited access to modern mobile smartphone technology. Internet-enabled platforms that connect end users directly to technology providers have dramatically changed industry after industry, offering accelerated speed of technology innovation and reduced cost of implementation and distribution to the end customer. We are building out our axon platform to leverage this connected platform to enable a broad suite of mobile, wearable, and data management capabilities to bring modern information technology capabilities to every law enforcement officer. With our axon platform and the evidence.com service, we have built the first and largest cloud-hosted platform in the public safety space, which will enable us to roll out additional capabilities to empower public safety professionals to be more efficient and effective. Our strategic initiatives include continued investment in the development of innovative new products that complement and add to our existing platforms, with a focus on refining our evidence.com services and exploring next-generation hardware. We believe that the video evidence capture and management market will continue to grow significantly due to increasing recognition of the benefits and value of video evidence and other mobile technologies. We aim to work closely with our customers to develop new value-added features to our existing platform that are necessary to optimize their workflows, as well as develop adjacent technologies in wearables, cloud, and mobile devices. Our strategy is to create a dominant market position in domestic law enforcement and internationally over time, focusing on increasing bookings and brand awareness for evidence.com and axon cameras. We have expanded our axon sales team to generate increased bookings and anticipate further increases in trial programs leading to increased sales. Our focus is on maintaining incremental sales channels by developing purchasing programs that position the company to own municipality budget lines and become the ongoing technology provider for our customers. We remain committed to developing our presence in federal government and military markets, emphasizing support for military customers and increasing technology development through contracted support. We also continue to pursue patents and intellectual property rights to protect key technology in our products and maintain our competitive position. Our research and development expenses have increased significantly as we continue our efforts to launch new product lines and SaaS offerings to strengthen our competitive advantage in emerging technologies. The increase in costs of products sold and services delivered is driven by growing sales in the axon segment, increased data storage costs as more agencies utilize evidence.com, and growth in our professional services team. The company expects to see increases in sales, general, and administrative expenses as it plans to make additional investments in customer-facing positions both domestically and internationally.