We compete in the global payments industry with charge, credit and debit card networks, issuers and acquirers, as well as evolving and growing alternative payment providers. As the payments industry continues to evolve, we face increasing competition from non-traditional players that leverage new technologies and customers' existing accounts and relationships to create payment or other fee-based solutions. Our performance in 2015 reflected both the strength of our business and the headwinds we have been managing throughout the year. The combination of these factors resulted in billings and revenue growth rates that were fairly steady throughout the year. Our results were also challenged by several factors, including the economic, regulatory, and competitive environments that became even more challenging as the year progressed. We expect to see strong growth in loans held for investment in 2016, and continue to believe there are opportunities to increase our share of lending without significantly changing our overall risk profile. Our capital position allowed us to return over $5 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, representing approximately 105 percent of total capital generated during the year, reflecting our ongoing commitment to using our capital strength to create value for our shareholders. We have launched cost initiatives designed to remove $1 billion from our overall cost base by the end of 2017, which includes total operating expenses plus marketing and promotion costs. The effective tax rate was 35.0 percent in 2015 compared to 34.5 percent in 2014. The risk committee approves our enterprise-wide risk management policy along with its sub-policies governing individual credit risk, institutional credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk and asset/liability risk, as well as policies governing the launch of new products and services, third-party management, and resolution planning. Our operational risk management process defines operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or the external environment, including failures to comply with laws and regulations. We have implemented an information security framework and operating model that is designed to protect information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification or destruction. Our information security risk management committee provides oversight and governance for our information security risk management program. The committee is responsible for establishing cyber risk tolerances and managing cyber crisis preparedness. We assess our cyber risk across four categories of threat actors that pose the greatest risk, namely cyber criminals, nation state sponsored groups, determined insiders and hacktivists. Our privacy framework and operating model follow a similar structure, providing oversight and governance for our privacy program. The committee is responsible for the governance over the collection, notice, use, sharing, transfer, confidentiality and retention of personal data. Our enterprise data governance framework and policy defines governance and data standards for data used in regulatory reporting, risk management as well as other critical systems including big data capabilities. We seek to maintain access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities and contingent sources of liquidity, such that we can continuously meet our business requirements and expected future financing obligations for at least a 12-month period, even in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions.