During fiscal 2014 and 2015, we have closely studied our hub distribution model and store inventory levels and assortment and performed strategic tests on increased frequency of delivery to our stores and significantly expanding parts assortments in select stores. Our primary response to fluctuations in the demand for the products we sell is to adjust our advertising message, store staffing, and product assortment. We believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, unemployment rates, and other economic conditions. We expect to invest in our business at an increased rate as compared to fiscal 2015, with investments directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations, and investments in technology. We initiated a variety of strategic tests focused on increasing inventory availability, which increased our inventory per location. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. We believe reduced gas prices gave our customers additional disposable income, which has a direct impact on our sales performance. The results of operations from the acquisition of Interamerican Motor Corporation (IMC) have been included in our auto parts locations business activities since the date of acquisition, which we expect will grow our share in the aftermarket import car parts market. We have performed strategic tests on increased frequency of delivery to our stores and significantly expanding parts assortments in select stores, which are part of our operational flexibility and resource deployment strategies. Our investments in technology are expected to enhance our operational efficiency and support our business innovation efforts. We believe that our IT capabilities, including the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and connectivity, will be critical in responding to changing business needs and directions. The integration of technology into our operations is aimed at transforming our business processes and enhancing our competitive advantage in the market. We have also made planned information system investments, which are expected to improve our operational effectiveness and support our strategic resource allocation decisions. Our ability to manage and mobilize IT resources effectively is essential for achieving our organizational goals and enhancing our overall performance. The strategic decisions we make regarding technology deployment and infrastructure capability are designed to align with our business strategy and improve our market responsiveness. We anticipate that our ongoing investments in technology will provide actionable options for enhancing our business value and driving performance improvements.