We evaluate our results of operations on both an as reported and constant currency basis. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda.com, and rentalcars.com. We believe this growth is the result of, among other things, the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to build accommodation supply, content, and distribution and to improve the consumer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We compete with both online and traditional travel and restaurant reservation and related services. The market for the services we offer is intensely competitive, a trend we expect to continue, and current and new competitors can launch new services at a relatively low cost. We have experienced a significant shift of business to mobile platforms and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. Our mobile offerings have received generally strong reviews and are driving a material and increasing share of our business. We believe that mobile bookings present an opportunity for growth and are necessary to maintain and grow our business as consumers increasingly turn to mobile devices instead of a personal computer. If we are unable to continue to rapidly innovate and create new, user-friendly, and differentiated mobile offerings and efficiently and effectively advertise and distribute on these platforms, or if our mobile offerings are not used by consumers, we could lose market share to existing competitors or new entrants and our business, future growth, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through aggressive marketing and promotional campaigns. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications, and other expenses associated with operating our services. Information technology expense increased during the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, due primarily to growth in our worldwide operations. We also intend to broaden the scope of our business, and to that end, we explore strategic alternatives from time to time in the form of, among other things, mergers and acquisitions. Our goal is to grow gross profit and achieve healthy operating margins in an effort to maintain profitability. We believe that the opportunity to continue to grow our business exists for the markets in which we operate. Our growth has primarily been generated by our worldwide accommodation reservation service brand, booking.com, which is our most significant brand, and has been due, in part, to the availability of a large and growing number of directly bookable properties through booking.com. We believe that continuously including them provides a more consistent and useful property count. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. We expect our operating results and other financial metrics to continue to be largely driven by international performance.