BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. The company’s diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long term by balancing investing for future growth with practical discretionary expense management. BlackRock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet the needs of its clients in all market environments. The company is positioned to provide active and index investment solutions across asset classes and geographies and leverage BlackRock Solutions' world-class risk management, analytics, and advisory capabilities on behalf of clients. BlackRock serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients globally, maintaining differentiated client relationships and a fiduciary focus. The retail strategy is focused on an outcome-oriented approach to creating client solutions, including active, index, and alternative products, and enhanced distribution. The company is leveraging its integrated wholesaler force to further penetrate wirehouse distribution platforms and gain share among registered investment advisors. BlackRock continues to diversify the range of investment solutions available to clients, penetrate new distribution channels, and capitalize on regulatory changes impacting retrocession arrangements. BlackRock's success in maintaining the distribution of its products is influenced by the impact of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property, information, and cybersecurity protection. The company’s operational flexibility is enhanced by its ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The Aladdin operating platform serves as the investment/risk solutions system for BlackRock and other institutional investors, providing risk management and other outsourcing services for institutional investors and custom solutions to address complex risk exposures. The company’s investment advisory and administration fees are recognized as the services are performed, primarily based on predetermined percentages of the market value of assets under management (AUM). BlackRock's management believes that the company will be able to continue to grow AUM organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products, and optimizing distribution capabilities. The company’s ability to attract and retain highly talented professionals is critical to maintaining its competitive advantage. BlackRock's operational efficiency is supported by its technology infrastructure, which facilitates the integration of various services and enhances the overall effectiveness of its operations. The company continuously monitors various factors, including AUM, for potential indicators of impairment, ensuring that its technology capabilities remain aligned with its strategic objectives. The impact of increased competition and future acquisitions or divestitures is also considered in the context of the company's IT capabilities and overall business strategy.