Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our operating businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions, and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers; investing decisions, with limited exceptions, are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO. We believe that maintaining extraordinary capital strength creates opportunities, especially with respect to reinsurance activities, to negotiate and enter into insurance and reinsurance contracts specially designed to meet the unique needs of insurance and reinsurance buyers. The business segment data should be read in conjunction with this discussion. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting of $1.2 billion in 2015, a decline from prior years, which reflected rising claim costs and lower earnings from reinsurers. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities. The relative impact of reporting delays on the reinsurer may vary depending on the type of coverage, contractual reporting terms, and the magnitude of the claim relative to the attachment point of the reinsurance contract. We utilize processes and techniques that are believed to best suit the underlying claims and available data. We establish average reserves for reported new auto damage and liability claims prior to the development of an individual case reserve. Our recorded liabilities are affected by the expected frequency and average severity of claims. We believe it is reasonably possible that the average bodily injury severities will change by at least one percentage point from the severities used in establishing the recorded liabilities. We utilize a variety of actuarial methodologies to establish unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense liabilities. The classification "reported case reserves" has no practical analytical value with respect to our retroactive policies. We review and establish loss reserve estimates in the aggregate by individual contract, considering exposure and development trends. We monitor claim payment activity and review ceding company reports and other information concerning the underlying losses. The claim-tail is expected to be very long for many policies and may last several decades. We assign judgmental probability factors to these aggregate loss payment scenarios, and an expectancy outcome is determined. We currently believe that maximum losses payable under our retroactive policies will not exceed approximately $40 billion due to the aggregate contract limits that are applicable to most of these contracts. We believe it is unlikely that our reported year-end gross unpaid losses will develop upward to the maximum loss payable or downward by more than 15%. In establishing retroactive reinsurance liabilities, we often analyze historical aggregate loss payment patterns and project losses into the future under various scenarios.