We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement, or SDE, strategy to deliver the technologies necessary for integrated system and SOC design with an end product in mind. Our growing core EDA business is at the heart of our SDE strategy and is complemented by our business in IP, system interconnect and analysis, system level design, and hardware-software development. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. We expect to continue to invest in research and development and customer and partner relationships. Our ability to achieve a consistent revenue mix such that approximately 90% of our revenue is recurring in nature may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. We believe our reported revenue and the amount of revenue recognized in future periods will depend on, among other things, the competitiveness of our technology and the size, duration, timing, terms, and type of contract renewals with existing customers, additional sales to existing customers, and sales to new customers. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Factors that cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, foreign exchange rates, stock-based compensation, and the impact of our variable compensation programs that are driven by overall operating results. Our employee salary and other compensation-related costs included in marketing and sales and research and development increased during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to incremental investments in technical customer support and research and development. We expect employee salary and other compensation-related costs to increase during fiscal 2016 due to continued investments in technical customer support and research and development. The changes in marketing and sales expense were due to salary, benefits, and other employee-related costs, stock-based compensation, and other items. The changes in research and development expense were due to materials and other pre-production costs, facilities and other infrastructure costs, salary, benefits and other employee-related costs, stock-based compensation, software license and maintenance costs, professional services, and other items. We have initiated various restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. Demand for our products and services and, ultimately, our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our license agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to improved profitability and the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. We expect that current cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment balances, cash flows generated from operations, and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions, if any, and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months. Our investment portfolio could be affected by various risks and uncertainties including credit risk, interest rate risk, and general market risk. We expect product and maintenance revenue to increase during fiscal 2016 due to increased demand for our new and existing product offerings. Our ability to achieve this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers.