We are a cable operator providing services in the United States with approximately 6.7 million residential and small and medium business customers. Our most significant competitors are direct broadcast satellite providers and certain telephone companies that offer services that provide features and functions similar to our internet, video, and voice services. Customers have been more willing to consider our competitors' products, partially because of continued marketing highlighting perceived differences between competitive video products. In the recent past, we have grown revenues by offsetting basic video customer losses with price increases and sales of incremental services such as internet, video on demand, DVR, and HD television. We expect to continue to grow revenues by increasing the number of products in our current customer homes, obtaining new customers with our value offering, and reducing churn. Our business plans include goals for increasing customers and revenue. To reach our goals, we actively invest in our network and operations, and improve the quality and value of the products and packages that we offer. We have enhanced our video product by moving to an all-digital platform, offering more HD channels and increasing digital and HD-DVR penetration. We simplified our offers and pricing, and package our products with the objective of bringing more value to new and existing customers than our competitors. As part of our effort to create more value for customers, we focus on driving penetration of our triple play offering, which includes more than 200 HD channels in most of our markets, video on demand, internet service, and fully-featured voice service. We believe that our enhanced product set combined with improved customer service has led to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes, allowing us to grow our customer base and revenue more quickly and economically. The cable industry is capital intensive, and a large portion of our resources are spent on capital activities associated with extending, rebuilding, and upgrading our cable network. We anticipate 2016 capital expenditures to be driven by growth in residential and commercial customers along with further spend related to product development and transition-related expenditures. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our anticipated future free cash flow including to reduce our leverage, and to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. We actively review potential acquisitions against our objectives, including improving the operational efficiency, clustering or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets. We have a history of net losses, which are principally attributable to insufficient revenue to cover the combination of operating expenses, interest expenses, depreciation expenses, and amortization expenses. We utilize certain measures that are not defined by GAAP to evaluate various aspects of our business. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net loss plus net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock compensation expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, and other operating expenses. Adjusted EBITDA is used by management to evaluate the performance of our business. We believe that adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow provide information useful to investors in assessing our performance and our ability to service our debt, fund operations, and make additional investments with internally generated funds.