As part of our response to the food-borne illness incidents, we are implementing enhanced food safety procedures in our supply chain and restaurants that we expect to increase our food costs as a percentage of revenue. Additionally, we expect that our restaurant operating costs as a percentage of revenue will continue to be significantly impacted due to expected lower average restaurant sales, as well as increased costs to support marketing initiatives. Our total capital expenditures for 2015 were $257.4 million, and we expect to incur capital expenditures of about $260 million in 2016, of which about $200 million relates to our construction of new restaurants before any reductions for landlord reimbursements, and the remainder primarily relates to restaurant reinvestments, information technology and infrastructure initiatives as well as food safety initiatives. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. We have a cash and short-term investment balance of $663.2 million that we expect to utilize, along with cash flow from operations, to provide capital to support the growth of our business, primarily through opening restaurants, to repurchase additional shares of our common stock subject to market conditions, to maintain our existing restaurants and for general corporate purposes. Our approach is also guided by our belief in an idea we call "food with integrity." We will continue to search for quality ingredients that not only taste delicious, but also benefit local farmers or the environment, or otherwise benefit or improve the sustainability of our supply chain. In 2015, we spent on average about $805,000 in development and construction costs per restaurant, net of landlord reimbursements of approximately $77,000. Our restaurants include 13 Shophouse Southeast Asian Kitchen restaurants, serving Asian-inspired cuisine, and we are an investor in a consolidated entity that owns and operates three Pizzeria Locale restaurants, a fast casual pizza concept. In addition to the impact on sales, the food-borne illness incidents resulted in non-recurring expenses in the fourth quarter of 2015 of approximately $16.0 million, which includes food waste, impairment charges for kitchen equipment that will no longer be used, insurance claim estimates, increased marketing expenses, lab analysis of food samples and environmental swabs, and retaining expert advisory services related to epidemiology and food safety. Our results of operations as a percentage of revenue and period-over-period variances are discussed in the following section. We have entered into an agreement with a broker under SEC Rule 10b5-1(c), authorizing the broker to make open market purchases of common stock from time to time, subject to market conditions. Our leases generally have initial terms of either five to ten years with two or more five-year extensions, for end-cap and in-line restaurants, or 10 to 15 years with several five-year extensions, for free-standing restaurants. We recognize compensation expense for equity awards over the vesting period based on the award's fair value. Our estimates of Chipotle's future performance and the future performance of the restaurant industry peer group are assumptions. The total estimated insurance liabilities as of December 31, 2015 were $40.3 million. We are involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. Our primary liquidity and capital requirements are for new restaurant construction, working capital and general corporate needs.