We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes, and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our operations are affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards. We serve our customers through a network of approximately 600 company-owned and independent distributor locations and over 7,200 dealer locations in more than 190 countries and territories. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, and power generation, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. The distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets, and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various OEMs throughout the world. We expect demand in the North American medium-duty truck market to remain strong and anticipate realizing annualized savings from restructuring actions. Our outlook reflects challenges that may reduce our revenue and earnings potential, including potential closures or restructuring of manufacturing facilities, expected declines in industry production of heavy-duty trucks, and weak economic conditions in Brazil. We incurred a fourth-quarter charge for headcount reductions in response to lower demand for our products. We will continue to evaluate our manufacturing facilities and make adjustments as necessary to align with changing demand and drive efficiencies in our business. We generated $2.1 billion of operating cash flows in 2015, compared to $2.3 billion in 2014. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong, and our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We believe our liquidity provides us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, capital expenditures, dividend payments, acquisitions of our North American distributors, projected pension obligations, debt service obligations, and severance payments. We continue to generate cash from operations in the U.S. and maintain access to $1.7 billion of our revolving credit facility. Our strategic resource allocation emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business needs. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.