Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. In 2015, we recorded an increase in non-interest expense driven by higher operating and marketing expenses associated with loan growth and continued technology and infrastructure investments. Our strategies and actions are designed to deliver and sustain strong returns and capital generation through the acquisition and retention of franchise-enhancing customer relationships across our businesses. We intend to grow these customer relationships by continuing to invest in scalable infrastructure and operating platforms, enabling us to meet heightened risk management expectations and deliver a brand-defining customer experience that builds and sustains a valuable, long-term customer franchise. Our actions have created a balance sheet with strong capital and liquidity, and we expect full-year growth in revenues driven by loan growth. We expect some improvement in the efficiency ratio compared to 2015, with continuing improvement in 2017. The increase in non-interest income was primarily attributable to higher net interchange fees, partially offset by lower service charges and other customer-related fees driven by the continued run-off of our payment protection products. The provision for credit losses increased due to a larger allowance build in our domestic credit card loan portfolio in 2015, driven by continued loan growth coupled with our expectations for rising charge-off rates. Our credit risk management program establishes expectations for determining compliance requirements, assessing the risk of new product offerings, creating appropriate controls and training, monitoring for control performance, and independently testing for adherence to compliance requirements. The chief risk officer, in conjunction with the consumer and commercial chief credit officers, is responsible for establishing credit risk policies and procedures, including underwriting and hold guidelines and credit approval authority, and monitoring credit exposure and performance of our lending-related transactions. We recognize that we are exposed to cyclical changes in credit quality and ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns through sound underwriting. Our underwriting policies establish standards in customer selection, underwriting, monitoring, remediation, and portfolio management. We utilize quantitative and qualitative factors to manage credit risk, including setting credit risk limits and guidelines for each line of business. We continuously adjust our management of credit lines and collection strategies based on customer behavior and risk profile changes. Our risk framework consists of governance, processes, and people, with eight key elements, including establishing governance processes, identifying and assessing risks, developing and operating controls, and escalating key risks to executive management. Our liquidity risk management practices are intended to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to withstand potential impacts of deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in the funding markets. We maintain access to diversified funding sources to avoid over-dependence on volatile, less reliable funding markets. Our liquidity reserves consist of readily-marketable or pledgable assets which can be used as a source of liquidity if needed. We provide a variety of lending products, including credit cards, auto, home loans, and commercial, with underwriting standards requiring an analysis of the borrower's financial condition and prospects, as well as an assessment of the industry in which the borrower operates.