We have outsourced to IBM Global Services a significant portion of our corporate and AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation information technology activities. The remaining commitment under our arrangement, as amended in June 2015, which expires in June 2018, is approximately $77.6 million as of September 30, 2015, of which $38.9 million represents our commitment in fiscal 2016. Our operating expenses during the current fiscal year were higher to support the increase in our revenue, including the WBA volume, which was not fully phased in during the prior fiscal year. More specifically, expenses related to payroll, delivery, and information technology were higher in the current fiscal year. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2015 included technology initiatives, including costs related to the further development of our primary enterprise resource planning system, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and expansion of support facilities. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2014 included infrastructure and technology-related costs to onboard the incremental WBA distribution volume, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and other technology initiatives, including costs related to the further development of our primary ERP system. We currently expect to spend approximately $400 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2016. Several of the larger 2016 capital expenditures include building a new distribution center and replacing or upgrading existing distribution centers, and information system investments to support a data center consolidation and a new operating system for one of our business units. The increase in days payable outstanding from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 has benefited from the increase in purchases of generic pharmaceuticals, which have longer payment terms than brand-name pharmaceuticals. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based on fluctuations in our period-end working capital. We use days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance. The increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and income taxes was primarily driven by the increase in merchandise inventories and the timing of payments to our suppliers. We have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during the December and March quarters that, depending on our cash balance, can require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. We have a $1.4 billion multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to expire in August 2019, with a syndicate of lenders. In November 2015, we entered into an amendment with the syndicate of lenders to extend the maturity date to November 2020. Interest on borrowings under the multi-currency revolving credit facility accrues at specified rates based on our debt rating and ranges from 69 basis points to 110 basis points over LIBOR/EURIBOR/bankers acceptance stamping fee, as applicable. Our cash balances in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, and 2014 needed to be supplemented by intra-period credit facility borrowings to cover short-term working capital needs, which were higher in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 due to the onboarding of the WBA business. Our operating results have generated cash flow, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, has provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, the payment of interest on outstanding debt, dividends, and repurchases of shares of our common stock.