We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. Our revenue consists of sales transaction fees charged to vehicle sellers and vehicle buyers, transportation revenue, purchased vehicle revenue, and other remarketing services. The growth in service revenues for fiscal 2015 of $27.0 million was driven primarily by increased volume in North America, partially offset by a decrease in revenue per car due to lower average auction selling prices, which we believe is due to lower commodity prices. The increase in volume in North America primarily came from existing suppliers as we believe there may have been an increase in the overall growth in the salvage market driven by increased salvage frequency. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by integrating our management information systems. The increase in yard operations expense for fiscal 2015 was driven by growth in volume in North America, the U.K., and in our other international markets, partially offset by a decrease in the cost to process each car in North America, primarily driven by operational efficiencies and the integration of the salvage parent, inc. acquisition. Included in our yard operations expenses for fiscal 2014 were severance and lease termination costs associated with the integration of the salvage parent, inc. acquisition. We capitalize system development costs and website development costs related to our enterprise computing services during the application development stage. During fiscal 2014, we terminated a contract with kpit, whereby kpit was engaged to design and implement an SAP-based replacement for our existing business operating software that would address our international expansion needs. Following a review of kpit's work performed and an assessment of the cost to complete, deployment risk, and other factors, we ceased development of kpit's software and are now pursuing an internally developed proprietary solution in its place. We recognized a charge resulting primarily from the impairment of costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of the software. Our primary source of cash generated by operations is from the collection of sellers' fees, members' fees, and reimbursable advances from the proceeds of vehicle sales. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. The capitalized costs for software development were significant in fiscal 2015, reflecting our ongoing commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities.