We are a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a focus on customer relationship management, or CRM. Our mission is to help our customers transform themselves into customer-centric companies by empowering them to connect with their customers in entirely new ways. Our customer success platform provides the next-generation platform of enterprise applications and services to enable customer success. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include the availability, performance, and security of our service; our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of, new and improved features; and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, and technologies in an effort to expand our service offerings. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales, and the expansion of domestic and international selling and marketing activities. We continue to focus our research and development efforts on adding new features and services, integrating acquired technologies, increasing the functionality and security, and enhancing the ease of use of our enterprise cloud computing services. Our proprietary, scalable, and secure multi-tenant architecture enables us to provide all of our customers with a service based on a single version of our application. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to add employees and invest in technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity. We have increased our headcount significantly to meet the higher demand for services from our customers. The cost of professional services is significantly higher as a percentage of the related revenue than for our enterprise cloud computing subscription service due to the direct labor costs and costs of subcontractors. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. Our attrition rate, which is favorable compared to the prior year, also played a role in the increase in subscription and support revenues. We expect marketing and sales expenses to continue to represent a substantial portion of total revenues in the future as we seek to grow our customer base, sell more products to existing customers, and build greater brand awareness. We expect to remain focused on improving operating margins and expect to continue to have net losses on a GAAP basis in some future quarters as we continue with our growth plan. Our operating margin for fiscal 2016 was $114.9 million compared to a $145.6 million loss during the same period a year ago. We remain focused on improving our operational efficiency and effectiveness through strategic resource allocation and investment in technology infrastructure. We expect to continue to invest in building the necessary employee and system infrastructure required to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired businesses and technologies.