Cisco designs and sells broad lines of products, provides services, and delivers integrated solutions to develop and connect networks around the world, building the internet. Over time, Cisco has expanded to new markets that are a natural extension of its core networking business, as the network has become the platform for automating, orchestrating, integrating, and delivering an ever-increasing array of information technology (IT)-based products and services. The company sees its customers increasingly using technology—and specifically, the network—to grow their business, drive efficiencies, and try to gain a competitive advantage. In this increasingly digital world, data is the most strategic asset and is increasingly distributed across every organization and ecosystem. The network plays an increasingly important role enabling customers to aggregate, automate, and draw insights from this highly distributed data where there is a premium on security and speed. This trend is driving customers to adopt entirely new IT architectures and organizational structures. Cisco understands how technology can deliver the outcomes customers want to achieve and aims to lead them in their digital transition with solutions including pervasive, industry-leading security that intelligently connects nearly everything that can be connected. The company is focused on providing highly secure, automated, and intelligent solutions built on infrastructure that connects data that is highly distributed globally. Together with its ecosystem of partners and developers, Cisco aims to provide the technology, services, and solutions that will enable customers to gain insight and advantage from this distributed data with scale, security, and agility. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Cisco's strategic focus includes investments in data center, software, security, and cloud, as it continues to invest in research and development to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. The company recognizes that operational flexibility and effective resource deployment are critical in responding to market dynamics and consumer demands. The integration of IT capabilities into business processes is essential for enhancing organizational effectiveness and achieving performance gains. Cisco’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company continues to evaluate its technology portfolio and capabilities to align with evolving business needs and market opportunities, ensuring that its operational efficiency and strategic management practices support its long-term objectives.