CSX is focused on meeting or exceeding customers' expectations while improving profitability, which is achieved through a relentless focus on using advanced network modeling analytics and tools to create a disciplined, scheduled approach to designing and running CSX's network. The company continues to identify the most efficient, cost-effective routes for its customers' traffic while providing timely service with the fewest handlings and car miles possible. Through the Service Excellence Initiative, CSX is building a culture that engages all employees and focuses on the value delivered to customers through improved service. This initiative increases employee communication and dialogue to help identify and resolve customer issues at the lowest level, thereby improving the customer experience and allowing CSX to grow the business. Higher levels of customer service and satisfaction support CSX's ability to profitably grow the business by increasing customer retention, price sustainability, and asset utilization. Total Service Integration (TSI) is intended to align operating capabilities with customers' needs, resulting in an efficient and effective service product. TSI was first implemented in the unit train network, where it successfully increased the average number of cars per train and improved asset utilization. CSX has been implementing TSI in the carload network, focusing on improving the "first and last mile" service experience for carload customers, providing a more consistent and reliable service product. New tools and technology have allowed the company to communicate more effectively with customers, not only providing the service promised but also proactively notifying the customer of service status. Applying TSI to the carload network has improved local customer service satisfaction and local service performance. Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) focuses on improving the utilization of the company's most critical assets, namely, crews, locomotives, cars, and track infrastructure. Projects are currently in place to deploy technology, improve processes, and reduce unproductive time. EAM helps reduce the overall expense associated with asset ownership by monitoring the overall condition of equipment, helping proactively schedule maintenance, increasing utilization, and effectively managing the investment required for new or replacement assets. By improving asset utilization, CSX expects to sustain long-term operating efficiencies and reduce future capital expenditures associated with asset replacement. These initiatives are designed to improve service levels in a cost-effective manner and enhance the reliability of rail transportation. The company continues to explore opportunities to partner with the public sector to maximize the many public benefits of freight rail, including job creation, increased business activity at U.S. ports, reduced highway congestion, and lower air emissions. CSX's intermodal business is a growth opportunity that provides an economical and environmentally friendly alternative to transporting freight on highways via truck. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and positioning itself for long-term growth through expanding network and terminal capacity. Funds used for property additions are further described, and the company plans to complete significant capital investments to support long-term profitable growth, productivity initiatives, and service improvements. CSX intends to fund capital investments through cash generated from operations, which will enhance its operational flexibility and overall performance.