This report contains statements concerning the companies' expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance, and other statements that are not historical facts. The companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ include changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing, or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies. Additionally, the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the proposed acquisition of Questar, including the ability to obtain requisite approvals, is a critical factor. The companies' forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. The companies caution the reader not to place undue reliance on their forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations, and projections about future events may differ materially from actual results. 

Dominion's strategy is to continue focusing on its regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses. The goals of this strategy are to provide earnings per share growth, a growing dividend, and to maintain a stable credit profile. In 2016, Dominion expects to experience an increase in net income on a per share basis compared to 2015, reflecting growth in weather-normalized electric utility sales and construction and operation of growth projects in electric utility operations. 

Dominion's planned capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $6.9 billion, $4.9 billion, and $4.3 billion in 2016, 2017, and 2018, respectively. These planned expenditures include construction and expansion of electric generation and natural gas transmission and storage facilities, construction improvements and expansion of electric transmission and distribution assets, and funding of Dominion's portion of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project. 

The company relies on capital markets as significant sources of funding for capital requirements not satisfied by cash provided by its operations. Dominion's ability to borrow funds or issue securities and the return demanded by investors are affected by credit ratings. Dominion's credit ratings affect its liquidity, cost of borrowing under credit facilities, and collateral posting requirements under commodity contracts, as well as the rates at which it can offer its debt securities. 

Dominion's operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows. The company evaluates quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by considering current and historical financial results, expectations for future taxable income, and the availability of tax planning strategies. The company establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

The company anticipates that the emission reductions achieved through compliance with other Clean Air Act-required programs will generally address regulatory requirements. The final rule has been challenged in the U.S. Court of Appeals, and Dominion cannot predict the potential financial statement impacts but believes the potential expenditures to comply could be material. The company also monitors its debt covenants regularly to ensure that events of default will not occur.