The growth of our existing direct banking products remains a priority. We are pursuing new card accounts and wallet share gains with existing customers through investments in marketing and rewards as well as new features. We continue to leverage our proprietary network to support our card-issuing business. Additionally, we continue to invest in areas supporting growth strategies and regulatory compliance. The increase in total other expense was primarily driven by higher professional fees and higher employee compensation and benefit costs partially offset by the mortgage business goodwill impairment recorded in 2014 with no similar 2015 charge. The increase in professional fees was driven by anti-money laundering and related compliance program expenses. The growth in employee compensation costs resulted from growth in overall headcount driven in part by regulatory and compliance needs. We expect intense competition in the payments industry to persist, which will likely continue to impact the revenue margins, transaction volume, and business strategies. We continue to focus on capital deployment through organic growth in the business and through our quarterly dividends and share repurchase program. Regulatory developments, findings, and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies, require us to limit or change our business practices, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. The impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors including supervisory priorities and actions, the actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. Compliance expenditures have increased significantly for discover and other financial services firms, and we expect them to continue to increase as regulators remain focused on controls and operational processes. We may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers, or other industry participants. The additional expense, time, and resources needed to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations. We continue to monitor competitor pricing strategies in order to assess their impact on our business and on competition in the marketplace. The changing debit card environment, including competitor actions related to merchant and acquirer pricing and transaction routing strategies, has adversely affected and is expected to continue to adversely affect our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue, and prospects for future growth. We are continuing to evaluate our business strategies. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We seek to maintain stable diversified funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. We maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy which outlines the overall framework and general principles for managing liquidity risk across our businesses. The policy is approved by the board of directors with the implementation responsibilities delegated to the asset and liability management committee. We seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress.