During fiscal 2015, we significantly increased our land, lot, and home inventories across our markets, while maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. Our operating strategy is focused on leveraging our financial and competitive position to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows. This strategy includes actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk and optimize returns. We believe our business is well positioned for the future because of our broad geographic operating base and product offerings. Our operating strategy has produced positive results in recent years, although we cannot provide assurances that the initiatives will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust components of our strategy to meet future market conditions. We expect our revenues and profitability to increase during fiscal 2016 at a lower growth rate than we experienced in fiscal 2015. We are focused on managing our product offerings, pricing, sales pace, and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments. Our business is well positioned to generate increased sales volume, although future sales volumes will depend on the economic strength of each of our operating markets and our ability to successfully implement our operating strategies. We routinely enter into land/lot option contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our inventories at September 30, 2015, included significant amounts of construction in progress and finished homes, residential land/lots, and land held for development. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales can occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We have performed detailed impairment evaluations of communities and land inventories and recorded impairment charges when necessary. Our financial services revenues increased significantly, driven by an increase in loan originations corresponding to the increase in the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. We expect to fund our contractual obligations through a combination of existing cash resources, cash flows generated from profits, and our homebuilding and financial services credit facilities. Our current levels of cash, borrowing capacity, and balance sheet leverage provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in homebuilding market conditions. We believe that our existing cash resources, our revolving credit facility, and our mortgage repurchase facility provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. Our mortgage subsidiary has a mortgage repurchase facility that provides financing and liquidity to facilitate purchase transactions, and we have consistently focused on the captive business provided by our homebuilding operations. The volume of loans originated and brokered by our mortgage operations is related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations, and we expect our mortgage capture rate to remain strong as we continue to leverage our operational capabilities.