Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our operating partnership's unitholders through the payment of distributions and return on invested capital. We expect to achieve our objectives by focusing on our core business of investing in and developing technology-related real estate. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development and acquisition of new properties. We target high quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of corporate enterprise data center and technology industry tenants. Our properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling and high-level security systems. We focus solely on technology-related real estate because we believe that the growth in corporate data center adoption and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to be superior to that of the overall economy. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Development space requires significant capital investment in order to develop data center facilities that are ready for use, and we may require additional time or encounter delays in securing tenants for development space. Our expertise in data center construction and operations enables us to lease space to these tenants at a premium over other uses. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical and other criteria. Our portfolio consists primarily of technology-related real estate and data center real estate in particular. A decrease in the demand for, or increase in supply of, data center space, internet gateway facilities or other technology-related real estate would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified tenant base or less specialized use. We continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space and, subject to the supply of available data center space in these metropolitan areas, expect the rental rates we are likely to achieve on re-leased or renewed data center space leases for 2016 expirations on an average aggregate basis will generally be higher than the rates currently being paid for the same space on a GAAP basis and flat on a cash basis. We believe that the telx acquisition will provide a number of strategic and financial benefits, including providing us a leading colocation and interconnection platform, a premium connectivity infrastructure and enhanced growth potential in attractive locations. Our management evaluates estimates related to our investments and operations on an ongoing basis, based upon information currently available and on various assumptions management believes are reasonable. Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. We are also subject to the commitments discussed below under "commitments and contingencies," "off-balance sheet arrangements" and "distributions." We actively pursue opportunities for potential acquisitions, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. The dollar value of acquisitions for the year ending December 31, 2016 will be based on numerous factors, including tenant demand, leasing results, availability of debt or equity capital and acquisition opportunities.