The management discussion and analysis provides information that is useful in understanding the operating results, cash flows, and financial condition of Ecolab Inc. The discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial information and related notes included in this form 10-K. Our performance underscored the strength and long-term potential of our business, our people, and our strategies. We continued to drive positive adjusted fixed currency operating growth and margin trends through product cost savings, synergies, and appropriate pricing. Our global footprint and broad business portfolio within the global energy segment, as well as our strong execution capabilities, are expected to provide the required resilience to outperform in the current market. We continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. We continue to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in our business, debt repayments, pension obligations, and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. Our restructuring activities are associated with plans to enhance our efficiency, effectiveness, and sharpen the competitiveness of our businesses. These restructuring plans include costs associated with significant actions involving employee-related severance charges, contract termination costs, and asset write-downs and disposals. We believe that our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. Our net debt to EBITDA and net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratios are viewed as important indicators of our creditworthiness. The ongoing political turmoil, economic sanctions, as well as the depressed oil markets, have led to foreign currency pressure as well as higher localized interest rates within Russia and Ukraine. We have experienced no significant impact from these trends and will continue to monitor the economic and political trends within the region. Our international operations subject us to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries which could impact future operating results. The inability of our Venezuelan businesses to pay dividends, which remain subject to Venezuelan government approvals, has continued to restrict our ability to realize the earnings generated out of our Venezuelan businesses. We expect the conditions described above will continue for the foreseeable future. We have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements, in conformity with U.S. GAAP, requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We believe that our tax returns properly reflect the tax consequences of our operations, and that our reserves for tax contingencies are appropriate and sufficient for the positions taken. We recognize revenue on product sales at the time evidence of an arrangement exists, title to the product and risk of loss transfers to the customer, the price is fixed and determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. Our service businesses and service offerings are discussed in note 17. We record estimated reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements, promotions, and other volume-based incentives at the time the sale is recorded.