We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. We expect that our pro forma debt-to-capital ratio will approximate 49% at the closing of the acquisition of Cigna and we are committed to deleveraging to the low 40% range approximately twenty-four months following the closing. We believe our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research and data-driven processes, as well as our overall investments for health care reform, have positioned us to benefit from the potential growth opportunities available in fully-insured commercial products as a result of health care reform. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We continually negotiate with hospitals and physicians to manage these cost trends. We remain committed to optimizing our reimbursement rates and strategies to help address the cost pressures faced by employers and consumers. We have continued to implement security enhancements since a cyber attack incident that resulted in unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. The acquisition will further our goal of creating a premier health benefits company with critical diversification and scale to lead the transformation of health care delivery for consumers. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements, while preserving our asset base. Our subsidiaries pay out excess capital annually in the form of dividends to their respective parent companies for general corporate use, as permitted by applicable regulations. We have a shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments and funds available under our senior revolving credit facility, bridge facility, term loan facility and/or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions. We are aware that the Pennsylvania insurance commissioner has placed Penn Treaty Network America Insurance Company and its subsidiary in rehabilitation, an intermediate action before insolvency. We will continue to monitor the situation and may record a liability and expense in future reporting periods, which could be material to our cash flows and results of operations. We believe we have adequately reviewed our investment securities for impairment and that our investment securities are carried at fair value. Our results of operations are impacted by levels and mix of membership. In recent years, we have experienced membership growth due to the quality and pricing of our health benefits products and services, improved economic conditions, decreases in unemployment, acquisitions, entry into new markets and expansions in existing markets.