EOG Resources, Inc. operates under a consistent business and operational strategy that focuses predominantly on maximizing the rate of return on investment of capital by controlling operating and capital costs and maximizing reserve recoveries. This strategy is intended to enhance the generation of cash flow and earnings from each unit of production on a cost-effective basis, allowing EOG to deliver long-term production growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet. EOG emphasizes the drilling of internally generated prospects to find and develop low-cost reserves, maintaining the lowest possible operating cost structure consistent with prudent and safe operations. EOG's efforts to identify plays with large reserve potential have proven successful, and the company continues to drill numerous wells in large acreage plays, contributing substantially to crude oil and liquids-rich natural gas production. EOG focuses on increasing drilling and completion efficiencies, testing methods to improve the recovery factor of oil-in-place, and reducing operating costs through efficiency improvements and service cost reductions. The efficiency gains and lower service costs resulted in lower drilling and completion costs and decreased operating expenses. EOG's capital expenditures are structured to maintain its strategy of capital discipline by funding exploration, development, and exploitation activities primarily from available internally generated cash flows. The company plans to continue focusing a substantial portion of its exploration and development expenditures in major producing areas in the United States, particularly on crude oil drilling activity in its Eagle Ford, Delaware Basin, and Bakken plays where it generates its highest rates of return. EOG expects to continue to improve well performance and lower drilling and completion costs through efficiency gains and lower service costs. The anticipated capital expenditures for 2016 are estimated to range from approximately $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion, excluding acquisitions. EOG has significant flexibility with respect to financing alternatives, including borrowings under its commercial paper program and other uncommitted credit facilities, bank borrowings, and equity and debt offerings. The company continues to evaluate certain potential crude oil and liquids-rich natural gas exploration and development prospects and looks for opportunities to add drilling inventory through leasehold acquisitions and tactical acquisitions. EOG's management believes it has one of the strongest prospect inventories in its history, and the company is committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet with a consistently below-average debt-to-total capitalization ratio compared to its peer group. EOG's strategic focus on operational flexibility, investment decisions, and the integration of technology resources supports its capability to respond to market dynamics and maintain competitive advantage. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to enhance organizational performance and achieve its business objectives.