Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Global enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix's leading insight and data centers in 33 markets around the world for the safekeeping of their critical IT equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today's information-driven economy. The company's data centers are a global platform that allows customers to increase information and application delivery performance while significantly reducing costs. This global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective colocation, interconnection, and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. The focused business model is built on a critical mass of customers and the resulting marketplace effect, which benefits suppliers and business partners to colocate with Equinix to gain full economic and performance benefits. The company continues to monitor available capacity in each selected market and performs demand studies to determine if future expansion is warranted. The increased power consumption by customers has driven Equinix to build out new IBX data centers to support power and cooling needs. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. As of December 31, 2015, Equinix operated or had partner International Business Exchange (IBX) data centers across various regions, including the Americas, EMEA, and Asia-Pacific, which serve as a foundation for their IT capabilities. The company’s business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings, which have comprised more than 90% of total revenues during the past three years. The firm expects its cost of revenues, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses to decline as a percentage of revenues over time, although each is expected to grow in absolute dollars in connection with growth. The company has been investing in its sales and marketing initiatives to further increase revenue, which includes hiring additional headcount and new product innovations. The firm’s strategic management practices include evaluating operational cash-generating abilities and developing regional growth strategies such as IBX data center expansion decisions. The company has also been investing in improving back-office systems to scale effectively for growth. The firm’s management believes that the inclusion of non-GAAP financial measures provides consistency and comparability with past reports and a better understanding of the overall performance of the business and its ability to perform in subsequent periods. The company’s adjusted EBITDA reflects improved operating results and the nature of its business model, which consists of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure that has a large base that is fixed in nature. As a result of its conversion to a REIT, Equinix has made special distributions to stockholders and has begun paying quarterly dividends, which reflects its commitment to maintaining a strong financial position while pursuing growth opportunities in the market.