The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative therapies and the value they bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. To strengthen our leadership and enable future growth opportunities, in 2015 we invested 15.4% of our net sales in research and development. In a consolidating industry, we believe our focus on innovation and a robust product pipeline of meaningful new technologies will help us continue to be a preferred partner, sustain our successes, and build long-term value for our shareholders. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical and economic evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2015 was driven by an improved product mix, driven by transcatheter heart valve products; partially offset by multiple investments in our operations, including an increase in costs to improve our manufacturing processes. The decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses in 2015 resulted primarily from foreign currency, which reduced expenses due to the weakening of the euro and the Japanese yen against the United States dollar. This decrease was partially offset by higher sales and marketing expenses in Europe, the United States, and Japan, mainly to support our transcatheter heart valve program. The increase in research and development expenses in 2015 was due primarily to new transcatheter heart valve and surgical heart valve therapy product development efforts. The increase in research and development expenses in 2014 was due primarily to new transcatheter heart valve product development efforts, additional investments in clinical studies in our surgical heart valve therapy program, and higher performance-based incentive compensation. The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. We believe that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions. Our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and cash from operations. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months. We consider making short-term loans of cash held outside the United States to the United States from time to time based on facts and circumstances. The potential tax liability related to any repatriation would be dependent on the facts and circumstances that exist at the time such repatriation is made and the complexities of the tax laws of the United States and the respective foreign jurisdictions. We have entered into an agreement and plan of merger to acquire Cardiaq for an aggregate cash purchase price of $350.0 million, subject to certain adjustments, plus an additional $50.0 million if a certain European regulatory approval is obtained within 48 months of the acquisition closing date. We closed the purchase with available cash on hand in the United States.