We are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, exploration, and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin in West Texas. Our activities are primarily directed at the Clearfork, Spraberry, Wolfcamp, Cline, Strawn, and Atoka formations. We intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations. We believe the acreage is prospective for horizontal drilling, and we have identified an aggregate of approximately 232 net potential horizontal drilling locations based on 660-foot spacing between wells. Our operational update indicates that we completed our first three-well pad targeting the lower Spraberry, Wolfcamp A, and Wolfcamp B with an average lateral length of 7,400 feet. We will continue monitoring the commodity price environment and expect to retain the financial flexibility to adjust our drilling and completion plans in response to market conditions. Our 2016 total capital spend is expected to be between $250.0 million to $375.0 million, consisting of significant allocations for horizontal drilling and completions, infrastructure, and non-operated activity. We are prepared to decelerate our drilling program if commodity prices deteriorate and accelerate it if prices improve. Our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2016, although significant additional capital expenditures will be required to fully develop our properties. We regularly consider which capital resources, including equity and debt financings, are available to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities, and liquidity requirements. Our ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. The future cash flows are subject to numerous variables, including the level of oil and natural gas production and prices, and we may seek additional capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, or offerings of debt and equity securities. We cannot assure that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain funds when needed, we may be required to curtail our drilling programs, which could result in a loss of acreage through lease expirations. Our revenues are derived from the sale of oil and natural gas production, and our production consists primarily of oil, making our revenues sensitive to fluctuations in oil prices. We have utilized commodity derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the price of crude oil, and we recognize all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. We account for oil and natural gas revenues when title passes to the purchaser, net of royalty interests, discounts, and allowances. Our operational efficiency and performance are influenced by our ability to leverage technology and management skills in our drilling and production processes. The integration of technology capabilities into our operational framework is essential for enhancing our competitive advantage and achieving our strategic objectives in the evolving market landscape.