Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the U.S. The preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. The areas requiring the use of management's estimates are also discussed in note 1 under the subheading "use of estimates." Management has reviewed the following discussion of its development and selection of critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board. The determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the ultimate geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades, and recovery rates. Estimating the quantity and grade of mineral reserves requires us to determine the size, shape, and depth of our ore bodies by analyzing geological data, such as samplings of drill holes, tunnels, and other underground workings. In addition to the geology of our mines, assumptions are required to determine the economic feasibility of mining these reserves, including estimates of future commodity prices and demand, the mining methods we use, and the related costs incurred to develop and mine our reserves. Our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. A majority of these estimates are reviewed annually and verified by independent experts in mining, geology, and reserve determination. The economic assumptions used to estimate mineral reserves may change from period to period, and additional geological data is generated during the course of operations, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations, including changes to prospective depreciation rates and impairments of long-lived asset carrying values. We perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. If it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective depreciation rates. We assess the carrying values of our long-lived mining assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. In evaluating our long-lived mining assets for recoverability, we use estimates of pre-tax undiscounted future cash flows of our individual mines. Estimates of future cash flows are derived from current business plans, which are developed using near-term metal price forecasts reflective of the current price environment and management's projections for long-term average metal prices. In addition to near- and long-term metal price assumptions, other key assumptions include estimates of commodity-based and other input costs; proven and probable mineral reserves estimates, including the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves; and the use of appropriate discount rates in the measurement of fair value. We believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use. As quoted market prices are unavailable for our individual mining operations, fair value is determined through the use of estimated discounted after-tax future cash flows. The economic assumptions used to estimate mineral reserves may change from period to period, and additional geological data is generated during the course of operations, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations. Our operations are subject to various national, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. Environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized, depending upon their future economic benefits. The guidance provided by U.S. GAAP requires that liabilities for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that obligations have been incurred, and the cost can be reasonably estimated. Our current and historical operating activities are subject to various national, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures.