We are a leading global provider of financial services technology, providing account processing systems, electronic payments processing products and services, internet and mobile banking systems, and related services. Our operations are comprised of the payments segment and the financial institution services segment, which support numerous types of financial transactions. The financial industry regularly introduces and implements new payment, deposit, lending, investment, and risk management products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services, and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. Our strategic initiatives include enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, and differentiating our products and services through innovation. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients. Our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. We believe that our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. The market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly, creating heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate incremental revenue, comply with regulations, and enhance operating efficiency. Our electronic payments solutions and channels such as internet, mobile, and tablet banking have increased the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase. Our operations are supported by a robust technology infrastructure that enables us to deliver integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients. We continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to help accomplish our mission, including active portfolio management of our various businesses and disciplined allocation of capital. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model, and our products and services can assist them in navigating the evolving marketplace. The increased focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers has further underscored the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We believe that our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility will enhance our capability to respond to changing business needs and directions, ultimately supporting our goal of transforming our firm into a competitive force.