During fiscal 2015, we continued to generate significant free cash flow used to enhance shareholder value through investments in long-term growth initiatives; acquisitions of relevant technologies and products that strengthen our portfolio and competitive position; and our share repurchase program. We continued to invest in our growth initiatives that expand our addressable markets. Our full suite of applications available through the FICO® Analytic Cloud provides product offerings in our applications and tools segments to provide growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the affordability and simplicity of cloud-based solutions. We leveraged the financial crime and compliance technology to integrate with our existing fraud detection and analytics to provide broader, more responsive fraud solutions for our customers. This fiscal year, we incurred severance charges to reallocate expenses from building out products to our distribution and go-to-market for both the applications and tools segments, which includes significant sales training and increasing sales resources to reach new market segments. We also returned significant cash to shareholders through our stock repurchase program. The increase in compliance solutions was attributable to our acquisition of Tonbeller in January 2015. The increase in fraud solutions was primarily attributable to a large multi-year license transaction during fiscal 2015, as well as an increase in transactional revenues driven by increased volumes. The increase in customer communication services was primarily attributable to an increase in transactional revenues as a result of our growth in the mobile communication market. We are organized into the following three reportable segments: applications, scores, and tools. Although we sell solutions and services into a large number of end-user product and industry markets, our reportable business segments reflect the primary method in which management organizes and evaluates internal financial information to make operating decisions and assess performance. Our acquisition of Tonbeller addresses the rapidly growing demand for integrated, enterprise-class financial crime and compliance solutions. The increase in transactional revenues was primarily driven by changes in the transactional volume and license fees. We calculate transactional bookings as the total estimated volume of transactions or number of accounts under contract, multiplied by the contractual rate. We develop estimates from discussions with our customers and examinations of historical data from similar products and customer arrangements. We calculate maintenance bookings directly from the terms stated in the contract. We provide consulting, training, model development, and software integration services under both hourly-based time and materials and fixed-priced contracts. Revenues from these services are generally recognized as the services are performed. For fixed-price service contracts, we use a proportionate performance model with hours as the input method of attribution to determine progress towards completion. We have not experienced significant variances between our estimates and actual hours in the past and anticipate that we will be able to continue to make reasonable estimates in the future. Our primary method for funding operations and growth has been through cash flows generated from operating activities. We evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. We may elect to use available cash and cash equivalents to fund such activities in the future. In the event additional needs for cash arise, or if we refinance our existing debt, we may raise additional funds from a combination of sources, including the potential issuance of debt or equity securities. If adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms, our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited.