We provide high performance cybersecurity solutions to a wide variety of enterprises, service providers, and government organizations of all sizes across the globe, including a majority of the 2015 Fortune 100. Our cybersecurity solutions are fast, secure, and designed to provide broad, rapid protection against dynamic security threats while simplifying the IT infrastructure of our end-customers worldwide. Our core product platform is the Fortigate physical and virtual appliance, which ships with a set of broad security services, including firewall, VPN, application control, intrusion prevention, web filtering, and advanced threat protection ("ATP"). These security services are enabled by Fortiguard, which provides extensive threat research and a global cloud network to deliver protection services to each Fortigate appliance. We derive a substantial majority of product sales from our Fortigate appliances, which range from the Fortigate-20 to -100 series, designed for small businesses, Fortigate-200 to -900 series for mid-sized enterprises, to the Fortigate-1000 to -5000 series for large enterprises and service providers. Our network security platform also includes our Fortiguard security subscription services, to which end-customers can subscribe in order to obtain access to dynamic updates to application control, anti-virus, intrusion prevention, web filtering, and anti-spam functionality. We continue to execute our strategy of selling to enterprise customers and landing large deals with some of these customers. Enterprise customers have vast infrastructures, and we believe this will provide expansion opportunities for us in the future. Our strategy has enabled us to gain market share, win new customers, and expand within existing customer accounts, especially in the large enterprise market, which is key to our long-term growth and profitability strategy. In 2015, sales of high-end Fortigate products increased due to enterprise adoption of our high-end appliances. The percentage of our Fortigate-related billings from high-end products increased from 38% in 2014 to 41% in 2015, while the mid-range products decreased from 26% in 2014 to 25% in 2015 and the entry-level products decreased from 36% in 2014 to 34% in 2015. We believe that continued product innovation has strengthened our technology and resulted in market share gains. We also continue to invest in research and development to strengthen our technology leadership position. Our operating expenses increased significantly as we accelerated our pace of hiring and continued investments to expand our sales coverage, grow our marketing capabilities, develop new products, and scale our customer support. We incurred costs from the integration of Meru and the implementation of restructuring activities and expenses related to business design and reengineering in preparation for an ERP system implementation. Our sales strategy is based on a distribution model whereby we primarily sell our products and services directly to distributors, which sell to resellers and service providers. We monitor our deferred revenue balance because it represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods. Our total deferred revenue as of December 31, 2015, increased by 232.5 million or 42% compared to a year ago. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and services offerings.