Management uses these non-GAAP measures in its financial and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes as they provide additional transparency of our core operations. Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve 9% to 10% margins on an EBIT-adjusted basis by early next decade: lead in technology and innovation, including OnStar 4G LTE and connected car, alternative propulsion, urban mobility including ride and car sharing, active safety features and autonomous vehicles. We continue to implement various strategic actions to strengthen our operations and increase our competitiveness. The success of these actions will depend on a combination of our ability to execute and external factors which are outside of our control. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1A. risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. We analyze the results of our automotive business through our four geographically-based segments: GMNA, GME, GMIO, and GMSA. We expect to sustain an EBIT-adjusted margin of 10% in 2016 due to a consistent to slight increase in U.S. industry light vehicle sales, key product launches, continued cost performance and growth of adjacent businesses. We continue to execute our plans and within the financial impact that we projected. We anticipate these headwinds will be offset by continued industry recovery, the full benefits of our recent launches of the Astra and Corsa, and material cost optimization. Our overall financial targets include expected improvement of forecasted consolidated EBIT-adjusted margins of 9% to 10% by early next decade; expected total annual operational and functional cost savings of $5.5 billion by 2018 that will more than offset our incremental investments in brand building, engineering and technology as we launch new products in 2016 and beyond. We continue to refresh our product portfolio and are addressing many of the challenges in these markets while continuing to strategically assess the manner in which we operate in certain countries. We believe that our current level of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and availability under our revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. We also maintain access to the capital markets and may issue debt or equity securities from time to time, which may provide an additional source of liquidity. Our investment guidelines prescribe certain minimum credit worthiness thresholds and limit our exposures to any particular sector, asset class, issuance or security type. We continue to monitor economic conditions in South America and believe that adverse economic conditions and their effects on the automotive industry will continue in the near term. We have used and will continue to use other methods including intercompany loans to utilize these funds across our global operations as needed. Our calculation of these non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences between companies in the method of calculation. We expect to have substantial cash requirements going forward which we plan to fund through total available liquidity and cash flows generated from operations.