We have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. Our ability to leverage our scale and market positions to enhance profitability is significant, and we are currently pursuing next generation performance improvement initiatives such as expanding our support infrastructure for additional clinical and support functions, including electronic medical recordkeeping. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. Our continued investment in the employment, recruitment, and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. Our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology is critical, and we recognize income related to medicare and medicaid incentive payments based on when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified ehr technology. The health reform law requires health plans to reimburse hospitals for emergency services provided to enrollees without prior authorization and without regard to whether a participating provider contract is in place. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, grow our revenues, and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy, and efficiency. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. The collection of outstanding receivables from medicare, medicaid, managed care payers, other third-party payers, and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. We believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high-quality care. We continue to invest in our parallon subsidiary group to leverage key components of our support infrastructure, including revenue cycle management, health care group purchasing, supply chain management, and staffing functions. We believe there are significant growth opportunities in our markets, and we will continue to provide financial and operational resources to analyze and develop our in-market opportunities. We believe the challenges faced by the hospital industry may spur consolidation, and our size, scale, national presence, and access to capital will position us well to participate in any such consolidation. Our investments in technology capabilities are essential for transforming our operations and enhancing our competitive advantage in the healthcare market.