The management and franchise segment provides services, which include hotel management and licensing of our brands to franchisees, as well as property management at timeshare properties. This segment generates its revenue from management and franchise fees charged to hotel owners, including our owned and leased hotels, and to homeowners' associations at timeshare properties. We charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing, and information technology services. Additionally, we evaluate the economic viability of the hotel based on geographic location, credit quality of the third-party owner, and other factors before approving new hotels to our management and franchise development pipeline. The effectiveness of our management and franchise agreements depends on our ability to perform under these agreements and maintain good relationships with third-party owners and franchisees, which generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. Our relationships with these third parties also leverage technology resources, enhancing our operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees, and developers, and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. The increase in management fees and franchise fees was also a result of the addition of new managed and franchised properties to our portfolio, which are not included in our comparable hotels and contributed to increased fees. Our management and franchise segment's adjusted EBITDA increased as a result of the increase in management and franchise segment revenues. The increase in revenues from our owned and leased hotels was primarily due to an increase in revenues at our comparable hotels, which was a result of an increase in RevPAR during the year, primarily attributable to increases in both transient and group business. The increase in revenues from our timeshare segment was also linked to cycles in the general economy and consumer discretionary spending, which can subject our revenues to significant volatility. Our overall supply of timeshare intervals was approximately 134,000 intervals, or over six years at current sales pace, and we have entered into agreements to sell timeshare units developed by third parties. The increase in timeshare sales revenue was due to an increase in commissions recognized from the sale of third-party developed intervals, offset by a decrease in revenues related to the sale of timeshare intervals owned by us. We expect the sales of timeshare intervals developed by third parties and resort operations to comprise a growing percentage of our timeshare revenue, consistent with our strategy to focus our business on the management aspects and deploy less of our capital to asset construction. Our investment policy is focused on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments across all three of our business segments. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the fixed costs inherent in our business, and we have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we feel are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions without jeopardizing the overall customer experience or the value of our hotels or brands.