In 2015, Honeywell successfully navigated a challenging macro-economic climate by combining strategic growth in its diverse portfolio and cost discipline with a marked acceleration of its capital deployment strategy. The Honeywell Operating System (HOS) Gold and Honeywell User Experience (HUE) initiatives intensified throughout the company, driving productivity through sustainable improvements to factories, footprints, and supply chains. The company deployed capital of over $10 billion, including over $5 billion for mergers and acquisitions focused on technology, which will be integrated into each of its three operating segments. Honeywell's areas of focus are supported by the Honeywell enablers, including HOS Gold, which are applicable to each operating segment and include driving profitable growth through R&D, technological excellence, and optimized manufacturing capability to deliver innovative products that customers value. The company aims to expand margins by maintaining and improving its cost structure through manufacturing and administrative process improvements, which will enhance the flexibility of the business as it works to proactively respond to changes in end market demand. Honeywell is committed to driving strong cash flow conversion through effective working capital management, enabling capital deployment for strategic acquisitions, capital expenditures, and returning cash to shareholders. The company actively monitors trends in the oil and gas industry end markets, principally the demand from midstream and downstream customers for products and services provided by process solutions and UOP. Honeywell identifies acquisition candidates that will further its strategic plan and strengthen existing core businesses while considering businesses that do not fit into its long-term strategic plan for potential divestiture or restructuring. The company believes its operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet future operating cash needs, supported by available cash, committed credit lines, and access to public debt and equity markets. Honeywell's investment in R&D at 5% of sales, new product introductions aligned with global macroeconomic trends, and repositioning investments to improve operations reflect its commitment to enhancing organizational capabilities and supporting business needs. The company’s focus on technological excellence and operational efficiency is designed to leverage IT capabilities to support business strategies and enhance performance.