The business environments in which we operate directly affect our results of operations. Our results have been and will continue to be affected by many factors, including market volatility and the level of trading activity in our markets, which during any period is significantly influenced by general market conditions; legislative and regulatory changes, as well as our fulfillment of our regulatory obligations; competition; demand for our data services and our market share; our system reliability; our ability to offer new products; our acquisition activities and the pace of industry consolidation; broad trends in the data and finance industry; and changing technology in the financial services industry. In particular, the business environment has been characterized by increasing competition among global markets for trading volumes and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers and competitors; market participants' demand for speed, capacity and reliability, which requires continuing investment in technology; and increasing competition for market data revenues. The implementation of new regulations may impact participation in our markets. Many of the proposed changes with regard to global financial reform are still being determined and have yet to be implemented. As this is established, legislative and regulatory actions may change the way we conduct our business and may create uncertainty for market participants, which could affect trading volumes or demand for market data. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility, trading activity or participation in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 44% in 2015. This non-transaction revenue includes data and listings, and will continue to increase as a percent of our total revenue with the addition of interactive data and trayport revenues reflected in our full year results. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties. In recent years, financial institutions globally have acted to control or reduce spending, including spending on financial information and related services. Yet many of the data products and services we sell are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. While we expect that cost reduction and cost containment pressures will continue, we anticipate that there will be overall growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing U.S. and global regulatory demands; investor demands for transparency; greater use of fair value accounting standards; greater emphasis on risk management; market fragmentation driven by regulatory changes; the move to passive investing and indexation; ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets; increased electronification of fixed income markets; and increasing demand for outsourced services by financial institutions. Our data delivery services include our colocation and secured financial transaction infrastructure, or SFTI, network and provide timely, reliable and secure transmission of our data to customers. SFTI is a physical network infrastructure that connects our markets and other major market centers with numerous market participants in the U.S. and Europe and allows those participants to receive data feeds. The acquisition builds on our global market data growth strategy by expanding the markets served, adding technology platforms and increasing new data and valuation services. The combined company will offer customers efficiencies in accessing data on an integrated platform while serving the growing demand for data, analysis, valuation and connectivity globally.