Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The markets for software and related services, especially highly-available connected services, are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. The result is a global market that is shifting from traditional services that are paper-based, human-produced, and brick-and-mortar bound, to one where people understand, demand, and embrace the benefits of connected services. This trend toward connected services is the primary driver of the strategies in all of our businesses. Our consumer tax, professional tax, and small business offerings have significant and distinct seasonal patterns, and we expect the overall seasonality of our business to continue to have a significant impact on our quarterly financial results in the future. We are focusing small business segment resources on the enhancement and marketing of our quickbooks online and quickbooks desktop subscription offerings. As a result, quickbooks desktop license units and revenue have been declining as more customers choose our hosted and subscription offerings, and we expect this trend to continue. In our payments business, we are focusing resources on core offerings for quickbooks merchants in support of our small business ecosystem approach. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2015 as well as our future prospects. We have included their results of operations in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. The change to our desktop software offerings also impacted our professional tax segment, whose revenue decreased 33% compared with fiscal 2014. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We help customers manage their financial lives, and we face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. As part of this effort, we implemented additional security measures in our products and began working with state governments to share information regarding suspicious filings while continuing to share such information with the federal government. We expect to continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. Our connected services offerings have generally grown faster than those for our traditional desktop software offerings, reflecting our strategic focus on connected services over the past few years. Connected services generated $3.0 billion or 73% of our total revenue in fiscal 2015, compared with about 50% of our total revenue seven years ago. We expect connected services revenue as a percentage of our total revenue to continue to grow in the future.