The company’s operations are organized and managed based on similar product offerings and similar end markets, which are reported to senior management as segments. The ITW business model is the company's core source of value creation and defines how ITW creates value for its shareholders, comprising elements such as the 80/20 management process, which is a proprietary, holistic business management process that generates significant value. This process enables ITW businesses to consistently deliver world-class operational excellence in regards to product availability, quality, and innovation while generating superior financial performance. Customer-back innovation, fueled by insights from the 80/20 management process, positions ITW businesses as problem solvers for their customers, driving innovation and contributing to a portfolio of over 16,000 patents. The decentralized, entrepreneurial culture allows ITW businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive, providing significant flexibility within the framework of the ITW business model to customize their approach to best serve customers. The company has made considerable progress in leveraging its business model to deliver best-in-class margins and returns, focusing on strategic sourcing as a core operational capability. The 80/20-enabled sourcing organization has delivered consistent reductions in spend, enhancing competitiveness and supporting organic growth. The company’s enterprise strategy includes transitioning to organic growth, which requires portfolio management, business structure simplification, and strategic sourcing. These initiatives aim to construct and maintain a business portfolio capable of delivering consistent above-market organic growth. The company has exited commoditized market spaces and prioritized sustainable differentiation, resulting in a business portfolio with significantly higher organic growth potential. ITW segments now possess attractive and differentiated product lines and end markets, improving margins and generating price/cost increases. The application of the 80/20 management process to optimize newly scaled-up divisions for growth involves building a foundation of operational excellence and identifying the best opportunities to drive organic growth. The company expects that this framework is capable of delivering above-market organic growth across all segments. The focus on leveraging the ITW business model through consistent implementation of best practices presents significant opportunities for incremental improvement in margins and returns, evidenced by improvements in operating margin and after-tax return on invested capital. The company’s strategic sourcing and the 80/20 management process contribute to restructuring initiatives that reduce costs and improve profitability. The company’s financial results reflect the successful execution of enterprise initiatives despite challenges such as foreign currency translation and market conditions. The company’s ability to generate cash internally to fund initiatives is supported by free cash flow, which is utilized for investments in organic growth, dividends, and strategic acquisitions. The company believes that its cash flow and access to credit markets are sufficient to finance its capital allocation priorities, including investments in technology and operational capabilities that enhance business performance and support strategic resource allocation.