We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. We operate primarily in the U.S., Mexico, and Canada, and we also distribute our products in the Caribbean. We believe the North American LRB market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties, including increased health consciousness and changes in consumer preferences, which impact our ability to respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products and enhancing our marketing strategies. We are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, and we believe marketing and product innovations that target fast-growing population segments could drive market growth. Additionally, as more consumers are faced with a busy and on-the-go lifestyle, sales of single-serve beverages could increase, which typically have higher margins. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate variability in the expected future cash flows associated with certain third-party and intercompany transactions denominated in currencies other than our Mexican and Canadian entities' functional currencies. We use derivative instruments such as foreign exchange forward contracts to manage a portion of our exposure in these expected future cash flows to changes in foreign exchange rates. We believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences. Our capital expenditures primarily related to machinery and equipment, including production improvements in our Mexico facilities, distribution fleet, and IT investments. We have made strategic investments in allied brands to strengthen our existing distribution partnerships. We may continue to make future equity investments in allied brands and/or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors, and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage. Our capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2015, included IT investments, expansion, and replacement of existing cold drink equipment. We believe that our operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. We expect to incur annual capital expenditures, net of proceeds from disposals, in an amount of approximately 3% of our net sales, which we expect to fund through cash provided by operating activities. We have also made acquisitions to strengthen our route to market in the U.S. and support efforts to build and enhance our leading brands. Our cash balances are used to fund working capital requirements, scheduled debt and interest payments, income tax obligations, repurchases of our common stock, dividend payments, and capital expenditures. We have a deferred compensation plan where the assets are maintained in a rabbi trust, and the corresponding liability related to the plan is recorded in other non-current liabilities. We believe the use of actuarial methods to estimate our future losses provides a consistent and effective way to measure our self-insured liabilities. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our self-insured liabilities.