The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions in applying our accounting policies that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. We discuss the development and selection of critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors on a quarterly basis. Our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies, or to increase their production volumes in response to market demand. The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits that are incorporated into sophisticated mobile devices. Our earnings will depend not only on our revenue levels but also on the amount of research and development spending required to meet our customers' technology roadmaps. We have maintained production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. The timing for our customers in ordering and taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment is determined by their requirements to meet the next generation production ramp schedules and the timing for capacity expansion to meet end customer demand. We believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies as we address the yield challenges our customers face at future technology nodes. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. The increase in service revenues is primarily a function of the number of post-warranty systems installed at our customers' sites and the utilization of those systems, but it is also impacted by other factors, such as our rate of service contract renewals. Our customer base continues to become more highly concentrated over time, thereby increasing the potential impact of a sudden change in capital spending by a major customer on our revenues and profitability. The semiconductor industry has also been characterized by constant technological innovation, and the growing use of increasingly sophisticated semiconductor devices in mobile consumer products has caused many of our customers to invest in additional semiconductor manufacturing capabilities and capacity. We have agreements with financial institutions to sell certain of our trade receivables and promissory notes from customers without recourse. Our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, and others of which relate to the uncertainties of global and regional economies and the semiconductor and semiconductor equipment industries. We expect that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances and our unfunded revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividends, stock repurchases, and other contractual obligations for at least the next 12 months.