The market for supply of natural gas is highly competitive, and new pipelines, storage facilities, treating facilities, and facilities for related services are currently being built to serve the growing demand for natural gas in each of the markets served by the pipelines in our natural gas pipelines business segment. Our operations compete with interstate and intrastate pipelines, and their shippers, for connections to new markets and supplies and for transportation, processing, and treating services. We believe the principal elements of competition in our various markets are location, rates, terms of service, and flexibility and reliability of service. Our business strategy is to focus on stable, fee-based energy transportation and storage assets that are central to the energy infrastructure of growing markets within North America; increase utilization of our existing assets while controlling costs, operating safely, and employing environmentally sound operating practices; leverage economies of scale from incremental acquisitions and expansions of assets that fit within our strategy and are accretive to cash flow; and maintain a strong balance sheet and return value to our stockholders. We regularly consider and enter into discussions regarding potential acquisitions and are currently contemplating potential acquisitions. Our business model, through our ownership and operation of energy-related assets, is built to support two principal objectives: helping customers by providing safe and reliable energy, bulk commodity, and liquids products transportation, storage, and distribution; and creating long-term value for our shareholders. We focus on providing fee-based services to customers from a business portfolio consisting of energy-related pipelines, natural gas storage, processing and treating facilities, and bulk and liquids terminal facilities. Our reportable business segments are based on the way our management organizes our enterprise, and each of our business segments represents a component of our enterprise that engages in a separate business activity and for which discrete financial information is available. Our natural gas pipelines segment includes interstate and intrastate pipelines and our LNG terminals, and includes both FERC regulated and non-FERC regulated assets. Our primary businesses in this segment consist of natural gas sales, transportation, storage, gathering, processing and treating, and the terminaling of LNG. Our transportation network provides access to the major natural gas supply areas and consumers in the western U.S., Louisiana, Texas, the Midwest, Northeast, Rocky Mountain, Midwest, and Southeastern regions. We expect that a full year of contributions from our 2015 acquisitions and expansions, along with partial-year contributions from our anticipated 2016 expansion investments, will generate incremental earnings and cash flow from our assets in 2016 and beyond. Our expectations for 2016 involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, and are not guarantees of performance. Many of the factors that will determine these expectations are beyond our ability to control or predict. Our capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the amount we expect to spend for 2016 to sustain and grow our business are as follows: sustaining capital expenditures and discretionary capital expenditures. We believe our cash position, remaining borrowing capacity on our credit facility, and our cash flows from operating activities are adequate to allow us to manage our day-to-day cash requirements and anticipated obligations.