Throughout 2015, we remained committed to our key priorities, capitalizing on opportunities within an improving economy and further pursuing top line growth through differentiating ourselves with better customer experiences, improving our product and service offering for the pro customer, and driving productivity and profitability. In addition, we continued to enhance our omni-channel capabilities, providing not just the products, but also the services, information, and advice to help our customers at every step of the home improvement journey and build a greater affinity for the Lowe's brand. We leveraged our customer experience design capabilities as well as our larger store format to showcase the outdoor living experience and the holiday décor experience which drove strong sales and attachment for products during the year. Our re-launch of lowesforpros.com in the first half of the year provides the pro customer with an easy online ordering experience with their choice of in-store pick-up or delivery, saving the pro time and money. We also continued to enhance our omni-channel capabilities in 2015. Online, we have enhanced our customer experience and presentation through lowes.com, including improved product search, integrated and upgraded product videos, enhanced product presentation, and simplified product groupings to make it easy for customers to make their selections. Our in-home selling networks, including both interior and exterior project specialists, continued to expand with exterior specialists available across all US stores and interior specialists expected in all stores by the end of fiscal year 2016. We effectively managed payroll hours on solid comparable sales growth and improved productivity in advertising through targeted spend. We increased the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing spend through optimized media allocation, presence in targeted digital advertising, expanded social media presence, and reduced print advertising, all while maintaining our customer reach and improving exposure. We also remained committed to identifying and implementing additional expense efficiencies by leveraging our scale to achieve cost savings on indirect spend, which improves the flow through of sales dollars to operating profit. Our strategic framework along with our efforts to improve productivity and profitability give us confidence in our business outlook for 2016. We believe that net cash provided by operating and financing activities will be adequate not only for our operating requirements, but also for investments in our existing stores, investments in information technology, expansion plans, acquisitions, if any, and to return cash to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases over the next 12 months. Investments in our existing stores, including investments in remerchandising, store equipment, and technology, are expected to account for approximately 30% of net cash outflow. Our fiscal 2016 capital forecast is approximately $1.5 billion. This transaction is expected to accelerate Lowe's growth strategy by significantly expanding our presence in the Canadian market through the addition of Rona's attractive business and store locations. We will also focus on driving productivity and profitability through payroll and marketing optimization and leveraging our scale to achieve cost savings on indirect spend. We anticipate financing the transaction through the debt capital markets. Our ongoing share repurchase program is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions. We expect to repurchase shares totaling $3.5 billion through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions in accordance with SEC regulations.