The semiconductor capital equipment industry has been highly competitive and characterized by rapid changes in demand. This cyclicality has been mitigated in recent years by market demands and consolidation among our customers. Demand for our products was strong throughout the fiscal year as semiconductor device manufacturers made capacity and technology investments. We believe that, over the longer term, demand for our products should increase as the proportion of customers' capital expenditures rises in these technology inflection areas, and we continue to gain market share. Our market-leading products are designed to help our customers build the smaller, faster, and more powerful devices that are necessary to power the capabilities required by end users. The increase in shipments during fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014, as well as the increase in shipments during fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013, related to continued strengthening of customer demand for semiconductor equipment. The revenue increase in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014 reflected an increase in technology and capacity investments by our customers. The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to a $71 million increase in salaries and benefits related to increased headcount and higher incentive and equity compensation, a $12 million increase in supplies, a $5 million increase in depreciation and lab maintenance, and a $6 million increase in outside services. We continued to make significant R&D investments focused on leading-edge deposition, plasma etch, single-wafer clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing requirements. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to Japanese customers was approximately $164 million as of June 28, 2015, compared to $34 million as of June 29, 2014. Our cash flows provided from operating activities in fiscal 2015 were primarily used for treasury stock purchases, dividends paid to our stockholders, and capital expenditures. Given the historical cyclical nature of the semiconductor equipment industry, we believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure. We expect that our levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to support our presently anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, and capital expenditures through at least the next 12 months. Our liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. The process of integrated circuits fabrication consists of a complex series of process and preparation steps, and our product offerings in deposition, etch, and clean address a number of the most critical steps in the fabrication process. We leverage our expertise in semiconductor processing to develop technology and/or productivity solutions that typically benefit our customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster processing time, and reduced cost as well as by facilitating their ability to meet more stringent performance and design standards. Our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and investments balances totaled approximately $4.2 billion as of June 28, 2015, compared to $3.2 billion as of June 29, 2014. This increase was primarily the result of net proceeds from senior notes issuance. The variability in our customers' investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors including but not limited to electronics demand, economic conditions, industry supply and demand, and prices for semiconductors.