We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. Our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use website, marriott.com, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications and mobile website that connect to marriott.com, through functionality and service improvements, and we expect to continue capturing an increasing proportion of property-level reservations via this cost-efficient channel. We believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. Nonetheless, our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new marriott-branded properties, both of which are important parts of our growth plan, depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. We expect the number of our open hotel rooms to increase approximately 8 percent in 2016. This development pipeline and expected hotel room growth information does not include rooms that will join our system through the starwood combination. Our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new marriott-branded properties, both of which are important parts of our growth plan, depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. We believe that our approach to property-level and above-property productivity will continue to drive our performance. We continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. Our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior customer service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, and desirable property amenities. We also believe that revenue per available room is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. We have over 270,000 hotel rooms in our development pipeline as of year-end 2015, which includes hotel rooms under construction and under signed contracts, as well as nearly 27,000 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use website, marriott.com, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications and mobile website that connect to marriott.com, through functionality and service improvements. Our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity.