The company's strategic direction and financial performance are closely tied to the alignment among the company, its franchisees, and suppliers, collectively referred to as the "system." By leveraging this system, the company is able to identify, implement, and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company is building on its competitive advantages of convenience, scale, geographic diversification, and system alignment, which have been created over time. The company is also enhancing its operational growth by investing in technology to innovate the way customers can order and how they are served, which represents elements of the experience of the future. The company is focused on enhancing the quality, choice, and variety of its menu, while also building upon investments made in reimaging and technology. The company's new operating structure is designed to sharpen its focus on the customer, drive greater accountability, and remove distractions and bureaucracy, which is expected to enable faster decision-making and an increased ability to move proven initiatives quickly across markets. The international lead markets are focused on using data insights to better understand and respond to changing customer needs and expectations, with initiatives including modernizing cooking and service platforms. These markets are also testing solutions such as self-order kiosks and table service that help restaurant teams better connect with and serve customers, thereby driving overall business performance. The high growth markets are implementing a digital strategy with specific mobile solutions to build the business and brand trust, while also focusing on creating customer excitement through menu promotions and value. The foundational markets are emphasizing core favorites and ensuring strong everyday value platforms are in place, complemented by exciting new menu news tailored to local tastes. The company is pursuing refranchising opportunities to optimize its restaurant ownership mix, generate more stable and predictable revenue and cash flow streams, and operate with a less resource-intensive structure. The company is also exploring the sale of a portion of its ownership in certain markets to strategic investors who could help advance turnaround efforts and unlock growth potential. The company's financial results reflect two distinct performance periods, with the first half of the year focused on resetting the business and refocusing on customers, while the second half was about execution, with results turning positive. The company is committed to elevating every aspect of the customer experience with the essential imperative of running great restaurants, while also managing inflationary cost increases effectively through rapid inventory turnover and the ability to adjust menu prices. The company's substantial cash flow and strong investment-grade credit rating provide flexibility to fund capital expenditures and return cash to shareholders, while also enabling continued investment in the business.