The company's fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. We conduct our business through two operating segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions. Revenues for 2016 and 2015 increased 7% and 30% compared to the same periods a year ago. Revenues benefited from market growth and expanded volume with existing customers within our North America pharmaceutical distribution businesses. Additionally, technology solutions revenues decreased over the last two years primarily due to a decline in hospital software revenues, partially offset by higher revenues in our other businesses. The cost alignment plan primarily consists of a reduction in workforce and business process initiatives that will be substantially implemented prior to the end of 2019. Operating expenses for 2016 include pre-tax charges associated with the cost alignment plan of $156 million, $30 million, and $17 million within our distribution solutions and technology solutions segments, and corporate. The company expects to record total pre-tax charges of approximately $270 million to $290 million as a result of the cost alignment plan. The technology solutions segment's operating expenses and operating expenses as a percentage of revenues in 2016 decreased compared to the prior year primarily due to the sale of our nurse triage business in the first quarter of 2016, including a pre-tax gain on sale of $51 million, and lower compensation and benefit costs. These decreases were partially offset by pre-tax charges of $30 million for the cost alignment plan as well as the write-off of internal-use software. The company has recently acquired or has agreements to acquire a number of businesses whose financial results will be reported within our distribution solutions segment from their respective acquisition date. We have entered into agreements to acquire companies of which approximately $3.4 billion is anticipated to be paid in 2017. The company's board has authorized the repurchase of McKesson's common stock from time-to-time in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchase programs, or by any combination of such methods. The timing of any repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, restrictions under our debt obligations, and other market and economic conditions. The distribution solutions segment requires a substantial investment in working capital that is susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. Cash flows from operations can be significantly impacted by factors such as the timing of receipts from customers and payments to vendors. The company believes that its operating cash flow, financial assets, and current access to capital and credit markets will give it the ability to meet its financing needs for the foreseeable future. The company is subject to various claims, including claims with customers and vendors, pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations, and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of its business. The company continuously monitors outstanding receivables and other customer financing and adjusts allowances for accounts where collection may be in doubt. The company's foreign operations represented approximately 17%, 20%, and 11% of its consolidated revenues in 2016, 2015, and 2014. The company expects to recognize an after-tax charge of approximately $80 million to $100 million upon the disposition of the business within discontinued operations as a result of settlement of certain indemnifications.