The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. Our goals are to achieve industry-leading revenue growth over time driven by the higher expected growth rates of advantaged snack categories; leverage our cost structure through supply chain reinvention, productivity programs, overhead streamlining, volume growth, and improved product mix to drive margin gains; and grow earnings per share in the top tier of our peer group. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. We continue to make investments in our brands and build strong routes to market to address the needs of consumers in emerging and developed markets. In doing so, we anticipate stimulating demand in our categories and growing our position in these markets. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets. Some of these markets have greater political and economic volatility and vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional, and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale, and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on product quality, bringing new products and innovations to market, and effectively meeting consumer needs and preferences. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. We manage our business to achieve top-tier financial performance using three key operating metrics: organic net revenue, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EPS. We also monitor a number of factors and trends that we expect may impact our revenues and profitability objectives, including long-term demographics and consumer trends. We have built a presence in the snacking category and have expanded geographically while continuing to invest in product quality, marketing, and innovation. Our goals are to achieve industry-leading revenue growth over time driven by higher expected growth rates of advantaged snack categories. We leverage our cost structure through supply chain reinvention, productivity programs, and overhead streamlining. We expect these trends to continue leading to growth in key consumer behaviors, including increased snacking occasions, greater use of convenience food, and migration to more frequent, smaller meals. Our investment in technology and innovation is critical to achieving operational efficiency and enhancing our competitive advantage. We expect to continue to fund these expenditures from operations, which will support our ongoing efforts to enhance our IT capabilities and align our technology infrastructure with our strategic objectives. The integration of our technology resources and capabilities is essential for optimizing our operational processes and improving our market responsiveness. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform our firm into a competitive force.