3M is investing in business transformation, defined as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery across 3M to move to more efficient business models to improve operational efficiency and productivity, while allowing 3M to serve customers with greater speed and efficiency. This transformation is enabled by the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system on a worldwide basis. The company is continuing to invest in its operations to drive growth, including continual review of acquisition opportunities. 3M's capital spending includes investments in IT systems and infrastructure, particularly the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an ERP system. The company expects to continue to invest in critical developing markets, such as Brazil, China, Mexico, Panama, Poland, Southeast Asia, and Turkey, enhancing its operational capabilities and market responsiveness. 3M's focus on research and development has resulted in a portion of 3M's value being comprised of internally developed businesses that have no goodwill associated with them. The company is actively considering additional acquisitions, investments, and strategic alliances, which may also include divestitures of certain businesses. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. 3M's IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of the firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The company’s IT capability represents the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The ongoing investments in IT systems and infrastructure are expected to enhance 3M's operational flexibility and support its strategic resource allocation. The company believes that these investments will contribute to performance gains and improved organizational effectiveness. 3M's management emphasizes the significance of information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions. The company continues to leverage its IT resources to enhance its competitive advantage and improve its market-based performance. 3M's strategic investments include incremental programs around disruptive research and development and business transformation, which are expected to enhance its operational efficiency and drive innovation across its business segments. The company is committed to maintaining its strong balance sheet and liquidity, which provide the flexibility to take advantage of numerous opportunities, including investments in IT capabilities that are critical to its future growth and success.