Morgan Stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions, and individuals. The results of operations in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected by competition, risk factors, legislative, legal and regulatory developments, as well as other factors. These factors also may have an adverse impact on the company’s ability to achieve its strategic objectives. The company’s return on equity target and its related strategies, goals and targets are forward-looking statements that may be materially affected by many factors including, among other things: macroeconomic and market conditions; legislative and regulatory developments; industry trading and investment banking volumes; equity market levels; interest rate environment; legal expenses; capital levels; and discrete tax items. Given the uncertainties surrounding these and other factors, there are significant risks that the company’s return on equity target and its related strategies and targets may not be realized. Actual results may differ from goals and targets, and the differences may be material and adverse. The company aims to improve its returns to shareholders and has established a target of achieving a 9% to 11% return on average common equity excluding debt valuation adjustment by 2017, subject to the successful execution of its strategic objectives. The company plans to progress toward achieving its return on equity target through revenue and profitability growth, expense efficiency, and sufficient capital. The company engages in activities across all of its trading businesses that include managing and assuming basis risk between customized customer risks and standardized products available in the market to hedge those risks. The company’s liquidity obligations can be explicit and obligatory in some cases, and in others, customers expect the company to be willing to transact with them. In order to most effectively fulfill its market-making function, the company stands ready to buy, sell or otherwise transact with customers under a variety of market conditions. The company’s investments generally are held for long-term appreciation, or as discussed above, hedging purposes, and generally are subject to significant sales restrictions. Estimates of the fair value of the investments may involve significant judgment and may fluctuate significantly over time in light of business, market, economic and financial conditions generally or in relation to specific transactions. The company’s return on average common equity was 8.5% in 2015, or 7.8% excluding debt valuation adjustment, and 7.0% excluding debt valuation adjustment and the net discrete tax benefits. The company reported net revenues of $35,155 million in 2015, a 3% increase from net revenues of $34,275 million in 2014. The institutional securities net revenues of $17,953 million in 2015 increased 6% compared with $16,871 million in 2014, primarily as a result of higher sales and trading net revenues. Wealth management net revenues of $15,100 million in 2015 increased 1% from $14,888 million in 2014, primarily as a result of higher net interest income and asset management revenues. The company’s non-compensation expenses were $10,644 million in 2015 compared with $12,860 million in 2014, representing a 17% decrease, primarily as a result of lower legal expenses in the institutional securities business segment associated with residential mortgage-backed securities and credit crisis-related matters. The company’s performance metrics reflect the impact of various factors, including operational efficiency, market dynamics, and strategic resource allocation, which are critical in supporting the firm’s capabilities and competitive positioning in the financial services industry.