The acquisition of Airwave enables us to grow revenue and geographically diversify our global managed & support services offerings within our services segment, while offering a proven service delivery platform to build on for providing innovative, leading, mission-critical communications solutions and services to customers. Our products and services help government, public safety, and commercial customers improve their operations through increased effectiveness, efficiency, and safety of their mobile workforces. We serve our customers with a global footprint of sales in more than 100 countries based on our industry leading innovation and a deep portfolio of products and services. The services segment provides a full set of service offerings for government, public safety, and commercial communication networks including integration services, managed & support services, and IDEN services. Integration services includes the implementation, optimization, and integration of systems, devices, software, and applications. Managed & support services includes a continuum of service offerings beginning with repair, technical support, and hardware maintenance. More advanced offerings include network monitoring, software maintenance, and cyber security services. We expect to continue to see growing demands for our managed & support services going forward. These services offerings help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways including predictive policing, proactive support, or smarter response strategies. We expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards services over time. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend in serving our customers. We believe our expertise in both public and private networks makes us uniquely qualified to provide these public safety broadband solutions to this customer base. The expected decline in IDEN sales will impact both revenues and gross margins within the services segment as IDEN services' gross margins are generally higher than the remainder of our services portfolio. We remain committed to driving shareholder value with revenue growth, operating leverage, cash flow generation, and efficient capital deployment. We plan to demonstrate this through disciplined financial policies that will drive an additional reduction of $150 million of organic SG&A and R&D expenses in 2016, bringing the cumulative reduction in operating expenses to more than $600 million over the past three years. We strive to optimize our capital structure to enable prioritized investments in the business and targeted acquisitions as a source of generating solid future operating cash flows. We expect to continue the quarterly dividends that were initiated in 2011 as well as the opportunity to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. Our share repurchase program has approximately $1.0 billion of authority available as of December 31, 2015. We believe we are well-positioned to compete in both our core markets and adjacent growth areas. As we add new products, features, and software upgrades, we ensure our solutions are interoperable and backward-compatible, enabling customers to confidently invest for their future needs while allowing them to utilize their prior investment in our technology. The acquisition of Airwave, the largest private operator of a public safety network in the world, will expand our managed & support services business. We have been proactively investing in next-generation public safety broadband solutions for years, as we believe public safety LTE solutions are the next-generation tool for our public safety first-responder customers. We have now won the four largest public safety LTE network installations awarded to date and expect LTE sales to represent a larger portion of our revenue in the coming years.