Servicenow is a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions that define, structure, manage, and automate services across the global enterprise. Our mission is to help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable by applying a service-oriented lens to the activities, tasks, and processes that comprise day-to-day work life. Our solutions empower enterprises to change the way people work. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. Our enterprise service management solutions include service management, business management, and the Servicenow platform, which have similar features and functions and are generally priced on a per-user basis. Our IT operations management solutions improve visibility, availability, and agility of enterprise services. We expect subscription revenues for our IT operations management solutions to grow in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues. We have aggressively invested in, and intend to continue to invest in, our direct sales force and partnerships with our indirect sales channel to grow our customer base. Our total customer count is a key indicator of our market penetration, growth, and future revenues. We believe our total customer count is a key indicator of our market penetration, growth, and future revenues. Our renewal rate was 98%, 97%, and 96% for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. To grow our business, it is important for us to generate additional sales from existing customers, which we refer to as our upsell rate. Our upsell rate was 38%, 43%, and 39% for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total billings and revenues. We believe billings offer investors useful supplemental information regarding the performance of our business and will help investors better understand the sales volume and performance of our business. We define billings as revenue recognized plus the change in total deferred revenue. Our subscription revenues consist primarily of fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service, related support, and upgrades to the subscribed service during the subscription term. We typically invoice our customers for subscription fees in annual increments upon execution of the initial contract or subsequent renewal. Our contracts are generally non-cancelable during the subscription term, though a customer can terminate for breach if we materially fail to perform. Our professional services revenues consist of fees associated with the implementation and configuration of our subscription service. We generally invoice our professional services monthly in arrears based on actual hours and expenses incurred. The cost of subscription revenues consists primarily of expenses related to hosting our services and providing support to our customers. These expenses are comprised of data center capacity costs, depreciation related to our cloud-based infrastructure hardware equipment dedicated for customer use, and personnel-related costs directly associated with our cloud-based infrastructure and customer support. We expect our cost of subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollar terms as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase the number of users within our customer instances. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses directly associated with our research and development staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation. We expect research and development expenses to increase for the year ended December 31, 2016, in absolute dollar terms, but remain relatively flat as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to improve the existing functionality of our services and develop new applications to fill market needs.