Nvidia has transformed into a specialized platform company that targets four large markets - gaming, professional visualization, datacenter, and automotive - where visual computing is essential and valued. Our vertical integration enables us to bring together hardware, system software, programmable algorithms, systems, and services to create unique value for the markets we serve. We are focused on delivering value through PC, mobile, and cloud architectures. We announced our next-generation Pascal GPU architecture, which is expected to accelerate deep learning applications faster than our current-generation Maxwell processors. We introduced an end-to-end hyperscale datacenter deep learning platform consisting of two accelerators, the Nvidia Tesla M40 and Nvidia Tesla M4, that lets web-services companies accelerate deep learning workloads. Our GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets including GeForce for gamers and Tesla for researchers and analysts focused on artificial intelligence, deep learning, and big data. We also integrate our GPUs into powerful mobile system-on-a-chip processors, which drive supercomputing capabilities for tablets and online gaming and entertainment devices, as well as autonomous robots, drones, and cars. For the automotive market, we are partnering with several companies to use our Nvidia Drive PX platform in their autonomous driving efforts. We launched Nvidia Drive PX 2, a powerful engine for in-vehicle artificial intelligence. Our research and development expenses decreased by 2% in fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily driven by the wind-down of Icera modem operations and other organization efficiencies, partially offset by increases in employee compensation and related costs. Our operating expenses for fiscal year 2016 included $131 million of restructuring and other charges related to the wind-down of our Icera modem operations. The wind-down allows for continued investment in strategic growth areas, including deep learning, self-driving cars, and gaming. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges to operating expense of approximately $1 million to $2 million per quarter for each of the first two quarters of fiscal year 2017. Our overall gross margin was 56.1%, 55.5%, and 54.9% for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively, driven primarily by a richer product mix in our GPU business. The gross margin of our GPU business increased during fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 primarily due to a richer product mix resulting from stronger sales of our GeForce GPU products for gaming. The gross margin of our Tegra processor business decreased during fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 due to inventory provisions and a less rich product mix resulting from higher automotive and shield product sales. We believe that our existing cash balances and anticipated cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating, acquisition, share repurchase, cash dividend, and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, there is no assurance that we will not need to raise additional equity or debt financing within this time frame. Factors that could affect our cash used or generated from operations and, as a result, our need to seek additional borrowings or capital include decreased demand and market acceptance for our products and/or our customers' products, inability to successfully develop and produce in volume production our next-generation products, and competitive pressures resulting in lower than expected average selling prices.