In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including our critical accounting estimates and the inflation and seasonality of our business. We believe the key drivers of current and future demand of the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age, and unemployment. Our ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences reflect our commitment to operational flexibility and market responsiveness. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. Our stores carry an extensive product line differentiated by quality and price, and our sales and total gross margin dollars are highest for the "best" quality category of products. The improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better-engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. Our comparable store sales increase was driven by increases in average ticket values and customer transaction counts for both DIY and professional service provider customers. We opened 205 net new stores during the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to 200 net new stores for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in gross profit dollars was primarily a result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores and sales from new stores. Our policy is to not write up inventory in excess of replacement cost, and accordingly, we are effectively valuing our inventory at replacement cost. The increase in total SG&A dollars was primarily the result of additional team members, facilities, and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count. Our supplier financing programs enable us to reduce overall supply chain costs and negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers. The increase in our DIY transaction counts benefited from our continued focus on staffing our stores with knowledgeable parts professionals to assist our DIY customers during high DIY traffic periods. The anticipated increase in commuter miles is expected to support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products. We believe total employment should continue to increase, and we would expect to see a corresponding increase in commuter traffic as unemployed individuals return to work. Our strategic resource allocation and operational efficiencies are critical in maintaining our competitive advantage in the automotive aftermarket industry. Our liquidity and related ratios indicate a stable financial position, with current assets and liabilities reflecting our operational capabilities. The adoption of new accounting standards and the evaluation of potential future impacts on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows are ongoing processes that reflect our commitment to compliance and governance. We have historically utilized various off-balance sheet financial instruments but do not plan to utilize off-balance sheet arrangements in the future to fund our working capital requirements, operations, or growth plans.