We offer a comprehensive portfolio of human capital management ("HCM") services and products that allow our clients to meet their diverse payroll and human resource needs. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to drive growth in clients, revenue, and profits. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Looking to the future, we believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our client satisfaction results remained high, which we believe is a result of our focus on providing innovative technology solutions and outstanding personal service to our clients to maximize client retention. We continue to position ourselves to capitalize on the opportunities arising from the shift to SaaS solutions as we increase our investment in product development relating to our SaaS capabilities and mobile applications. We introduced Paychex Flex, a solution that includes our leading-edge, cloud-based platform and mobility applications, with a multi-tiered service offering, which streamlines workforce management through innovative technology and flexible choice of service. This provides a unique blend of both service and software that we believe differentiates us from our competitors. The comprehensive, cloud-based Paychex Flex platform offers powerful capabilities in a simple user experience that is adaptive to the needs of users across the HCM spectrum. All Paychex services, including payroll, time and attendance, HR, benefits, training, and performance management, are accessible on a single cloud-based platform with Paychex single sign-on. The mobile apps within Paychex Flex give employers access to the fullest set of employee data available on-the-go, in addition to plan-level views of retirement, health, and benefit accounts. Likewise, employees receive visibility into a wide set of personal and benefits data and functionality, including the industry's broadest set of retirement self-service features. We also expanded our mobile applications by introducing mobile applications for our Paychex Accounting Online services, time and attendance, and our expense management solution. Our full-service Paychex Employer Shared Responsibility services are experiencing strong market acceptance. The Affordable Care Act sets forth specific coverage and reporting requirements that employers must meet. Paychex ESR services help clients navigate the complexities of those requirements, avoid steep fines and penalties, and reduce ACA-related administrative work. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our investment strategy focuses on protecting principal and optimizing liquidity. We believe that our investments as of May 31, 2015, were not other-than-temporarily impaired, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date that would indicate any other-than-temporary impairment. We anticipate that cash and total corporate investments, along with projected operating cash flows, will support our normal business operations, capital purchases, business acquisitions, share repurchases, and dividend payments for the foreseeable future. We believe that investing in our service supporting technology is essential for our operational efficiency and competitive advantage in the market.