We continue to focus on expense management while investing in technology to bolster critical business infrastructure and streamline core processes. Our strategies for growing fee income across our lines of business are focused on achieving deeper market penetration and cross-selling our diverse product mix to meet the broad range of financial needs of our customers. Additionally, we continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our corporate responsibility to the communities where we do business. PNC is focused on redefining the retail banking experience by transforming to a more customer-centric and sustainable model while lowering delivery costs as customer banking preferences evolve. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, fee-based, and credit products and services. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships that meet our risk/return measures. We are seeking to attract more of the investable assets of new and existing clients. Our capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, and return excess capital to shareholders. We utilize technology to develop and deliver products and services to our customers and protect PNC's systems and customer information. Our financial performance is substantially affected by a number of external factors outside of our control, including domestic and global economic conditions, the continuity, speed, and stamina of the current U.S. economic expansion, and changes in the competitive and regulatory landscape. Our success will depend upon focused execution of our strategic priorities and achieving targeted outcomes, including our ability to build a leading banking franchise in our underpenetrated geographic markets and grow profitability through the acquisition and retention of customers. We are also focused on effectively managing capital and liquidity, including maintaining and growing our deposit base as a low-cost stable funding source. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment is crucial. We continue to invest in technology to enhance our operational efficiency and effectiveness, which is critical for supporting our business strategies. The integration of technology into our operations is essential for improving our customer value proposition and achieving competitive advantage. Our technology investments are aimed at enhancing our capabilities in data management, information processing, and operational flexibility, which are vital for responding to market dynamics and consumer demands. We also recognize the importance of leveraging our IT capabilities to support business innovation and transformation, thereby enhancing our overall firm performance. The ongoing evolution of our IT capabilities is integral to our strategic resource allocation and investment decisions, enabling us to better meet the changing needs of our customers and adapt to the competitive landscape.