Management believes that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet challenges effectively. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. Our self-storage operations are analyzed in two groups: the same store facilities, representing the facilities that we have owned and operated on a stabilized basis since January 1, 2013, and all other facilities, which are newly acquired, newly developed, or recently expanded. We believe that our real estate development activities are beneficial to our business operations over the long run. However, in the short run, due to the three to four year period that it takes to fill up newly developed storage space and achieve a stabilized level of cash flows, our earnings are diluted because earnings from those newly developed and expanded facilities are less than the cost of the capital required in order to fund the development cost. We expect the non same store facilities to continue to provide increased net operating income in 2016 as these facilities approach stabilized occupancy levels and the earnings of the 2015 acquisitions are reflected in our operations for a longer period in 2016 as compared to 2015. We will continue to seek to acquire properties; however, there is significant competition to acquire existing facilities and there can be no assurance as to the level of facilities we may acquire. We believe that the resulting dilution from our development activities will also grow in 2016 and beyond. We expect to continue to pass similar rent increases to long-term tenants in 2016 as we did in 2015. Our future rental growth will also be dependent upon many factors for each market that we operate in, including demand for self-storage space, the level of new supply of self-storage space, and the average length of stay of our tenants. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows. We believe that our net cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing requirements for operating expenses, capital improvements, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. Our capital resources include cash, available borrowing capacity on our revolving line of credit, expected retained operating cash flow, and net proceeds from the issuance of preferred securities. We expect to incur approximately $73 million for capital expenditures and to fund such amounts with cash provided by operating activities. We believe we have a variety of possibilities to raise additional capital, if needed, to fund such future commitments including issuing common or preferred securities, issuing debt, or entering into joint venture arrangements to acquire or develop facilities.