The services we provide include the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of infrastructure within each of the industries we serve, such as electric power transmission and distribution networks, substation facilities, and renewable energy facilities. Our integrated operations and common administrative support at each of our operating units require that certain allocations, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, be made to determine operating segment profitability. The electric power infrastructure services segment provides comprehensive network solutions to customers in the electric power industry, including the installation of "smart grid" technologies on electric power networks. We believe that our comprehensive services, industry knowledge, and experience in the design, installation, and maintenance of renewable energy facilities will enable us to support our customers' renewable energy efforts. The significant improvement in access to natural gas resources from unconventional shale formations in the United States and Canada has dramatically increased the near- and long-term supply of natural gas in North America, which is anticipated to create demand for our infrastructure services over time. We are closely monitoring our customers and the effect that changes in economic and market conditions have had or may have on them. We believe that the development of such resources may continue over the long term and that building this infrastructure would take a number of years, which we believe should increase demand for our services over the long term. We also believe that our financial strength, entrepreneurial operating model, and experienced management team are attractive to acquisition candidates. We consider renewable energy, including solar, wind, and certain types of natural gas generation facilities, to be an ongoing opportunity for our engineering, project management, and installation services. The regulatory and environmental permitting processes remain a hurdle for some proposed transmission and renewable energy projects, and these factors continue to create uncertainty as to the timing of this spending. We believe that utilities remain committed to the expansion and strengthening of their transmission infrastructure with planning, engineering, and funding for many of their projects in place. We anticipate many of these issues to be overcome and spending on transmission projects to be active over the next few years. Our oil and gas infrastructure services segment is highly cyclical and subject to volatility as a result of fluctuations in natural gas, natural gas liquids, and oil prices. The recent decline in prices has adversely impacted demand for some of our services, primarily infrastructure services in Australia, Canada, and the Gulf of Mexico. We believe that, over the long term, the market will correct the current oversupply, and as a result, oil prices could recover to higher levels. We are experiencing an increase in demand for our natural gas distribution services as a result of improved economic conditions, lower natural gas prices, and a significant need to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure. We expect this to take an extended period of time, which should provide attractive growth opportunities for this part of our business. We believe that our overall size and breadth of service offerings provide competitive advantages that allow us to leverage these potential opportunities that arise in connection with development and production of resources from North American unconventional shale formations, the Canadian oil sands, and coal seam gas and unconventional shale formations in Australia.