The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. Our ability to continue to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. We expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of Praluent and preparation for potential commercialization of our late-stage antibody product candidates. The planning, execution, and results of our clinical programs are significant factors that can affect our operating and financial results. We utilize external entities such as CROs, independent clinical investigators, and other third-party service providers to assist us with the execution of our clinical studies. Our research and development activities outside our collaborations are expected to expand and require additional resources. We prepare estimates of research and development costs for projects in clinical development, which include direct costs and allocations of certain costs such as indirect labor, non-cash compensation expense, and manufacturing and other costs related to activities that benefit multiple projects. Our estimates of research and development costs for clinical development programs are shown below, which include costs related to clinical trial expenses and clinical manufacturing costs. The increase in information technology and facility-related costs at our Tarrytown and Rensselaer, New York sites is associated with our higher headcount and expanded research and development activities. The collaboration revenue we earned from Sanofi primarily consisted of reimbursement for research and development expenses that we incurred, partly offset by sharing of losses in connection with commercialization of antibodies. Under our collaboration agreements, product sales and cost of sales for products which are currently approved are recorded by our collaborators. We share in any profits or losses arising from the commercialization of such products. Our collaborators provide us with estimated development expenses for the most recent fiscal quarter, and these estimates are reconciled to their actual expenses for such quarter in the subsequent fiscal quarter. We also recognize, as additional research and development expense, the portion of our collaborators' development expenses that we are obligated to reimburse. Our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively supports business needs and has become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We expect that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, and funds generated by anticipated Eylea net product sales will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future. The lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals, and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations. We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to supply clinical requirements of each drug candidate under the collaboration until commercial supplies of that drug candidate are being manufactured.