We are a diversified technology company that operates businesses designing and developing software and engineered products and solutions for various niche end markets. Our acquisitions have represented both additions to existing businesses and new strategic platforms, expanding and complementing our existing technologies. The preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments, and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Our management discusses areas requiring significant judgments with the audit committee, which reviews all financial disclosures in our annual filings. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management, and we evaluate accounts receivable collectibility based on economic circumstances and historical experience. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The application of critical accounting policies is essential for understanding our financial condition and results of operations. We have not changed the application of acceptable accounting methods or significant estimates affecting these principles in the last three years in a manner that had a material effect on our financial statements. We regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets when certain indicators of impairment are present. Our effective income tax rate was 30.6%, which was higher than the previous year due to a taxable gain on the divestiture of abel pumps. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 was primarily due to increased earnings net of intangible amortization related to acquisitions. We expect existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by our U.S. operations, our unsecured credit facility, as well as our expected ability to access the capital markets, will be sufficient to fund operating requirements in the U.S. for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, which will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2016 will be affected by the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. Our total debt was $3.3 billion at December 31, 2015, compared to $2.2 billion at December 31, 2014, due to debt borrowings for 2015 acquisitions. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets when certain indicators of impairment are present. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 was primarily due to increased earnings net of intangible amortization related to acquisitions and the collection of receivables. We expect existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by our U.S. operations, our unsecured credit facility, as well as our expected ability to access the capital markets, will be sufficient to fund operating requirements in the U.S. for the foreseeable future.