In 2016, we will continue to focus on managing the controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities, and reducing costs. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and increasing cash returns to our shareholders. We expect to reduce administrative staffing levels, relocate office space, and close certain office locations. As such, we will incur restructuring charges of approximately $25 million primarily for severance benefits, transition costs, and lease termination costs. We expect the savings realized from these restructuring efforts will be re-invested in our customer-focused programs and other initiatives we recently launched. Additionally, as part of these customer initiatives, we also will be consolidating our call center operations. Over the next two years, we will consolidate over 100 customer service locations into three customer resource centers. The new state-of-the-art facilities and the technology deployed will provide our customer service employees with the tools and capabilities they need to provide better service to customers across a myriad of touch points, including voice, email, text, social channels, and live chat. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. In situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Our definition of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which are not measures determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP), provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. We use these measures, and believe investors will find them helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. Our definition of free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We expect to primarily use cash for consideration paid for future business acquisitions. We have considered the implications of our restructuring on our reporting units used to measure for goodwill impairment, and we have noted no indicators of goodwill impairment. The consumer price index varies from a single historical stated period of time or an average of trailing historical rates over a stated period of time. In addition, the initial impact of pricing resets typically lags 6 to 12 months from the end of the index measurement period to the date the revised pricing goes into effect. As a result, current changes in a specific index may not manifest themselves in our reported pricing for several quarters into the future. The following table summarizes our revenue, costs, and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013. We have incurred comparable charges and costs and have recorded similar recoveries in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. The aggregate impact of the noted items to adjusted diluted earnings per share totals to $0.01 for the year ended December 31, 2014. We believe that presenting adjusted diluted earnings per share provides useful information regarding our recurring cash provided by operating activities after expenditures for property and equipment received, plus proceeds from sales of property and equipment.