The company's operations are highly dependent on the integrity of its technology systems and the company's success depends, in part, on its ability to make timely enhancements and additions to its technology in anticipation of evolving client needs. The company is committed to an ongoing process of upgrading, enhancing, and testing its technology systems. This effort is focused on meeting client needs, meeting market and regulatory changes, and deploying standardized technology platforms. The company has established policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and uses periodic risk self-assessments and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. The company maintains backup and recovery functions, including facilities for backup and communications, and conducts periodic testing of disaster recovery plans. The company also maintains policies and procedures and technology to protect against fraud and unauthorized access to systems and data. The company has designed and implemented a security program that knits together complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data. The company continuously monitors the systems and works collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. The company uses advanced monitoring systems to identify suspicious activity and deter unauthorized access by internal or external actors. The company limits the number of employees who have access to clients' personal information and enforces internal authentication measures to protect against the potential for social engineering. The company endeavors to protect its research and development efforts, and its brands, through the use of copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and contracts. The company's risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. The activities and organizations that comprise the risk management process are described in detail, including the establishment of risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. The company has established a policy to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use. The company has exposure to operational risk when it employs the services of various external vendors, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. The company manages its exposure to external vendor risk through contractual provisions, control standards, and ongoing monitoring of vendor performance. The company's management believes that the integration of technology into its operations is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and enhancing operational efficiency. The company actively engages in the research and development of new technologies, services, and products. The company's ability to develop and launch new products, services, and capabilities in a timely and successful manner is critical to its business strategy and market positioning. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business strategies and work processes. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.