The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with "selected financial data" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. We believe we are a leading global designer, producer, and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. Our business is well diversified due to the broad range of products we offer to our customers. We have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and execution of our value-driven operating strategy. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We believe our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with an aftermarket revenue stream, which reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel. Our business strategy is made up of a value-driven operating strategy focused around our core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skills and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing, and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. Our management team has significant experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many companies being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. Our presence in both the commercial aerospace and military sectors of the aerospace industry may mitigate the impact on our business of any specific industry risk. We service a diversified customer base in the commercial and military aerospace industry, providing components to a diverse installed base of aircraft, which mitigates our exposure to any individual airframe platform. Our business strategy emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical to our operational effectiveness. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The integration of technology into our operations enhances our ability to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands, thereby improving our competitive positioning and overall firm performance. The management of our technology resources and capabilities is essential for driving business innovation and transformation, ensuring that we remain agile and responsive to changes in the business environment.