We continue to increase our sales and service footprint worldwide and expand our supercharging and destination charging networks. With the continued global expansion of our customer support and supercharger infrastructure, selling, general and administrative expenses were $922.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to $603.7 million for the year ended December 30, 2014. We expect that demand for our vehicles will continue to increase worldwide as more people drive and become aware of our vehicles, as we grow our customer sales and service infrastructure, and as we continue to develop our products. We have been increasing our production activities and expect to continue to do so. In August 2014, we began a significant production capacity increase at the Tesla factory by transitioning to our new final assembly line and upgrading our body center. These production capacity increases continued into 2015, with further investments including building a new paint shop, a new body shop for Model X, and additional stamping capacity. We expect our annual production will increase considerably each year for the next several years. In addition, scaling our deliveries means that we will have an increasing number of cars in transit; therefore, production will exceed deliveries. We plan to continue expanding stores and service infrastructure worldwide, provide more timely service in areas with a high concentration of Tesla customers, and continue expanding our supercharger and destination charger network. We expect our long-term sales outside of North America will be almost half of our worldwide automotive revenue. As compared to markets in the United States, we have relatively limited experience in international markets, and thus we may face difficulties meeting our future international expansion plans. If we experience unexpected difficulties or delays in finding and opening desirable locations for stores and service centers, we may not be able to meet our delivery plans. We expect to see a net increase in cash and cash equivalents for the full year 2016. We plan to fund about $1.5 billion in capital expenditures without accessing any outside capital other than our existing sources that support our leasing and finished goods inventory. We plan to invest in equipment to support cell production at the gigafactory, begin installation of Model 3 vehicle production machinery, open about 80 retail locations and service centers, and energize about 300 new supercharger locations. Our operating expenses are expected to grow by about 20% in 2016 as compared to 2015, driven primarily by the expansion of our retail and service centers as well as increases in general and administrative costs to support the growth of the business. We expect sales, general and administrative expenses to decline over time as a percentage of revenue as we focus on increasing operational efficiency while continuing to expand our customer and corporate infrastructure. We continue to invest in construction of the building and utilities at the gigafactory and in production equipment for battery, module, and pack production. Given the size and complexity of this undertaking, the cost of building and operating the gigafactory could exceed our current expectations, and we may have difficulty signing up additional partners. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs, and expenses and related disclosures. We believe that our consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. We review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances.