Through our diversified family of businesses, we leverage core competencies in advanced, enabling technology; health care data; information and intelligence; and clinical care management and coordination to help meet the demands of the health system. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider reimbursement models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. This trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. We continue to dedicate substantial resources to advance our quality scores and star ratings to strengthen our local market programs and further improve our performance. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. Our review of regulatory considerations involves a focus on minimum MLR thresholds and the risk adjustment and reinsurance provisions that impact the small group and individual markets. We will continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all of these dimensions. The intensity of pricing competition depends on local market conditions and competitive dynamics. We expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs amid reform changes. We advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, health system utilization and prescription drug costs. We endeavor to mitigate those increases with medical management. Our management activities include managing costs across all health care categories, including specialty pharmacy spending, as new therapies are introduced at high costs and older drugs have unexpected price increases. The ongoing reductions to Medicare Advantage funding place continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We expect continued Medicaid revenue growth due to anticipated increases in the number of people we serve; we also believe that the reimbursement rate environment creates the risk of downward pressure on Medicaid net margin percentages. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We have seen a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider reimbursement models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. Our contracts with value-based spending total nearly $46 billion annually, up from $13 billion in 2011. This trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform.