We are engaged in a number of research and mid- and early-stage development programs, including in the areas of oncology, pain, and neurology. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. In addition, the duration of clinical trials may vary substantially according to the type, complexity, and novelty of the drug candidate and the disease indication being targeted. Data obtained from nonclinical and clinical activities at any step in the testing process may be adverse and lead to discontinuation or redirection of development activities. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we expect to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our corporate compliance program is designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand these compliance programs globally. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations. We dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the United States and ex-U.S. markets. Our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on product sales of Kalydeco and Orkambi. We expect to begin receiving cash flows from sales of Orkambi in Europe beginning in the first half of 2016. Our total net product revenues increased significantly due to Orkambi net product revenues, which commenced in the third quarter of 2015, and an increase in Kalydeco net product revenues. We believe that our Orkambi revenues in 2016 will be dependent on the total number of eligible patients in the United States who begin treatment with Orkambi, the rate at which additional patients initiate treatment, the proportion of initiated patients who remain on treatment, and the compliance rate for patients who remain on treatment. Our research and development expenses include significant estimates and judgments that materially affect our recognition of net product revenues. We track available information regarding changes to the payor mix for our products, to our contractual terms with third-party payors, and to applicable governmental programs and regulations. We expect our development expenses to increase in 2016 as compared to 2015 due to activities related to clinical trials. We utilize key assumptions to determine the best estimate of selling price, which may include patient enrollment requirements from regulatory authorities, development timelines, reimbursement rates for personnel costs, discount rates, and estimated third-party development costs. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial targets.