Our company and others have recognized the value of the traditional waste stream as a potential resource. We believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers' waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more sustainable future. We plan to accomplish our strategic goals through competitive advantages derived from operational improvements and focused differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets. In pursuit of these long-term goals, we recognize that we must grow the business, and do so as efficiently and cost-effectively as possible. We are focusing on providing the best possible service to our customers, continuously improving our operational performance, taking advantage of opportunities in our current business, remaining focused on price leadership while considering competitive dynamics, and minimizing both operating costs and selling, general, and administrative expenses. We believe that execution of our strategy through these key priorities will drive continued financial performance and leadership in a dynamic industry. We generated strong earnings and cash flow growth from our solid waste business by continuing a disciplined focus on revenue growth and cost control. These results were driven by strong core pricing in each line of business; controlling costs of both our operations and corporate functions; improving customer experience by differentiating our service offerings to reduce customer churn; maintaining discipline around capital spending; and implementing a more rational and sustainable framework for recycling operations as an integrated component of solid waste services. Our focus on operational efficiency is critical as we adapt to market dynamics and evolving customer demands. We also pursue projects and initiatives that benefit the waste industry, the customers and communities we serve, and the environment. Our strategic growth plans are supported by investments in technology and operational capabilities that enhance our service offerings and improve our competitive positioning. We recognize that our IT capabilities have become essential in transforming our firm into a competitive force, enabling us to leverage technology resources in support of our business strategies and work processes. As we continue to monitor emerging diversion technologies that may generate additional value, our current attention will be on improving existing diversion technologies, such as our recycling operations. The integration of IT systems and effective information management capabilities will be vital in optimizing our operational processes and enhancing our customer relationships. We remain dedicated to providing long-term value to our stockholders by successfully executing our strategy and ensuring that our IT capabilities align with our organizational goals and market-based performance. The recognition of the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is central to our operational strategy.