We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. We continue to transition to an overall business mix that is increasingly fee-based. Although our cash flows are impacted by fluctuations in energy commodity prices, that impact is somewhat mitigated by certain of our cash flow streams that are not directly impacted by short-term commodity price movements, including firm demand and capacity reservation transportation revenues under long-term contracts and fee-based revenues from certain gathering and processing services. Our growth capital and investment expenditures total approximately $2.2 billion in 2016, down approximately $1.5 billion from previous plans. Approximately $1.3 billion of our growth capital funding needs include transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects, most of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities. Our internal and external sources of consolidated liquidity to fund working capital requirements, capital and investment expenditures, debt service payments, dividends and distributions, and tax payments include cash generated from operations, including cash distributions from wpz and our equity-method investees based on our level of ownership and incentive distribution rights. We evaluate segment operating performance based upon modified EBITDA. Management uses modified EBITDA because it is an accepted financial indicator used by investors to compare company performance. In addition, management believes that this measure provides investors an enhanced perspective of the operating performance of our assets. The increase in proportional modified EBITDA of equity-method investments is primarily due to a full year contribution of $160 million from investments acquired in the acmp acquisition and a $103 million increase from discovery associated with higher fee revenues attributable to the completion of the keathley canyon connector in the first quarter of 2015. We continue to address potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan through maintaining a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as through managing a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key markets and basins in North America. We are also monitoring the rule's implementation as the reduction will trigger additional federal and state regulatory actions that may impact our operations. We expect to pay approximately $7 million in 2016 for cleanup and/or remediation and monitoring activities. We are a participant in certain environmental activities in various stages including assessment studies, cleanup operations and/or remedial processes at certain sites, some of which we currently do not own.