In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have focused on helping people stay connected, assisting the public health response, and working on the economic recovery, and we have also continued to invest based on the following company priorities: (i) continue making progress on the major social issues facing the internet and our company, including privacy, safety, and security; (ii) build new experiences that meaningfully improve people’s lives today and set the stage for even bigger improvements in the future; (iii) keep building our business by supporting the millions of businesses that rely on our services to grow and create jobs; and (iv) communicate more transparently about what we’re doing and the role our services play in the world. Beginning in the first quarter of 2020, we experienced significant increases in the size and engagement of our active user base across a number of regions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; however, we are unable to predict the impact of the pandemic on user growth and engagement with any certainty, and we expect these trends to continue to be subject to volatility. We intend to continue to invest in our business based on our company priorities, and we anticipate that additional investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and office facilities, as well as scaling our headcount to support our growth, will continue to drive expense growth in 2021. The collectibility assessment has become uncertain during the current economic environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and our actual experience in the future may differ from our past experiences or current assessment. On January 1, 2020, we adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which requires the measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost, considering past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. We review the developments in our contingencies that could affect the amount of the provisions that have been previously recorded, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, making adjustments to our provisions and disclosures accordingly to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and updated information. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. As of December 31, 2020, $7.18 billion of the $61.95 billion in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities was held by our foreign subsidiaries; earnings in foreign jurisdictions are available for distribution to the U.S. without incremental U.S. taxes, further reinforcing our financial flexibility to absorb strain. As of December 31, 2020, our federal net operating loss carryforward was $10.62 billion and our federal tax credit carryforward was $424 million, and we anticipate the utilization of a significant portion of these net operating losses and credits within the next three years. Additionally, as part of the normal course of the business, we may also enter into multi-year agreements to purchase renewable energy that do not specify a fixed or minimum volume commitment, entered into in order to secure either volume or price, with a total estimated spend of approximately $4.94 billion based on projected market prices or expected volume consumption. We believe that our available funds and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs and fund our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future.