AbbVie is a global, diversified research-based biopharmaceutical company positioned for success with a comprehensive product portfolio that has leadership positions across immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience, and eye care. The company’s mission is to discover and develop innovative medicines and products that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow while achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution. AbbVie intends to execute its strategy by maximizing the benefits of a diversified revenue base with multiple long-term growth drivers, leveraging its commercial strength and international infrastructure across therapeutic areas, and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches. The organization commits substantial effort, funds, and resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. The company’s strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. AbbVie continues to evaluate the impact that the Inflation Reduction Act may have on the company and the pharmaceutical industry, including implications of government price-setting for certain drugs. The company’s financial performance reflects continued funding to support all stages of its pipeline assets and investment in on-market brands. AbbVie relies on alliances and joint ventures with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for a portion of the products in its near-term pharmaceutical pipeline, and failures by these parties to meet their obligations could adversely affect AbbVie’s business. The successful discovery, development, manufacturing, and sale of biologics is a long, expensive, and uncertain process, and unique risks and uncertainties could negatively impact AbbVie’s business and results of operations. The company’s ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements could be adversely affected by material declines in demand for its products or other unfavorable changes in business conditions. AbbVie’s operations are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in medical reimbursement policies. The organization must effectively and profitably commercialize its principal products by creating and meeting continued market demand and ensuring that the entire supply chain efficiently delivers AbbVie’s products to its customers. The company’s ability to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified personnel is critical for successfully developing and commercializing products. AbbVie’s business is subject to risks related to public health outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics, which have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on its operations and financial condition. The organization is also subject to governmental regulations, which can be costly to comply with and may disrupt its business. Changes in business, economic, and political conditions, including natural disasters and labor disputes, could also have a material adverse effect on AbbVie’s profitability and financial condition. The company’s reliance on third-party service providers introduces additional risks, as the failure of a critical third-party service provider to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on AbbVie’s operations.