Abbott's operations and performance depend on its ability to manage its large and complex global supply chain. While Abbott has taken and will continue to take actions to mitigate the risks of disruptions to its global supply chain, disruptions could negatively affect Abbott's results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and macroeconomic conditions contributed to global supply chain challenges, which adversely impacted the cost and availability of certain raw materials, supplies, and services. Abbott invests in its information systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of a cybersecurity incident or other significant disruption. A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption could result in adverse consequences, including regulatory inquiries or litigation, increased costs and expenses, manufacturing challenges or disruption, and reputational damage. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies, committing substantial efforts, funds, and resources to research and development. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including after significant funds have been invested. Abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. The manufacture of many of Abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if Abbott or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing products, Abbott's business could suffer. Problems may arise during manufacturing for various reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols, and supply chain issues. If problems arise during the production of a lot or batch of product, those products may have to be discarded, leading to increased costs, lost revenue, and reputational damage. Abbott's consolidated indebtedness could reduce its flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, and reduce funds available for working capital and capital expenditures. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing will depend on its financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions. Adverse changes in Abbott's credit ratings may result in increased borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term borrowing facilities. Legal and regulatory risks could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition. Abbott's products are subject to rigorous regulation, and delays in obtaining approvals could result in delayed realization of product revenues and substantial additional costs. The expiration or loss of intellectual property protection may affect Abbott's future revenues and operating income. Abbott is subject to risks related to public health crises, such as widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases, which may negatively impact certain operations. The international nature of Abbott's business subjects it to additional risks, including geopolitical and economic instability, which could have a material adverse effect on its revenues and profitability. Abbott has been able to manage various disruptions without significant impact to its results of operations, but future implications are difficult to predict.