Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements, and many factors could materially and adversely affect our operations, performance, and financial condition. We may be unsuccessful at innovating in response to rapid technological changes to meet customer needs, which could cause our operating results to suffer. We operate in rapidly evolving markets and must continually introduce new and enhance existing products, services, and solutions to retain customers and attract new customers. Developing new products is complex and may not be profitable, and our investments in new technologies are speculative and may not yield the expected business or financial benefits. If we fail to anticipate or identify technological trends or fail to devote appropriate resources to adapt to such trends, our business could be harmed. The evolving AI regulatory environment may increase our research and development costs and result in inconsistencies in evolving legal frameworks across jurisdictions. If our AI development, deployment, content labeling, or governance is ineffective, it may result in incidents that impair public acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals, customers, or society. We rely on third-party service providers and technologies to deliver our products, services, and business operations, and if such third parties are negatively affected, our expenses could significantly increase, and we and our customers may experience service interruptions. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our systems, data centers, or operations due to catastrophic events could cause interruptions to our systems and business operations, damage to critical infrastructure, loss of intellectual property, data security breaches, and data loss. Our business relies on our network infrastructure and enterprise apps, and we continuously monitor the direct and indirect impacts of macroeconomic conditions on our business and financial results. We face various risks associated with operating as a multinational corporation, and global adverse economic conditions may harm our business and financial condition. Our future success depends on the continued service, availability, and performance of our senior management and highly skilled personnel across all levels of our organization. We may experience higher compensation costs to retain and recruit senior management and highly skilled personnel that may not be offset by improved productivity or increased sales. Our hybrid work environment may present operational and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively affect our ability to execute against our business objectives and retain and recruit personnel. We are subject to risks associated with compliance with laws and regulations globally, which may harm our business, as the application of these laws and regulations to our business is often unclear and may conflict. We believe our reputation and brands have been, and we expect them to continue to be, important to our business and financial results. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make substantial investments, and these investments may not be successful. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of investments or acquisitions, and they may disrupt our business and divert management's attention. Our ability to effectively appeal to businesses and consumers is critical, and we expect competition to continue to intensify. If we do not compete effectively, our operating results could suffer. Our customers' spending rate and demand for our products, services, and solutions may also be adversely affected by macroeconomic risks. If we fail to plan infrastructure capacity appropriately and expand it proportionally with the needs of our customer and user base, service outages or performance issues could occur, which may impact our customers.