Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. The ongoing integration process could result in the loss of customers, disruption of ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, unexpected integration issues, and an overall integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Our success in the Chinese markets may be adversely affected by China's continuously evolving policies, laws and regulations, including those relating to antitrust, cybersecurity, data protection and data privacy, the environment, indigenous innovation and the promotion of a domestic semiconductor industry and intellectual property rights and enforcement and protection of those rights. A prolonged disruption at, or inability to utilize, one or more of our or our third parties' manufacturing facilities, loss of raw materials or damage to our or our third parties' manufacturing equipment for any reason, including due to natural or man-made disasters, civil unrest or other events outside of our control, may disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue and result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted by political, legal and economic changes, crises or instability and civil unrest that may impact markets in which we do business. The semiconductor market has historically been cyclical and subject to significant economic upturns and downturns. Our industry faces challenges associated with products diverted from authorized distribution channels, which could result in reputational harm and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We rely on third parties for supply of raw materials and parts, semiconductor wafer foundry services, assembly and test services and transportation, among other things, and we generally cannot control their availability or conditions of supply or services. Our reliance on third-party suppliers and service providers involves several risks, including reduced control over availability, capacity utilization, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, costs and supply chain allocations. We may not be able to expand our workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely manner, procure adequate resources and raw materials, locate suitable third-party suppliers or respond effectively to changes in demand for our existing products or to demand for new products requested by our customers. Our future revenue, gross margins, operating results, net income and earnings per share are difficult to predict and may materially fluctuate due to various factors, including the effects of adverse economic conditions in the markets in which we sell our products, changes in customer demand or order patterns, and the timing of new product announcements or introductions. We are subject to various risks, including those related to compliance with increasing worldwide complex government regulations and legal standards, which may require us to invest in equipment or make manufacturing process or material changes, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to generate new design opportunities and win competitive bid selection processes is critical to our success. We believe that a critical contributor to our success to date has been our corporate culture, which we have built to foster innovation, teamwork and employee satisfaction.