The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Economic and market uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns. The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics. Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns. We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to design and introduce new products includes the use of third-party intellectual property. Our business depends on the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems. Our products may not be compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware. We may fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand. Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business. Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters. We may incur future impairments of our technology license purchases. Our inability to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel may hinder our business. We have experienced, and will continue to experience, disruptions to our business as these measures have, and will continue to have, an effect on our business operations and practices. Our financial performance has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by these downturns. The growth of our business is also dependent on continued demand for our products from high-growth adjacent emerging global markets. Our ability to be successful in such markets depends in part on our ability to establish adequate local infrastructure, as well as our ability to cultivate and maintain local relationships in these markets. We expect that competition will continue to be intense due to rapid technological changes, frequent product introductions by our competitors or new competitors of products that may provide better performance or experience. We may also face aggressive pricing by competitors, especially during challenging economic times. Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls. We cannot guarantee that these providers will fulfill their respective responsibilities in a timely manner in accordance with the contract terms, in which case our internal operations and the distribution of our products to our customers could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to meet customer demand for our products depends, in part, on our ability to deliver the products our customers want on a timely basis. If we are unable to consistently deliver the right products to our customers on a timely basis in the right locations, our customers may reduce the quantities they order from us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to generate sufficient cash to meet our working capital requirements will depend on our financial and operating performance, which may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, and is subject to prevailing economic, financial and business conditions along with other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate cash flow in amounts sufficient to enable us to meet our working capital requirements. If we are required to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated in research and development efforts without an increase in revenue, our operating results could decline. Our ability to forecast demand is further complicated when our products are sold indirectly through downstream channel distributors and customers, as our forecasts for demand are then based on estimates provided by multiple parties throughout the downstream channel.