Any of the risks and uncertainties described could significantly and negatively affect our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation, or credit ratings now and in the future, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. Our products continue to be subject to increasing pressures across the portfolio from pharmaceutical market access and pricing controls, required rebates, and other discounts, resulting in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates, and smaller populations for whom payers will reimburse. We expect that these market access constraints, pricing controls, and discounting will become more acute as public and private payers continue to take aggressive steps to control their expenditures. Our future revenues and profit margins could be negatively affected by changes in laws and regulations relating to the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products, as well as other changes relating to federal healthcare programs. The full impact of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry, including implications to us of our or a competitor's product being selected for price setting, remains uncertain. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products, and our ability to replace revenue from products that lose patent protection is directly dependent on our ability to successfully commercialize new products in a timely manner. There is a high rate of failure inherent in the research and development process for new drugs, and we have experienced setbacks that may continue. The inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected regulatory approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. We continue to renew and diversify our portfolio through launching new medicines, advancing our early, mid, and late-stage pipeline, and executing disciplined business development. Our focus is on discovering, developing, and delivering transformational medicines for patients facing serious diseases. We are expanding our commercial CAR-T manufacturing network and exploring innovative technologies, which demonstrates our commitment to operational flexibility and adaptability in response to market demands. Our strategy extends beyond the discovery, development, and delivery of transformative medicines; we understand that the future of our employees, our communities, our planet, and our business are inextricably linked. We seek to mobilize our capabilities and resources to positively impact the communities where we live, work, and serve around the world. Our operational management and strategic initiatives are designed to ensure resilience in the face of external pressures and to maintain organizational health and effectiveness. We are committed to a strategic business development approach that will enable us to navigate complex situations and enhance our competitive advantage in a turbulent market environment.