Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are subject to numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments is critical, especially during periods of global credit market disruption or in the event of financial problems among customers, channel partners, contract manufacturers, or suppliers. The global macroeconomic environment continues to be challenging and inconsistent, impacting certain of our markets. If global economic and market conditions remain uncertain or deteriorate further, we may experience material impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Additionally, the trust and confidence in us as an IT supplier are critical to the development and growth of our markets, and any impairment of that trust could adversely affect our operating results. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. Our efforts to improve manufacturing lead-time performance may result in more variability and less predictability in our revenue and operating results. We have increased our efforts in procuring components to meet customer expectations, which contributes to an increase in inventory and purchase commitments. Supply chain issues, including financial problems of contract manufacturers or component suppliers, could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results. A reduction or interruption in supply, including disruptions in our global supply chain caused by public health emergencies or geopolitical tensions, could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. We depend on the development of new products and services and enhancements to existing products and services. If we fail to predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers' changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer. Our business may not be more efficient or effective than prior to the implementation of our restructuring plan, which aims to rebalance the organization and enable further investment in key priority areas. We also intend to focus on managing our costs and expenses while investing in personnel and resources related to engineering, sales, service, and marketing functions. Our growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new products on a timely basis. We may face challenges in entering new markets, which exposes us to additional competition and increases demands on our service and support operations. We must commit significant resources to developing new technology, and if we fail to accurately predict customers' changing needs, our business could be harmed. Our operating results depend on our ability to develop and introduce new products and services into existing and emerging markets. The occurrence of natural disasters could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. The continued threat of terrorism and heightened security may create further uncertainties that could negatively impact our business. We believe our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and ability to access capital markets will satisfy our liquidity requirements, including working capital needs and capital expenditures. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Our inventory management remains an area of focus as we balance the need to maintain supply chain flexibility with the risk of inventory obsolescence.