Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price of our class A and class C stock. We face intense competition and must continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners to remain competitive. Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, requiring us to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. We must continue to invest significant resources in technical infrastructure and R&D to enhance our technology, products, and services. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could divert management attention and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We are expanding our investment in AI across the entire company, which includes generative AI and continuing to integrate AI capabilities into our products and services. Our ability to deploy certain AI technologies critical for our products and services may depend on the availability and pricing of third-party equipment and technical infrastructure. We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our services. We rely on contract manufacturers and other companies to participate in the supply of components and distribution of our products and services. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations. We may experience supply shortages, price increases, quality issues, and/or longer lead times that could negatively affect our operations, driven by various factors including geopolitical tensions and natural disasters. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, including restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, political unrest, and changes in regimes. Our success will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, trustworthy, innovative products and services that are truly useful. We are subject to a variety of new, existing, and changing laws and regulations worldwide that could harm our business, and we will likely be subject to an even broader scope of laws and regulations as we continue to expand. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue investing in them. Our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork, but as our organization grows and evolves, we may need to adapt our corporate culture and work environments to ever-changing circumstances, such as during times of a natural disaster or pandemic. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies in a wide range of industries beyond online advertising. We continue to face an evolving regulatory environment, and we are subject to claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other forms of potential legal liability, which could affect our business practices and financial results. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining operational continuity and resilience.