Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. These risks may be amplified by the effects of global developments and conditions or events, including macroeconomic uncertainty and geopolitical conditions, which have caused significant global economic instability and uncertainty. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change and successfully extend our platform, introduce new and enhanced products, features, services and business models. We operate in industries characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and frequent new product introductions. To meet the changing needs of our customers and partners and attract and retain top technical talent, we must continue to innovate, develop and extend our platform, new products and features, and enhance our ability to solve customer problems with emerging technologies. Our business operations, information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, and other events beyond our control. The hybrid workplace model has introduced new execution risks and may impair our ability to perform critical functions or could make it considerably more difficult to develop, enhance and support our products and services. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. If our investments do not succeed, or if delays or other issues disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. We face significant risks in maintaining adequate service levels during peak periods when we have historically derived a substantial portion of our overall revenue. Any interruptions in our online services could result in significantly decreased revenue, lost customers, unexpected refunds of customer charges, negative publicity, and increased operating costs. We implement additional security measures and continue to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. The adverse effects of any unexpected event would be exacerbated if experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We depend on a number of third parties, including vendors, developers, and partners who are critical to our business. If our third-party partners are unable to help us operate our business or prevent us from delivering critical services to our customers, our business and financial results may be negatively impacted. We face intense competition in all of our businesses, and we expect competition to remain intense in the future. Our competitors may introduce superior products and services or successfully use and deploy new technologies that may reduce customer demand for our products or services. The continued occurrence of cyberattacks and data breaches indicates that we operate in an external environment where these incidents are becoming increasingly common. If we are unable to effectively combat the increasing amount and sophistication of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties, we may suffer losses and lose the confidence of our customers.