Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies. There is a high rate of failure inherent in drug discovery and development. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment. As a result, most funds invested in research and development programs will not generate financial returns. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and indications or line extensions sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and investments and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products become subject to pricing controls, lose intellectual property exclusivity, or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to timely replenish our product portfolio and pipeline would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. We engage in various forms of business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline, including licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, co-promotion arrangements, distribution and promotion agreements, joint ventures, acquisitions, equity investments, and divestitures. There are substantial risks associated with identifying successful business development targets and consummating related transactions. Increased focus on business combinations in our industry, including by the federal trade commission and competition authorities in Europe and other jurisdictions, and heightened competition for attractive targets has and could continue to delay, jeopardize, or increase the costs of our business development activities. We also may fail to generate the expected revenue and pipeline enhancement from business development activities due to limited diligence opportunities, unsuccessful clinical trials, issues related to the quality, integrity, or broad applicability of data, regulatory impediments, and manufacturing or commercialization challenges. Our business is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, reputation, or business. We continue to experience additional pricing pressures, rebates, clawbacks, and other changes in reimbursement policies and programs resulting from the financial strain of the COVID-19 pandemic, periods of uneven economic growth or downturns or uncertainty, and the emergence or escalation of, and responses to, international tension and conflicts. Our business is also subject to risks related to manufacturing, quality, or supply chain difficulties, disruptions, or shortages that could lead to product supply problems. We are in the midst of a significant expansion of our manufacturing capabilities and substantial investment in long-term supply agreements to support current and anticipated demand for our products. Manufacturing or quality assurance difficulties at our facilities or those of our contractors and suppliers, the failure or refusal of a supplier or contract manufacturer to supply contracted quantities, or increases in demand on a supplier with constrained capacity could result in delays and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our products and/or product shortages. We rely on third parties, including suppliers, distributors, alliances, and collaborations with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product and clinical development, manufacturing, commercialization, hosting of, and support for IT systems, product distribution, and certain financial transactional processes. The failure of third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, privacy, security, or other obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, we face challenges from the distribution of counterfeit and illegally compounded versions of our genuine drugs, which may not have the same safety, quality, and effectiveness as approved drugs, and may pose serious health risks to patients.