Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to build, maintain, and scale our technical infrastructure, and risks associated with disruptions in our service, catastrophic events, and crises, are critical to our operational continuity. We are subject to the risk of public health crises such as pandemics, earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, terrorism, geopolitical conflict, and other catastrophic events and crises. The COVID-19 pandemic previously significantly impacted our business and results of operations, leading to volatility in the demand for and pricing of our advertising services. Such events expose our business, operations, and workforce to a variety of risks, including volatility in the size of our user base and user engagement, delays in product development or releases, significant volatility and disruption of global financial markets, and increased volatility and uncertainty in the financial projections we use as the basis for estimates in our financial statements. We have experienced challenges in operating with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control, and any such occurrences in the future may negatively impact our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. We are also subject to various risks related to government regulation and enforcement actions that restrict access to our products, censor or moderate content, or impair our ability to sell advertising in their countries, which could substantially harm our business and financial results. Our advertising revenue has been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We have implemented, and we will continue to implement, changes to our products and user data practices, which reduce our ability to effectively target and measure ads. We are also making significant investments in artificial intelligence initiatives across our business, including to recommend relevant content across our products, enhance our advertising tools, develop new products, and develop new features for existing products. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees may also be adversely affected by stock price volatility, and we cannot guarantee we will continue to attract and retain the personnel we need to maintain our competitive position. We are engaged in ongoing privacy compliance and oversight efforts, which require significant operational resources and modifications to our business practices, and any compliance failures may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and financial results. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory and other government investigations, enforcement actions, and settlements, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business. Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems could adversely affect our business. We regularly experience various challenges with the supply chain related to supporting our technical infrastructure, and we may not be able to secure sufficient components, equipment, or services from third parties to satisfy our needs.