Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including unfavorable economic and market conditions and the uncertain geopolitical environment. The growth and expansion of our business and product offerings place significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. If we are unable to effectively manage our growth or improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected. We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and operating results. Our ability to sell our products and subscriptions is dependent on the quality of our technical support services and those of our channel partners, and the failure to offer high-quality technical support services could have a material adverse effect on our end-customers' satisfaction with our products and subscriptions. We face intense competition in our market and may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the deployment of our portfolio with existing end-customers and create demand for our new offerings. If we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to rapidly evolving technological and market developments, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed. We must continually change our products and expand our business strategy in response to changes in network infrastructure requirements. Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, health risks, and other catastrophic events, which could impact our shipments and sales. We are monitoring the tensions between China and Taiwan, and between the U.S. and China, which could have an adverse impact on our business or results of operations in future periods. Our reputation and/or business could be negatively impacted by environmental, social, and governance matters. We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of our notes, repurchase our notes upon a fundamental change, or repay our notes in cash at their maturity. If we are unable to attract, retain, and motivate our key technical, sales, and management personnel, our business could suffer. We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets. Our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal data could have a material adverse effect on our business. The expansion of our existing international operations and entry into additional international markets will require significant management attention and financial resources. Our failure to successfully manage our international operations and the associated risks effectively could limit the future growth of our business. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.