We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, particularly from their sale of premium tier handset devices. If revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our business and results of operations could be negatively affected. The mobile industry is experiencing and may continue to experience concentration of device share among a few companies, contributing to this trend. Political actions, including trade and/or national security protection policies, or other actions by governments, particularly the U.S. and Chinese governments, have in the past, currently are, and could in the future limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain of our customers, which could significantly reduce the revenues we derive from these customers. We spend a significant amount of engineering and development time, funds, and resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and/or specifications and attempt to incorporate such input into our product launches and technologies. The loss of any one of our significant customers or a reduction in purchases could harm our ability to achieve or sustain expected results of operations. We expect to continue to see product cost increases from certain of our key semiconductor wafer suppliers, which could negatively impact our margins. Our growth depends significantly on our ability to develop and patent 5G and next-generation wireless technologies and to commercialize products using these technologies. We have initiated certain restructuring actions to enable investments in key growth and diversification opportunities. We anticipate these actions to be substantially completed in the first half of fiscal 2024. Our business may suffer due to the impact of, or our failure to comply with, various existing, new, or amended laws, regulations, policies, or standards to which we are subject. We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry, which is subject to significant downturns and is characterized by constant and rapid technological change, price erosion, and fluctuations in product supply and demand. We expect our business to continue to be subject to such cyclical downturns. Geopolitical conflicts, natural disasters, pandemics, and other factors outside of our control could significantly disrupt our business. Acts of war, geopolitical conflicts, political instability, or tensions could significantly disrupt our business by impairing our customers' or licensees' ability to purchase or pay for our products, delaying or preventing our suppliers from providing us with critical components or raw materials, or preventing us from manufacturing products or shipping finished products. Our manufacturing operations depend on securing raw materials, equipment, and other supplies in adequate quality and quantity in a timely manner from multiple suppliers. We cannot guarantee that the actions of our suppliers will not cause disruptions in our operations that could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations to our customers. We are also subject to order and shipment uncertainties that could negatively impact our results of operations. Our ability to meet increased demand for our products has been limited due to the inability to obtain the additional manufacturing, assembly, and test capacity necessary to fully meet such demand. The above issues may also be exacerbated with respect to our platform solutions, which entail complexity due to differing lead times, technologies, and suppliers. Our strategic activities entail a high degree of risk and require the use of significant amounts of capital, and investments may not become liquid for several years after the date of the investment. Achieving the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions depends in part upon our ability to integrate the businesses efficiently and effectively and achieve anticipated synergies.