Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. We believe we must preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brands across all sales channels. Erosion of trust in our brand value can be caused by isolated or recurring incidents originating both from us or our business partners, or from external events. Such incidents can potentially trigger boycotts of our stores or result in civil or criminal liability and can have a negative impact on our financial results. We are working to manage risks and costs to us, our licensees and our supply chain of any effects of climate change as well as diminishing energy and water resources. These risks may include increased public focus on environmental sustainability matters, including packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land use. We may not be successful in our marketing, promotional and advertising plans and pricing strategies. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to adjust our marketing, promotional and advertising plans and pricing strategy to respond quickly and effectively to shifting economic and competitive conditions as well as evolving customer preferences. Our decisions to collaborate or cease collaborating with certain endorsers or marketing partners could seriously harm our brand image with consumers and adversely affect our sales and financial condition. If our business partners and third-party providers do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities and commitments, it could damage our brand and our financial results could suffer. We do not have direct control over our business partners and may not have visibility into their practices. Any material interruption in our supply chain could have a negative material impact on our business and our profitability. We face risks as a global business that could adversely affect our financial performance, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes or uncertainties in economic, legal, regulatory, social and political conditions in our markets, and local laws that make it more expensive and complex to negotiate with, retain or terminate employees. Our business could be adversely impacted by increases in labor costs, including wages and benefits, which are two of our most significant costs. Our ability to attract and retain corporate, retail and other personnel is also acutely impacted in certain international and domestic markets where the competition for a relatively small number of qualified employees is intense. We recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Climate change may also result in decreased availability, less favorable pricing, or other adverse consequences for non-coffee inputs in our products. Our properties and operations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change, which are predicted to increase the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and other natural cycles such as wildfires and droughts. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Future health epidemics or pandemics could adversely affect our business and financial results. The duration and scope of a health epidemic or pandemic can be difficult to predict and depends on many factors, including the emergence of new variants and the availability, acceptance and effectiveness of preventative measures. Our financial condition and results of operations are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of macroeconomic and other factors, many of which are also largely outside our control. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for at least the next 12 months.