The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable operating segment. We continue to work to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason by carrying a resource buffer. Despite the challenges, we continued to focus on using our resources effectively and productively, which resulted in sequential improvement in many of our operating metrics. Our goal is to be an industry leader in safety, and we plan to improve the safety culture through our courage to care program, which reflects actions such as giving and receiving feedback on unsafe behavior, finding and eliminating risk, and improving the safety of the work environment. We will continue to transform our railroad to further improve our service product, improve resource utilization, and lower our overall cost structure. We are committed to delivering the service we sold to our customers, and as we meet with customers to agree on their specific needs and outcomes, we will measure ourselves against the best service we provided them over the past three years and use that as a guide for meeting their expectations. We plan to utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. We may experience other operational or service difficulties related to network capacity, dramatic and unplanned fluctuations in our customers' demand for rail service, or other events that could negatively impact our operational efficiency. Severe weather could result in significant business interruptions and expenditures, and we are exposed to severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena, including earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, and extreme temperatures. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and any significant adverse economic developments could materially affect the cost or value of imports or exports. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity, analyzing a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is dependent on our financial stability, and deterioration of our operating results or financial condition could negatively impact our ability to access capital markets as a source of liquidity. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through various sources or activities, including issuing commercial paper or entering into bank loans. We have been, and we expect to continue to be, in compliance with our debt covenants. Our capital plan includes investments intended to improve operational efficiency, harden our infrastructure, and enhance the resiliency of the network. We continue to take steps and explore opportunities to reduce our operational impact on the environment, including improving our operational fluidity to increase fuel efficiency and modernizing locomotives for improved reliability and fuel consumption. These initiatives are aligned with our strategy to achieve growth while maintaining safety and service excellence.