The company designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, accessories, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The company believes that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace and are directly related to the timely development of new and enhanced products that are central to the company’s core business strategy. The company’s operating segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company anticipates gross margins will remain under downward pressure due to a variety of factors, including continued industry-wide global product pricing pressures, increased competition, compressed product life cycles, product transitions, potential increases in the cost of components, and potential strengthening of the U.S. dollar. The company expects to make further investments in research and development to remain competitive, which is essential for transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s growth in the Americas segment during 2014 was due to increased net sales of iPhone, Mac, and iTunes, software, and services, which were partially offset by a decline in net sales of iPod and iPad. The company’s growth in net sales in the Greater China segment was driven by higher unit sales and net sales of all major product categories except iPod, in addition to higher net sales of iTunes, software, and services. The company’s management believes that adequate provisions have been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations, and it continues to evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets quarterly. The company’s critical accounting policies and estimates are those related to revenue recognition, valuation and impairment of marketable securities, inventory valuation, and valuation of manufacturing-related assets. The company records accruals for estimated cancellation fees related to component orders that have been canceled or are expected to be canceled, consistent with industry practice. The company’s investments in available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value, and unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of securities are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. The company’s assessment on whether a security is other-than-temporarily impaired could change in the future due to new developments or changes in assumptions related to any particular security. The company’s capital expenditures during 2014 included significant investments in product tooling and manufacturing process equipment, data centers, and corporate facilities and infrastructure, including information systems hardware, software, and enhancements. The company expects to open about 25 new retail stores during 2015, with approximately three-quarters located outside of the U.S., further enhancing its operational capabilities and market responsiveness.