Applied's strategic priorities for fiscal 2015 include growing its presence in wafer fab and display equipment and services, and improving profitability in solar, as well as expanding applied's overall available market. Mobility, including the increasing technological functionality of mobile devices, continued to be the largest driver of semiconductor industry spending in fiscal 2014. Applied expects the mobility trend to remain the main growth driver for the semiconductor industry, and in turn for the silicon systems group, in 2015. The growth in the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry is expected to be driven by foundry and memory spending. Applied's future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. Management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering (RD&E) to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in RD&E in order to continue to offer new products and technologies. Development cycles range from 12 to 36 months depending on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product or a new product. Most of Applied's existing products resulted from internal development activities and innovations involving new technologies, materials, and processes. In certain instances, Applied acquires technologies to complement its existing technology capabilities and to reduce time to market. Applied's RD&E investments were focused on products for overcoming the challenges of FinFET and 3D NAND designs at sub-2x nanometer nodes and enabling cost-effective manufacturing of these high-performance 3D chips. Applied also developed new applications for its epitaxial technology to enable the industry's transition to NMOS transistors at the 20nm node, thereby enabling chip makers to build faster devices and deliver next-generation mobile computing power. Applied's broad range of equipment and service products are highly technical and are sold primarily through a direct sales force. The silicon systems group segment includes semiconductor capital equipment for deposition, etch, ion implantation, rapid thermal processing, chemical mechanical planarization, metrology and inspection, and wafer packaging. Development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, patterning, interconnect, and packaging performance as devices scale to advanced technology nodes. The mobility trend remains the largest influence on industry spending, as it drives device manufacturers to continually improve their ability to deliver high-performance, low-power processors and affordable solid-state storage in a small form factor. Applied's global services segment encompasses integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, remanufactured earlier generation equipment, and factory automation software for semiconductor, display, and solar products. Customer demand for products and services is fulfilled through a global distribution system with trained service engineers located in close proximity to customer sites. The display segment encompasses products for manufacturing liquid crystal displays (LCDs), organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs), and other display technologies for TVs, personal computers, tablets, smartphones, and other consumer-oriented devices. The segment is focused on expanding its presence through technologically differentiated equipment for manufacturing large-scale TVs and entry into new markets. The energy and environmental solutions segment includes products for fabricating crystalline-silicon (C-Si) solar PV wafers and cells, as well as high throughput roll-to-roll deposition equipment for flexible electronics, packaging, and other applications.