We are a global semiconductor company with facilities worldwide. In this MD&A, we will describe the results of operations and the financial condition for us and our consolidated subsidiaries, including a discussion of our results of operations for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012. During 2014, as part of our strategy to transform our business to attain approximately 50% of our revenue from high-growth adjacent markets by the end of 2015, we continued to focus on introducing a more diverse product portfolio. We also continued to develop and introduce differentiated products in 2014. The annual increase in embedded, enterprise and semi-custom segment net revenue was offset by a 16% decrease in computing and graphics segment net revenue, primarily due to lower desktop processor and chipset sales. While we believe the pace of the decline in the PC market is slowing, our annual computing and graphics segment results reflect the ongoing challenges of a competitive consumer PC market. The improvement in operating results was primarily due to a decrease in cost of sales, a decrease in research and development expenses, and a decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses. The increase in net revenue from our semi-custom SOC products was primarily due to higher unit shipments, which we began shipping in the second quarter of 2013. We expect to continue to increase our investment in our enterprise, embedded and semi-custom segment. Our computing and graphics segment net revenue decreased due to lower unit shipments and challenging market conditions. The decrease in unit shipments was primarily attributable to lower unit shipments of our microprocessor products for desktop and notebook PCs and chipset products. The increase in average selling price was primarily attributable to an increase in average selling price of our microprocessor products due to improved product mix. The improvement in operating income was primarily due to the increase in net revenue, partially offset by an increase in cost of sales. We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance along with the savings from our restructuring plan and our secured revolving line of credit will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures, over the next twelve months. We are currently in the process of negotiating a fifth amendment to the wafer supply agreement, and we expect that our future purchases from GF will continue to be material. Our total purchases from GF related to wafer manufacturing and research and development activities for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $1.0 billion, $1.0 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively. The realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent on substantial future taxable income which, at December 27, 2014, in management’s estimate, is not more likely than not to be achieved. We have not included certain amounts in the contractual obligations table above because we cannot make reasonably reliable estimates regarding the timing of the settlements with the related authorities. We have made significant investments in research and development to enhance our technology capabilities and maintain competitiveness in the semiconductor industry. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to our revenue, inventories, goodwill impairments and income taxes. The decrease in research and development expenses was primarily due to a decrease in product engineering and design costs. The increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in sales and marketing activities. We believe that the pace of the decline in the PC market is slowing, and we continue to focus on transforming our business to adapt to changing market dynamics and consumer demands.