Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing, and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology. Our strategy for long-term growth continues to focus on discovery and development of innovative medicines to address serious illnesses, development of branded biosimilars, global expansion, next-generation manufacturing of high-quality biologics, development of improved biologic drug delivery systems, and return of capital to shareholders. We are also advancing a number of key initiatives to streamline processes, increase agility and efficiencies, and improve operating performance. These initiatives include improved contracting and sourcing, rationalizing discretionary spending, greater use of shared services, and optimizing research and development efficiency. Our innovative pipeline, which includes both internally-developed and externally-acquired opportunities, continued to advance, with significant milestones achieved in clinical programs. We believe that we are uniquely positioned for the opportunities arising in biology and to deliver our strategy. We have near- and long-term growth opportunities ahead, including the approval and launch of new indications for our products and the development, approval, and launch of our biosimilars. Our restructuring plan allows us to invest in continuing innovation and the launch of our new pipeline molecules while improving our cost structure. The restructuring plan is expected to enhance operational efficiency and facilitate resource reallocation to fund growth opportunities. Our business will continue to face various challenges, including increasing competitive pressure and the expiration of patents on principal products, which may impact future sales. Current global economic conditions also pose challenges to our business, including continued pressure to reduce healthcare expenditures. Our long-term success depends significantly on our ability to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We devote considerable resources to research and development activities, which are essential for maintaining the strength of our business. The discovery and development of safe and effective new products, as well as the development of additional indications for existing products, are necessary for revenue and earnings growth. We monitor the inventory levels of our products at our wholesalers and believe wholesaler inventories have been maintained at appropriate levels given end-user demand. Our ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical to our operational capabilities. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business needs. Our IT capabilities are integral to transforming the firm into a competitive force, as they represent the application of technology, knowledge, practices, and management skills to further organizational goals.