We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to efficiently invest in several areas of technology and content such as web services, expansion of new and existing product categories and offerings, and initiatives to expand our ecosystem of digital products and services, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances in technology, we are investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices. We are also investing in AWS, which provides technology services that give developers and enterprises of all sizes access to technology infrastructure that enables virtually any type of business. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, picking, packaging, and preparing orders for shipment, transportation, customer service support, costs necessary to run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. Our fixed costs include the costs necessary to run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our websites and web services, our electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment centers. We expect this trend to continue over time. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers. We evaluate our facility requirements as necessary. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. Digital media content where we record revenue gross, including Prime Instant Video, is included in cost of sales. The increase in technology and content costs in absolute dollars in 2014, 2013, and 2012, compared to the comparable prior year periods, is primarily due to increased spending on technology infrastructure, including AWS, and increases in payroll and related expenses, including those associated with our initiatives to expand our ecosystem of digital products and services. We expect these trends to continue over time as we invest in these areas by increasing payroll and related expenses and adding technology infrastructure. We seek to efficiently invest in several areas of technology and content such as technology infrastructure, including AWS, expansion of new and existing product categories and offerings, and initiatives to expand our ecosystem of digital products and services, as well as in technology infrastructure so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments while operating at an ever-increasing scale. We believe that our increasing diversification beyond the U.S. economy through our growing international businesses benefits our shareholders over the long term.