We are a leading provider of online travel and travel-related reservation and search services. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda.com, and rentalcars.com. We believe that the online restaurant reservation business is complementary to our online travel businesses, and that both opentable and our travel businesses will benefit from adding opentable to the priceline group. We have experienced strong growth in our accommodation reservation services, which we believe is the result of the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to build accommodation supply, content, and distribution and to improve the customer experience on our websites and mobile apps. Our growth has primarily been generated by our international accommodation reservation service brands, booking.com and agoda.com. We expect to continue to invest in adding accommodations available for reservation on our websites, including hotels, bed and breakfasts, hostels, and vacation rentals. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services and further expand into other international markets. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications, outsourced data center costs, and payments to outside consultants. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2014, due primarily to growth in our worldwide operations and the inclusion of opentable and kayak in our consolidated results. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through aggressive marketing and promotional campaigns. Our mobile offerings have received strong reviews and achieved solid download trends, driving a material and increasing share of our business. We believe that mobile bookings present an opportunity for growth and are necessary to maintain and grow our business as consumers increasingly turn to mobile devices instead of personal computers. If we are unable to continue to rapidly innovate and create new, user-friendly, and differentiated mobile offerings, we could lose market share to existing competitors or new entrants, adversely affecting our future growth and results of operations. We compete with both online and traditional travel and travel-related reservation and search services, and the market for these services is intensely competitive. Our international business represents a substantial majority of our financial results, and we expect to continue to see our operating results and other financial metrics largely driven by international performance. We face exposure to adverse movements in currency exchange rates as the financial results of our international businesses are translated from local currency into U.S. dollars. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors, the volatility in foreign exchange rates, and their impact on consumer behavior make it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our markets and business, which could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and adversely affect our results of operations.