Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our operating businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers; investing decisions, with limited exceptions, are the responsibility of Berkshire’s chairman and CEO. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting in each of the last three years, including $1.7 billion in 2014. A key marketing strategy of our insurance businesses is the maintenance of extraordinary capital strength. This superior capital strength creates opportunities, especially with respect to reinsurance activities, to negotiate and enter into insurance and reinsurance contracts specially designed to meet the unique needs of insurance and reinsurance buyers. Our management also emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce extraordinary volatility in the periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to cash and cash equivalents. Our insurance businesses continue to hold significant cash and cash equivalent balances earning very low yields. We regularly access the credit markets, particularly through our railroad, utilities and energy, and finance and financial products businesses. Restricted access to credit markets at affordable rates in the future could have a significant negative impact on our operations. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a strong capital base. Our consolidated shareholders’ equity at December 31, 2014 was $240.2 billion, an increase of $18.3 billion since December 31, 2013. We regularly access the credit markets, particularly through our railroad, utilities and energy, and finance and financial products businesses. Our management does not evaluate underwriting performance based upon market share and our underwriters are instructed to reject inadequately priced risks. The increases in premiums written and earned in 2014 were primarily due to treaty participations as well as growth in our facultative and primary casualty businesses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. The nature and extent of loss information provided under many facultative, per occurrence excess or retroactive reinsurance contracts may not differ significantly from the information received under a primary insurance contract. We utilize processes and techniques that are believed to best suit the underlying claims and available data. The business segment data should be read in conjunction with this discussion.