Management believes that the resources necessary to demonstrate value to customers, patients, payors, and other stakeholders may be significant and may take a longer period of time to gain widespread adoption. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete; and we assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital, our people, and other programs that we believe are important to drive our growth. We have undertaken various restructuring initiatives in order to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. Our investment-grade credit profile reflects the size and diversity of our product portfolio, our leading share position in several of our served markets, our strong cash flow, our solid financial fundamentals, and our financial strategy. We believe that our less-invasive products and technologies generate favorable clinical outcomes, value, and cost efficiency. Our interventional cardiology division develops, manufactures, and markets technologies for diagnosing and treating coronary artery disease and other cardiovascular disorders. Our worldwide net sales of interventional cardiology products increased, driven by sales of our promus premier™ stent system and operational growth in our other cardiology product lines. We also market our next-generation synergy™ everolimus-eluting platinum chromium coronary stent system, which features an ultra-thin bioabsorbable polymer coating. The acquisition of the interventional division of Bayer enhances our ability to offer physicians and healthcare systems a more complete portfolio of solutions to treat challenging vascular conditions. Our electrophysiology business develops less-invasive medical technologies used in the diagnosis and treatment of rate and rhythm disorders of the heart, and our worldwide net sales of electrophysiology products increased significantly, driven by our acquisition of the electrophysiology business of C.R. Bard, Inc. We believe that the rhythmia and Bard EP acquisitions, as well as our other expected product launches, will help to position us to participate more competitively in the growing electrophysiology market. Our emerging markets revenue grew, and we are seeking to expand our presence and strengthen relationships in order to grow net sales and market share within these markets. We have increased our investment in infrastructure in these countries to maximize opportunities. We assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and have designed our internal control process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. We believe that our IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.