We are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from subscriptions to our cable services, which we market individually and in bundled service packages, and from the sale of advertising. We are continuing to expand our network of outdoor, business, and in-home Wi-Fi hotspots for most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home. Our cable services to small and medium-sized businesses include an interactive tool that allows customers to share, coordinate, and store documents online, hosted voice services that use cloud network servers, and advanced voice services. We believe that adding more content and delivering it through an increasing variety of platforms will assist in attracting and retaining customers for our cable services. To further enhance our video and high-speed internet services, we continue to develop and launch new technology initiatives, such as our X1 platform and cloud DVR technology, and deploy wireless gateway devices. Our capital expenditures increased primarily due to an increase in customer premise equipment purchases, including purchases related to our X1 platform and cloud DVR technology, as well as increased investment in business services and network infrastructure to increase network capacity. We anticipate that our programming expenses will continue to increase as we provide additional content, including in HD, to our video customers; as we deliver this content through an increasing number of platforms, including on demand, online, and through our mobile apps; and as the fees we pay increase, primarily retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs. Our cable communications segment also sells advertising through our Spotlight business. We continue to invest substantial amounts in acquiring content and producing original content for our cable and broadcast television networks and our owned local broadcast television stations. The deployment of our IP and cloud-enabled video platform, referred to as our X1 platform, and the launch of our cloud DVR technology, which is now available in over 50% of our markets, are part of our strategy to enhance our IT capabilities. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape for all of our businesses by challenging existing business models and affecting consumer behavior. We are focused on controlling the growth of expenses and maintaining a consistent operating margin in our cable communications segment through rate adjustments, the sale of additional cable services, and achieving operating efficiencies. Our investments in technology and infrastructure are aimed at improving operational efficiency and enhancing our competitive positioning in the market. We believe the increases in the number of business customers are primarily the result of our efforts to gain market share from competitors by offering competitive services and pricing. The most significant operating cost for our cable communications segment is the programming expenses we incur to provide content to our video customers, which we anticipate will continue to increase.