The markets for software and related services, especially highly-available connected services, are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. Our small business segment total net revenue increased due to customer acquisition in our small business online ecosystem, which continued to drive revenue growth. Connected services generated $3.0 billion or 66% of our total revenue in fiscal 2014, compared with 50% of our total revenue six years ago. We expect connected services revenue as a percentage of our total revenue to continue to grow in the future. The increase in segment revenue was partially offset by higher staffing expenses due to an increase in headcount and higher advertising and marketing program expenses. We have been focusing small business segment resources on the enhancement and marketing of our quickbooks online and quickbooks desktop subscription offerings, which has resulted in a decline in quickbooks desktop license units and revenue as more customers choose our hosted and subscription offerings. Our consumer segment total net revenue increased due to growth in paid federal turbotax units, reflecting our strategic focus on connected services. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology systems are critical as we help customers manage their financial lives, facing risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We are also investing in our technology infrastructure to support our business needs and enhance operational efficiency. Our future growth increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. The strategic focus on connected services has led to significant revenue growth in our small business and consumer segments, driven by the expansion of our online offerings and the increasing adoption of our technology capabilities. We believe that providing more frequent releases will create a better experience for customers who choose our desktop offerings, as well as a more seamless transition to our online offerings in the future. Our management has reviewed the development and selection of critical accounting policies, including those related to revenue recognition and business combinations, which require significant estimates and assumptions regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination. We are committed to leveraging our IT capabilities to enhance our competitive advantage, improve operational flexibility, and support our strategic resource allocation decisions.