Throughout 2014, we continued to build momentum as we further optimized our business model. We were focused on three priorities to drive further top line growth including our enhanced sales & operations planning process, building on our customer experience design capabilities, and improving our relevance with the pro customer. In addition, we are continuing to transform from a single-channel, home improvement retailer to an omni-channel home improvement company. This allows us to sell products from a store, online, on-site, or through one of our contact centers and fulfill orders in the most convenient manner for our customers. Through our sales & operations planning process, we have improved seasonal planning, including the cadence of product introductions, promotions, and staffing. Our sales & operations process is anchored in the customer mindset for the season. The process ensures collaboration from all functions, including logistics, merchandising, and marketing, to make certain we have relevant products available to customers at the right time and those products are effectively advertised and strategically promoted to drive customer traffic. We now have a dedicated customer experience design team that coordinates the creation of customer experiences that encompass the entire project from inspiration to purchase to fulfillment. These experiences are rooted in research around customers' shopping preferences and mindset about specific home improvement projects. We are enhancing our product and service offering with this important customer, including ensuring we have the types of products and brands the pros demand. For example, during 2014, we added brands such as Henry® coatings, Hubbell® wiring devices, GRK fasteners™, and Progress® lighting, all of which help make Lowe's the destination for the pro. In addition, we have been working to relaunch lowesforpros.com, a dedicated platform which provides pro customers with the ability to transact with us online and provides pros the ability to develop requisition lists, access to purchase history, and customized product catalogs. Our expansion plans for 2015 consist of 15 to 20 new home improvement and hardware stores, approximately half of which will be leased. We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. The availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected, however, by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios. We believe that net cash provided by operating and financing activities will be adequate not only for our operating requirements, but also for investments in information technology, investments in our existing stores, expansion plans and acquisitions, if any, and to return cash to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases over the next 12 months. Investments in our existing stores are expected to account for approximately 40% of net cash outflow, including investments in store equipment, resets, and remerchandising. Approximately 30% of the planned net cash outflow is for corporate programs, including investments to enhance the customer experience, as well as enhancements to the corporate infrastructure.