Nee and its subsidiaries, including FPL, require funds to support and grow their businesses, which are primarily provided by cash flow from operations, short- and long-term borrowings, and proceeds from the sale of differential membership interests and of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries associated with NEP. The transition costs associated with the cost savings initiative recorded by Nee in 2013 amounted to approximately $72 million, of which $32 million were recorded by FPL and $12 million by NEER. During 2014, NEER decided not to pursue the sale of Maine fossil and recorded an after-tax gain of $12 million to increase Maine fossil's carrying value to its estimated fair value. NEER's results increased in 2014 reflecting higher results from new investments, net unrealized gain from non-qualifying hedge activity compared to losses on such hedges in the prior year period, and the absence of $342 million of after-tax charges associated with the impairment of the Spain solar projects recorded in 2013. NEER added approximately 1,217 MW of wind capacity in the U.S. and Canada, net of sales and dismantlements, and 265 MW of solar capacity in the U.S. and increased its backlog of contracted renewable development projects. The increase in cash flows from operating activities for 2014 reflects operating cash generated from additional wind and solar facilities that were placed in service during or after 2013. FPL's cash flows from operating activities remained essentially flat in 2014. The historical stock performance of Nee's common stock is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. NEER's effective income tax rate for all periods presented reflects PTCs for wind projects at NEER and deferred income tax benefits associated with convertible ITCs under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, as amended. The amount of PTCs recognized can be significantly affected by wind generation and by the roll-off of PTCs on certain wind projects after ten years of production. NEER is planning to add approximately 980 MW of new contracted U.S. wind generation, 175 MW of new contracted Canadian wind generation, and 960 MW of new contracted solar generation during 2015 through 2016 and will continue to pursue other additional investment opportunities that may develop. NEER uses derivatives to optimize the value of power generation and gas infrastructure assets and engages in power and gas marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements. The implementation of rules related to the Dodd-Frank Act has not had a material effect on Nee and FPL; however, the rules have added and are expected to add more cost and compliance risks related to hedging activities. NEER's management views results expressed excluding the unrealized mark-to-market impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. The continued applicability of regulatory accounting is assessed at each reporting period, and regulatory assets and liabilities represent probable future revenues that will be recovered from or refunded to customers through the ratemaking process. NEER's total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) reflect changes in fair value associated with energy derivative transactions, which are used to manage commodity price risk inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity. The fair value of contracts outstanding is subject to changes based on market conditions, and NEER's credit risk exposure is managed through established credit policies and is overseen by the Energy Management Committee.