We are the world’s largest provider of enterprise software and a leading provider of computer hardware products and services that are engineered to work together in the cloud and in the data center. Our offerings include Oracle database and middleware software, application software, cloud infrastructure, hardware systems, and related services. We develop and maintain our products and services to be enterprise-grade, reliable, secure, and interoperable while offering customers a choice in deployment models that best meet their IT needs. Our cloud computing environments, including those offered through our Oracle cloud software-as-a-service (SaaS), platform-as-a-service (PaaS), and infrastructure-as-a-service offerings, are designed to be attractive and cost-effective options for our customers as we integrate the software and hardware on the customers’ behalf in IT environments that we deploy, support, and manage. Our products and services are the building blocks of our own cloud services, our partners’ cloud services, and our customers’ cloud IT environments. We believe that our investments in, and continued innovation with respect to, our software and cloud, hardware, and services businesses are the foundation of our long-term strategic plans. We have expanded our enterprise-grade cloud computing offerings through our continued investments in research and development and through targeted acquisitions in order to broaden our Oracle cloud offerings. Our Oracle cloud software-as-a-service offerings enable us to provide IT functionality that customers can use to manage critical business functions in a rapidly deployable delivery model with lower upfront customer investment. We designed our Oracle engineered systems to combine certain of our hardware and software offerings to increase computing performance relative to our competitors’ products, creating cost efficiencies, time savings, and operational cost advantages for our customers. Our Oracle engineered systems provide the core infrastructure for our own on-premise IT data centers and those of our customers, and for cloud IT environments. Our software and cloud business, which represented a significant portion of our total revenues, is comprised of new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions, cloud infrastructure-as-a-service, and software license updates and product support. We continue to place significant emphasis on direct sales through our own sales force while also marketing our products through indirect channels. We enable customers to evolve and transform to substantially any IT environment at whatever pace is most appropriate for them. Our cloud infrastructure-as-a-service offerings provide deployment and management offerings for our software and hardware and related IT infrastructure, including virtual machine instances that are subscription-based and designed for computing and reliable and secure object storage. Our hardware systems products revenues are primarily generated from the sales of our computer server, storage, and networking products, including sales of our Oracle engineered systems. Our services business consists of consulting, advanced customer support services, and education services. We intend to continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because they are essential to maintaining our competitive position. Our active acquisition program enhances the products and services that we can offer to customers, expands our customer base, and increases stockholder value.