We continue to invest in innovation and strengthening our product portfolio, which resulted in several new product offerings during fiscal 2014. Our enterprise security platform allows enterprises, service providers, and government entities to empower and secure their organizations by enabling the increasingly complex and rapidly growing number of applications running on their networks. Our advanced endpoint protection, which we expect to release in fiscal 2015, protects against cyber attacks that exploit software vulnerabilities on a broad variety of fixed and virtual endpoints. We leverage our appliances to sell software as a service (SaaS) subscription services to meet our customers' evolving enterprise security requirements. Our hybrid SaaS revenue model consists of product, subscriptions, and support and maintenance, which will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, and expand deployment of our platform and services within existing end-customers. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer products that are differentiated from existing infrastructure products. Our channel partners purchase our products and services at a discount to our list prices before reselling them to our end-customers. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for both subscriptions and support and maintenance services. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on various factors, including the average sales price of our products, manufacturing costs, and the mix of revenue between products and services. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our international presence. Our total cost of revenue consists of cost of product revenue and cost of services revenue, which includes costs paid to our third-party contract manufacturer and personnel costs associated with our operations and global customer support organizations. Our operating activities have consisted of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities, and we expect to continue our investing activities as our business grows. We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. We make significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments when valuing goodwill and other purchased intangible assets in connection with the initial purchase price allocation of an acquired entity.