The discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Item 8. Our products are sold in more than 180 markets, and in many of these markets, they hold the number one or number two market share position. We manage our business in four segments: European Union, Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa (EEMA), Asia, and Latin America & Canada. Our marketing, administration, and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration, and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. As a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. We expect to incur a total pre-tax charge of approximately $547 million for the total program related to factory closures and restructuring. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due to higher pricing and higher equity income in unconsolidated subsidiaries derived from our investments, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs and unfavorable volume/mix. This forecast includes incremental spending for our reduced-risk product, which will support our plans for national expansion and pilot or national launches in additional markets. We believe it is appropriate to disclose adjusted diluted EPS as it represents core earnings, improves comparability, and helps investors analyze business performance and trends. The factors described in Item 1A represent continuing risks to this forecast. Our effective income tax rate for 2014 decreased, and the unfavorable currency impact during 2014 was due primarily to several currencies. The unfavorable impact of interest was due primarily to higher average debt levels, partially offset by lower average interest rates on debt. The changes in our reported diluted EPS for the year were affected by various factors, including operations and asset impairment costs. The company will revisit the potential for share repurchases as the year unfolds, depending on the currency environment. This 2015 guidance excludes the impact of future acquisitions, unanticipated asset impairment and exit cost charges, future changes in currency exchange rates, and any unusual events. The discussion of events affecting the comparability of statement of earnings amounts is critical for understanding our financial condition and results of operations.