“In fiscal 2016, we continued to generate strong cash flows, allowing us to return value to our shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases, while continuing to reinvest in our business by adding new stores and remodeling existing ones, and while continuing to strengthen our infrastructure in support of our continuing growth. We implemented the first phase of an initiative to raise wages for our U.S. full- and part-time hourly store associates. The improvement in our cost of sales ratio was driven by leverage on buying and occupancy costs on strong same store sales growth as well as an increase in merchandise margin, despite the negative impact of transactional foreign exchange on the cost of merchandise for Canada and Europe. We routinely enter into inventory-related hedging instruments to mitigate the impact on earnings of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on merchandise purchases denominated in currencies other than the local currencies of our divisions. We traditionally have funded our working capital requirements, including for seasonal merchandise, primarily through cash generated from operations, supplemented, as needed, by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, and we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds and our credit facilities are more than adequate to meet our operating needs over the next fiscal year. We evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of our long-lived assets, goodwill and tradenames at least annually and whenever events or circumstances occur that would indicate that the carrying amounts of those assets are not recoverable. Our casualty insurance program is a self-insured program which requires us to estimate the total claims we would incur as a component of our annual insurance cost. We evaluate uncertain tax positions based on our understanding of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date, and accrue for exposure when we believe that it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the positions we have taken will not be sustained. In addition, net sales for our foreign segments in fiscal 2016 reflected resilience to currency fluctuations, with TJX Canada achieving a 3% increase from new store sales and a 12% increase from same store sales despite a 16% negative impact from currency translation, and TJX International attaining a 9% increase from new store sales and a 4% increase from same store sales offset by a 10% adverse currency translation effect.”