The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and global measures taken in response have adversely impacted applied's operations and financial results, leading to increased data, information, and cybersecurity risks associated with an extensive workforce now working remotely full-time. Applied's business performance and results of operations may be adversely affected by uncertain global economic and political business conditions and demands, including the need to provide sufficient levels of technical support in different locations around the world. The company is exposed to risks associated with operating a global business, including the need to maintain appropriate business processes, procedures, and internal controls, and comply with environmental, health and safety, anti-corruption, and other regulatory requirements. The industries that applied serves can be volatile and difficult to predict, with demand for manufacturing equipment and services subject to variable industry conditions and changes in customer requirements for new manufacturing capacity and advanced technology. Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. The company must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage its resources and production capacity across its businesses, which may incur unexpected or additional costs to align its business operations. Applied's ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is vital to its success, as fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions can affect the availability of qualified employees. The failure to successfully implement enterprise resource planning and other information systems changes could adversely impact applied's business and results of operations, as these systems are essential for managing business operations, aligning global organizations, and enabling future growth. If applied does not successfully implement these systems, it may experience interruptions in service and operational difficulties, affecting its ability to track orders, manufacture and ship products, manage its supply chain, and allocate human resources. The company is also exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and incidents, as it collects, uses, transmits, and stores data on information technology systems, including confidential information and intellectual property belonging to applied or its customers. Changes in intellectual property laws or their interpretation may impact applied's ability to protect and assert its intellectual property rights, which could have an adverse impact on its competitive position and business. The need for customers to continually reduce the total cost of manufacturing system ownership and the heightened importance of system reliability and productivity further influence demand for applied's products. Applied's future operating results depend on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides, necessitating substantial investments in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs.