We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Certain of our information systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks, and other cyber-attacks, and we expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future as such attacks become more sophisticated and frequent. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users, and other operational difficulties. Cyber-attacks could further adversely affect our ability to operate facilities, information technology, and business systems or compromise confidential customer and employee information. If we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt, or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We need qualified personnel to manage and operate our various businesses. In our decentralized business model, we need qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments. Our operating subsidiaries also need qualified and competent personnel in executing their business plans and serving their customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders. Our inability to recruit and retain qualified and competent managers and personnel could negatively affect the operating results, financial condition, and liquidity of our subsidiaries and Berkshire as a whole. Major investment decisions and all major capital allocation decisions are made by key personnel in consultation with others. Our future operating results will depend to some degree on our operating units successfully protecting and enhancing their competitive advantages. Many factors, including technological changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO and Berkshire's corporate investment managers. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating, based on our long-held strategy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Such regulations may relate to, among other things, the types of business that can be written, the rates that can be charged for coverage, the level of capital that must be maintained, and restrictions on the types and size of investments that can be made. Additionally, changes in regulations related to these or other matters or regulatory actions imposing restrictions on our insurance businesses may adversely impact our results of operations and restrict our ability to allocate capital. We employ various disciplined underwriting practices intended to mitigate potential losses and attempt to take into account all possible correlations and avoid writing groups of policies from which pre-tax losses from a single catastrophe event might aggregate above a certain threshold.