The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, has caused severe disruptions in the U.S. and global economies and has adversely impacted our performance and results of operations. The pandemic has exacerbated many of the other risks discussed in this "risk factors" section. The proliferation of remote working may result in long-term changed market, consumer, and workplace practices that could negatively impact us and our business. Increased adoption of and familiarity with remote work practices could result in continued decreased demand for business and leisure travel, hotel stays, and conference facilities. Our technology infrastructure has supported remote work, but such working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts. Third-party service providers on whom we have become increasingly reliant for certain aspects of our business, including for certain information systems and technology, could be impacted by an inability to perform due to COVID-19 restrictions or by failures of, or attacks on, their information systems and technology. Cybersecurity risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs, and financial losses. Our operations are highly dependent on our information systems and technology, and we rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems. Our systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. We have become increasingly reliant on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain information systems and technology, including cloud-based services. The success of our technology, data, and intellectual property management is subject to a heightened risk of theft or compromise, particularly as we engage in operations outside the United States. Rapidly developing and changing global privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage. Our compliance obligations include those relating to U.S. laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as well as foreign data collection and privacy laws. We frequently have privacy compliance requirements as a result of our contractual obligations with counterparties. Our operations are highly dependent on the information system and technology infrastructure that supports our business. We depend on our headquarters in New York City for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery and business continuity programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. The majority of our employees globally have been working remotely in accordance with local government guidance and social distancing recommendations related to the COVID-19 pandemic. An extended period of remote working by our employees could introduce operational risks, including heightened cybersecurity risk.