Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including the need to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, which is critical for maintaining competitiveness. We must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. To support our business transformation, we continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, to enhance our technology and existing products and services. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our current operations. We are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services and hire talent, particularly to support and scale our salesforce. Our investments in Google services, Google Cloud, and other initiatives reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users. The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems, which are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption. Our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. The implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning system is designed to enhance the flow of financial information, improve data management, and provide timely information to our management team. However, complications with the design or implementation of this system could harm our business and operations. Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance these brands would hurt our ability to expand our user base. We face challenges related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our internet-based services. Our reliance on other companies to manufacture many of our finished products and to design certain components poses risks if we cannot engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity. Our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to maintain security protections that shield against bugs, theft, misuse, or security vulnerabilities or breaches. Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and misuse of user data. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be negatively affected if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as planned. Our international operations expose us to additional risks, including restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, import and export requirements, and evolving foreign events. We face increased regulatory scrutiny as well as changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and policies governing a wide range of topics that may negatively affect our business. Our ability to keep our products and services operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions is critical to our performance. The ongoing impact of COVID-19 has created inherent productivity, connectivity, and oversight challenges, which could affect our ability to enhance, develop, and support existing products and services.