Our business relies extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, and protect transactions and data. We depend on the integrity, security, and consistent access to operational and financial data for information such as sales, customer data, associate data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service, and post-purchase matters. We have been substantially increasing our investments to create the one home depot experience, including significant investments over several years to build one supply chain. These investments are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected shopping experience; and create the fastest, most efficient delivery network for home improvement products. Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options, and costs depends on many factors, including the success of our investments in one supply chain and the one home depot experience. The implementation of initiatives to build one supply chain and create the one home depot experience could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We rely heavily on the integrity of, security of, and consistent access to our information technology systems, which are subject to damage or interruption from various causes, including cyber-attacks, security breaches, and other critical infrastructure outages. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We must continually anticipate and adapt to changes in the purchasing process, which increasingly relies on technology and digital platforms. Our ability to collect, use, and protect relevant customer data is important to effectively meet customer expectations, which are becoming more demanding. We face an increased risk due to the potential failure of internal or external information technology infrastructure as well as increased cybersecurity threats. We are currently making substantial investments in our information technology systems, infrastructure, and personnel, which involve replacing existing systems with more flexible and efficient successor systems. These efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, and disruption of operations. Furthermore, our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. Our business depends on our customers' willingness to entrust us with their personal information, and any significant compromise or breach of our data security could result in substantial costs, including costs to investigate and remediate, as well as lost sales and damage to our reputation. We are also subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing data privacy and cybersecurity, which require significant effort and cost to maintain compliance. The regulatory environment related to data privacy and cybersecurity is constantly changing, and failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to fines, sanctions, governmental investigations, lawsuits, or reputational damage.