The global outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has negatively affected the U.S. and global economies, disrupted global supply chains, and resulted in significant travel and transport restrictions. We have taken measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, work with our customers and suppliers to minimize disruptions, and support our community in addressing the challenges posed by this ongoing global pandemic. The pandemic has presented unprecedented business challenges, and we have experienced impacts in each of our business areas related to COVID-19, primarily in increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, impacts of travel restrictions, site access and quarantine requirements, and the impacts of remote work and adjusted work schedules. Our work in production facilities and labs has continued throughout the pandemic, consistent with guidance from federal, state, and local officials to minimize the spread of COVID-19. We have taken actions to equip employees with personal protective equipment, establish minimum staffing and social distancing policies, sanitize workspaces more frequently, adopt alternate work schedules, and institute other measures aimed to sustain production and related services while minimizing the transmission of COVID-19. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. The majority of our capital expenditures for 2020 and those planned for 2021 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure, and information technology. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We also have access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes, and letters of credit to support customer advance payments and for other trade finance purposes such as guaranteeing our performance on particular contracts. We have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases, and postretirement benefit plan contributions. Our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve two key cash deployment initiatives in September 2020. We expect to recognize approximately 39% of our backlog over the next 12 months and approximately 61% over the next 24 months as revenue, with the remainder recognized thereafter. Our backlog includes both funded (firm orders for our products and services for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer) and unfunded (firm orders for which funding has not yet been appropriated) amounts. We do not include unexercised options or potential orders under indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity agreements in our backlog. The initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule, and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. Profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding the technical, schedule, and cost aspects of the contract, which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract. Conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase or our estimates of variable consideration we expect to receive decrease. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described. The operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs.