Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. Our success in the Internet of Things will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings such as Azure, Azure Stack, Azure IoT Edge, and Azure Sphere. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities in our own products as well as those provided by others. Cyber threats are constantly evolving, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Our data handling practices across our products and services will continue to be under scrutiny, and perceptions of mismanagement could negatively impact product and feature adoption, product design, and product quality. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to achieve our business objectives. The development of the IoT presents security, privacy, and execution risks. IoT products and services may contain defects in design, manufacture, or operation that make them insecure or ineffective for their intended purposes. We are also increasingly incorporating open-source software into our products, which may introduce vulnerabilities that could make our products susceptible to cyberattacks. Our ability to use data effectively is becoming central to the value of the services we deliver to customers, operational efficiency, and key opportunities in monetization. The growth of our internet- and cloud-based services relies increasingly on the movement of data across national boundaries. Legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, and transfer of personal data continue to evolve, which may impede the adoption of our services or result in increased costs, legal claims, fines against us, or reputational damage. We strive to empower all people and organizations to achieve more, and accessibility of our products is an important aspect of this goal. If our products do not meet customer expectations or emerging global accessibility requirements, we could lose sales opportunities or face regulatory actions. Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a diverse and inclusive work environment, are important to our ability to recruit and retain employees. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business.