nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging due to the size, scope, complexity and geographical reach of nee's and fpl's business. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised, and they could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. nee and fpl operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. the ability to process and monitor a very large number of transactions daily is crucial for nee and fpl, many of which are highly complex and cross numerous and diverse markets. any such failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect their ability to process transactions and provide services. nee and fpl add, modify and replace information systems regularly, and modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement systems is costly and involves risks, including integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources. nee and fpl face the risks of operational failure or capacity constraints of third parties, including those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services. the retail businesses of nee and fpl require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business, and if a significant breach occurred, their reputation could be materially adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, or customer information could be subject to identity theft. they would be subject to costs associated with the breach and could face fines and legal claims, any of which may have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the implementation of security measures has resulted in increased costs, and such events or actions may materially adversely affect their business. the ability of nee and fpl to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. if insurance coverage is not available or obtainable on acceptable terms, nee or fpl may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events. the reliance on information technology systems and the associated risks highlight the importance of effective IT governance and management practices to support operational efficiency and strategic objectives.