The increase in certain of our employees working remotely has resulted in increased demand on our information technology infrastructure, which can be subject to failure, disruption or unavailability, and increased vulnerability to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents. Our business operations are subject to disruption by natural disasters or other events beyond our control that could negatively impact product availability and decrease demand for our products if our crisis management plans do not effectively resolve these issues. Our reliance on information systems and technology, including public websites and cloud-based services, for many activities important to our business, including communications within our company, interfacing with customers and consumers; ordering and managing inventory; managing and operating our facilities; protecting confidential information; maintaining accurate financial records and complying with regulatory, financial reporting, legal and tax requirements, is critical. We depend on information systems and technology for effective support of business needs and to enhance our operational efficiency. Our business has in the past and could in the future be negatively affected by system shutdowns, degraded systems performance, systems disruptions or security incidents. Cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated and are being carried out by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to continue to build and maintain our information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to timely identify or appropriately respond to cyberattacks or other cyber incidents, our business can be adversely affected, resulting in transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, data loss, legal claims or proceedings, regulatory penalties, and the loss of sales and customers. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our direct-to-consumer business, and distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade. We will continue to focus on becoming faster, stronger, and better by improving the profitability of our business and capturing our fair share of category growth; accelerating our growth and presence in international snacks and food while investing wisely in beverages to balance between growth and returns; and making the necessary investments in our manufacturing capacity, go-to-market systems and digital initiatives, such as improving our presence and scale in our e-commerce business. Our productivity initiatives that we believe will position our business for long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure, improve decision-making and operate more efficiently are critical. We also plan to continue investing to further expand global business services into new capabilities, which will enable better insight and support for our businesses at a lower cost. Our strategic transactions are dependent upon our ability to realize the full extent of the expected returns, benefits, cost savings or synergies as a result of a transaction, within the anticipated time frame, or at all; receipt of necessary consents, clearances and approvals; and diversion of management's attention from day-to-day operations. The success of these transactions is dependent upon integrating manufacturing, distribution, sales, accounting, financial reporting and administrative support activities and information technology systems with our company.