The recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and we expect its impact will continue, at least in the near term. The rapid, global spread of COVID-19 has resulted in significant economic uncertainty, significant declines in business and consumer confidence, and global demand in the wireless industry, leading to a global recession. Specifically, the decline in demand for smartphones and other consumer devices has resulted in decreased demand for our integrated circuit products and a decrease in the royalties we earn on the licensing of our intellectual property. Our revenues depend on our customers' and licensees' sales of products and services based on CDMA, OFDMA, and other communications technologies, including 5G, and customer demand for our products based on these technologies. We believe it is critical that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and technology licensing to sustain and grow our business long-term. Our industry is subject to intense competition in an environment of rapid technological change, and our success depends in part on our ability to adapt to such change and compete effectively. We depend on our customers and licensees to develop devices and services based on these technologies with value-added features to drive consumer demand for new multimode devices. We have historically been successful during wireless technology transitions, including 3G, 4G, and now 5G. However, the timing and scale of such deployments may be delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features, develop and offer integrated circuit products at competitive cost and price points, and drive the adoption of our technologies and products in industry segments or applications outside of mobile, including automotive and IoT. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings, improve their products, or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to maintain existing business and customers or attract new business and customers. The semiconductor industry has experienced and may continue to experience consolidation, which could result in significant changes to the competitive landscape. Our future growth depends in part on new and expanded product areas, such as RF front-end (RFFE) technologies, and adjacent industry segments or applications beyond mobile. We intend to continue to make substantial investments in these new and expanded product areas and adjacent industry segments or applications, and in developing new products and technologies for these areas. However, our research, development, and other investments in these new and expanded product areas may not generate operating income or contribute to future results of operations that meet our expectations. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our future business will depend on future developments, which are uncertain, including the duration, spread, and severity of the pandemic, government responses, and other actions to mitigate the spread and treat COVID-19. We expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and may challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world.