The capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, trading firms, and issuers; the commodities markets include producers, traders, and intermediaries within energy, metals, petrochemicals, and agriculture. Our ability to realize anticipated benefits from the merger, including synergies, cost savings, innovation, and technological opportunities, is subject to risks such as managing a larger, more complex combined business and maintaining employee morale. We face challenges in integrating financial reporting, information technology infrastructure, data and content management systems, and product platforms, which could materially affect the combined company's business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business continuity program has been effective, but maintaining a remote work environment may adversely affect productivity and expose us to operational risks. Our information technology resources have been diverted to establishing and maintaining an infrastructure that supports remote working, limiting resources available for improvement and innovation projects. We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and the protection of confidential information, as our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of sensitive data. Breaches of our or our vendors' systems may cause material interruptions or malfunctions, compromising the confidentiality and integrity of material information. We continually assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. Our operations and infrastructure may malfunction or fail, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We rely heavily on network systems and the internet, and any failures or disruptions may adversely affect our ability to serve our customers. The rapid change of technology is a key feature of all the markets in which we operate, and to succeed in the future, we need to deploy improved processes and technology to innovate and support new products. Our strategy includes funding organic opportunities and pursuing disciplined acquisitions, investments, and partnerships to support key growth areas. We are closely monitoring the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business, as the pandemic has introduced volatility and uncertainty into the global capital and commodities markets. The integration process and other disruptions resulting from the merger may adversely affect relationships with employees, suppliers, customers, and others with whom we have dealings. We expect to incur substantial expenses and devote significant resources in connection with the completion of the merger and the integration of our businesses. Our ability to attract and retain key qualified personnel is critical, as the development, maintenance, and support of our products and services depend on the knowledge and experience of our employees. We face increased competition from traditional content and analytics providers as well as non-traditional providers, including asset managers and technology-led companies that are adding content and analytics capabilities to their core businesses. The financial services industry is highly regulated and subject to potential increased regulation, which could impact our operations and the markets in which we operate. Our business is impacted by general economic conditions and volatility in the U.S. and world financial markets, and we are subject to various forms of cyber attacks that could compromise our systems and data.