The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. We sell our products in several industries characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions, and evolving industry standards. Competitive factors include technological innovation, price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business capabilities, and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, developing new applications for our technologies, and continuing key customer initiatives. Our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our factory employees. We periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. Problems could arise that we have not foreseen, which could disrupt our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders, and otherwise run our business in a timely manner. We also rely on our information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, phishing, and other attempts to harm our systems. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or violation of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business. We have internal controls and compliance systems to protect the company against acts committed by employees, agents, or businesses that we acquire that would violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws. Our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses, which in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses. The company has mobilized to support the COVID-19 response with products and services that help diagnose the virus as well as assisting customers to develop potential therapeutics and vaccines used to protect from the virus. The company believes the impacted businesses' long-term prospects remain excellent given the company's attractive markets served, its industry-leading position, and proven growth strategy. The company’s references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research and development projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services.