Our business is highly dependent on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers, and health care professionals and to operate our business. The volume of health care data generated, and the uses of data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, price adequately our products and services, provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. Connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important, and recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. We periodically consolidate, integrate, upgrade, and expand our information systems' capabilities as a result of technology initiatives and recently enacted regulations, changes in our system platforms, and integration of new business acquisitions. Our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems' capabilities, enhancing our systems, and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. Failure to protect, consolidate, and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We have programs in place intended to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents and provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and are increasing in sophistication, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, detect breaches for long periods of time, or implement adequate preventive measures. Our health care benefits businesses have risk-based arrangements with some physicians, hospitals, and other health care providers. These arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care provider. To the extent a risk-based health care provider organization faces financial difficulties or otherwise is unable to perform its obligations under the arrangement, we may be held responsible for unpaid health care claims which should have been the responsibility of the health care provider. Our businesses compete throughout the United States, South America, and other foreign markets and face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity in the industries in which we operate, both among our competitors and suppliers. Consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase profitability. Our success in the health care marketplace will depend on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful and relevant to consumers and our customers, we may not remain competitive, and we risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants.