Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our products and the materials we require for our clinical trials. We depend on a worldwide network of third-party manufacturers to manufacture our drugs for commercial use and our drug candidates for clinical trials. Establishing, managing and expanding this global supply chain requires a significant financial commitment and the creation and maintenance of numerous third-party contractual relationships. Our reliance on these third-party manufacturers and suppliers could be subject to significant supply disruptions outside of our control. We have limited experience developing cell and genetic therapies and could experience challenges with these programs, which could result in delays or prevent the development, manufacturing and commercialization of our cell and genetic therapies. Our business also faces potential risks relating to the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. We are subject to various and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal data, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our business, result in fines and/or criminal penalties, and damage our reputation. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. In the course of our business, we collect, store and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems makes such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions and to security breaches. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters, floods or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and subject us to both private and governmental causes of action. While we have implemented security measures in an attempt to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with a disruption to our information technology systems, cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical, as we require the services of highly qualified and trained scientists who have the skills necessary to conduct these activities. We face intense competition for our personnel from our competitors and other companies throughout our industry, especially with respect to employees with expertise in cell or genetic therapies. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. Our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop additional drug candidates for both cystic fibrosis and non-cystic fibrosis indications. We are subject to health care fraud and abuse laws, such as the federal false claims act and anti-kickback laws, which prohibit off-label product promotion and other similar laws and regulations both in the U.S. and in non-U.S. markets.