In the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we confirmed that our payment data systems were breached, which potentially impacted customers who used payment cards at self-checkout systems in our U.S. and Canadian stores. The intruder then acquired elevated rights that allowed it to navigate portions of our systems and to deploy unique, custom-built malware on our self-checkout systems to access payment card information of up to 56 million customers who shopped at our U.S. and Canadian stores between April 2014 and September 2014. On September 18, 2014, we confirmed that the malware used in the data breach had been eliminated from our systems. In September 2014, we completed a major payment security project that provides enhanced encryption of payment card data at the point of sale in all of our U.S. stores, offering significant new protection for customers. The new security protection takes raw payment card information and scrambles it to make it unreadable to unauthorized users. We are also rolling out enhanced encryption to our Canadian stores and EMV chip-and-pin technology in our U.S. stores, which will add extra layers of payment card protection for customers who use EMV-enabled chip-and-pin cards. Our Canadian stores are already enabled with EMV chip-and-pin technology. In fiscal 2014, we completed the rollout of our second generation First Phone, a handheld mobile customer service tool used by our store associates. The latest First Phone generation provides a more intuitive smartphone interface, internet access to convert online sales in the aisle, integrated mobile checkout and greatly improved overall processing speed. Using our new merchandising assortment planning and pricing tools in fiscal 2014, we reviewed approximately one-third of the products offered in a typical store, allowing us to better match our assortments to local customer preferences, regulations and demographics. We also used these tools to help us make other focused merchandising decisions, including decisions regarding our markdown and clearance process. In fiscal 2014, we continued to enhance our website and mobile experience, resulting in increased traffic to our websites, increased online sales conversion rates and an increase in the number of orders being picked up in our stores. We improved navigation, enhanced search capabilities and expanded chat functionality across our online platforms. Almost 40% of our online orders are picked up in our stores through our Buy Online, Pick-Up in Store (BOPIS) and Buy Online, Ship to Store (BOSS) programs. In fiscal 2014, we started a pilot for Buy Online, Deliver from Store (BODFS), which complements our existing BOPIS and BOSS interconnected retail programs. We opened two of three planned direct fulfillment centers in fiscal 2014 and plan to open the third direct fulfillment center in the second half of fiscal 2015. These highly automated facilities will support our online growth by providing a balance of cost efficiency and speed in shipping online orders to meet our customers’ needs.