PepsiCo’s disclosures indicate that the company has increasingly embraced digital and technology-enabled capabilities to support its business.  In particular, management notes that “digital technology continues to change the retail landscape and the way in which we interact with retailers, shoppers and consumers,” and that “e-commerce is emerging as a significant factor,” leading the company to plan on “increasing our e-commerce presence, developing tailored customer strategies and utilizing the size and scale of our distribution system.”  The company also has committed to “focus on productivity and lowering the cost base of the company over the long term” by “eliminating duplication, deploying new technologies and capitalizing on everyday opportunities to lower our cost base.”  In 2014, Pepsico “continued to expand our globally integrated talent management infrastructure that provides insight into our workforce planning at the global and local levels” and enhanced Pepsico University to build leadership and functional skills.  Corporate unallocated costs expressly include “centrally managed initiatives such as research and development projects … and our ongoing business transformation initiatives,” reflecting investment in new capabilities.  As part of its enterprise resource planning modernization, the company incurred a $145 million charge in 2010 “related to a change in scope of one release in our ongoing migration to SAP software.”  Under its accounting policies, Pepsico “capitalizes certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use … includ[ing] external direct costs of materials and services, compensation and related benefits for employees directly associated with the software project and interest costs,” with capitalized software costs recorded in property, plant and equipment and amortized on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of five to ten years, totaling $208 million of software amortization in 2014 and $0.9 billion of net capitalized software and development costs as of December 27, 2014.  In addition, to identify, assess, prioritize, manage, monitor and communicate risks across its operations, Pepsico leverages “an integrated risk management framework” supported by a risk management office that provides ongoing guidance, tools and analytical support to senior management, division risk committees, the audit committee and the board of directors.  Throughout these initiatives, the company underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying technology-based resources in support of business strategies, process optimization and sustainable value creation.