Abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. The company is committed to driving continued expansion of operating margins and expects to achieve this objective through continued leverage from revenue growth, productivity initiatives in supply chain, and ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing, commercial infrastructure, administrative costs, and general corporate expenses. Abbvie's mission is to be an innovation-driven, patient-focused specialty biopharmaceutical company capable of achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution and a consistent stream of innovative new medicines. The combination of Abbvie and Allergan will create a diverse entity with leadership positions across immunology, hematologic oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience, women's health, eye care, and virology. Abbvie's existing product portfolio and pipeline will be enhanced with numerous Allergan assets, and Allergan's product portfolio will benefit from Abbvie's commercial strength, expertise, and international infrastructure. Abbvie's research and innovation are the cornerstones of its business, and its long-term success depends on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The company’s financial performance in 2019 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $33.3 billion, operating earnings of $13.0 billion, and cash flows from operations of $13.3 billion. Abbvie anticipates several regulatory submissions and key data readouts from key clinical trials in the next 12 months. The company must effectively and profitably commercialize its principal products by creating and meeting continued market demand, achieving market acceptance, and generating product sales. Abbvie's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for its products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers. The successful discovery, development, manufacturing, and sale of biologics is a long, expensive, and uncertain process. Abbvie's products are subject to rigorous regulation by numerous international, supranational, federal, and state authorities, and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals can be costly and time-consuming. The company relies on patent, trademark, and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, development, manufacturing, and sale of its products, and any significant event that adversely affects its revenues could have a material and negative impact on Abbvie's results of operations and cash flows. The expiration or loss of patent protection may adversely affect Abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings, and the company must continue to launch new products and new indications to remain competitive. Abbvie also depends on alliances with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for a portion of the products in its near-term pharmaceutical pipeline, and failures by these parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations could have an adverse effect on Abbvie's pharmaceutical pipeline and business. The company carries business interruption insurance, which provides a degree of protection in the case of a failure by a single-source supplier, and it monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers, and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad.