This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our business is subject to risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures may affect our profitability. Legislative actions changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy have affected and may continue to affect access to and sales of our products. We expect continued significant focus on healthcare and drug-pricing legislation, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business has been, and is expected to continue to be, affected by changes in U.S. federal reimbursement policy resulting from executive actions, federal regulations, and federal demonstration projects. The administration's drug-pricing blueprint contains an array of policy ideas intended to increase competition, improve negotiating power, and reduce drug prices, which could significantly affect our industry. The consolidation among insurers, PBMs, and other payers has increased their negotiating leverage over us and other biopharmaceutical manufacturers, resulting in greater price discounts and rebates. We face risks relating to the reporting of pricing data that affects reimbursement and discounts provided for our products, and changing reimbursement and pricing actions may negatively affect access to and sales of our products. Our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by global economic conditions. Financial pressures may cause government or other third-party payers to more aggressively seek cost containment measures, which could lead to reduced demand for our products. We rely on independent third-party clinical investigators to recruit patients and conduct clinical trials on our behalf, and we depend on alliances with other companies for the development of a portion of our products. Our collaborative relationships often extend for many years and may give rise to disputes regarding the relative rights, obligations, and revenues of us and our collaboration partners. We believe our success depends on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to changes in the competitive landscape, including the emergence of biosimilars and generics. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and resilience in the face of external pressures, including regulatory changes and market dynamics. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers, which may be affected by natural disasters, labor disputes, and compliance with regulatory requirements. We continue to invest in our business while returning capital to shareholders, reflecting our confidence in the future cash flows of our business.