In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others specific to our own businesses. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We continuously monitor our liquidity position and stress testing results, approving certain liquidity risk limits and reviewing the impact of strategic decisions on our liquidity. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss, and we seek to effectively identify, measure, monitor, report, and control the types of risk to which we are subject, including strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks. 

We take a comprehensive approach to risk management with a defined risk framework and an articulated risk appetite statement, which are approved annually by the enterprise risk committee and the board. The culture of managing risk well is fundamental to fulfilling our purpose and values and delivering responsible growth. We utilize various models and strategies to assess and control our market risk exposures, but those are subject to inherent limitations. In times of market stress or unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, which may limit the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and cause significant losses. 

We continuously update the systems on which we rely to support our operations and growth, and this updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Our operational and security systems infrastructure is integral to our performance, and we rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day operations, who may expose us to risk. We have developed and maintain contingency plans designed to prepare us in advance to respond in the event of potential adverse economic, financial, or market stress. 

The corporation's risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, earnings, or liquidity we are willing to put at risk to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans. We prioritize the risks we take to maintain a strong and flexible financial position, enabling us to withstand challenging economic conditions and take advantage of organic growth opportunities. Our lines of business operate with risk limits that align with the corporation's risk appetite, and executive management is responsible for tracking and reporting performance measurements as well as any exceptions to guidelines or limits. 

We have established operational procedures to enable us to borrow against our assets, including maintaining liquidity at the parent company and selected subsidiaries. Our liquidity risk management objective is to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral needs while continuing to support our businesses and customers under a range of economic conditions. We believe that a centralized approach to funding and liquidity management enhances our ability to monitor liquidity requirements and minimizes borrowing costs. 

Our risk management processes require strong risk management practices to be integrated into key strategic, capital, and financial planning processes, ensuring that risks are appropriately considered, evaluated, and responded to in a timely manner. The corporation's global compliance and operational risk teams independently assess compliance and operational risk, monitor business activities and processes, and evaluate adherence to applicable laws, rules, and regulations.