Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and the results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. The ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, employees, investors, and government authorities. Changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. The continuing trend of OTT service providers delivering their content directly to consumers over the internet rather than through traditional video distribution services continues to disrupt traditional video distribution business models. The increase in OTT service providers has significantly increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content has traditionally been distributed and viewed. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. The ability to adapt to regulatory changes is critical for maintaining operational flexibility and resilience. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others, as legal challenges could require us to enter into unfavorable agreements or incur substantial monetary liability. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, to conduct our operations and sell our products and services. Cyber threats and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks, information systems, and other technologies. Network, information systems, and technology-related events could result in a degradation or disruption of our products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, and damage to our reputation. The occurrence of severe weather events and other disruptions may result in large expenditures to repair or replace damaged properties, products, services, networks, or information systems. The risk of systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, and our businesses may be at a heightened risk of these events. We maintain significant availability under our revolving credit facilities and our commercial paper programs to meet our short-term liquidity requirements, which is essential for operational continuity. Our capital expenditures are focused on investments in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity, which is critical for adapting to changing market demands and maintaining competitive advantage. We expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our theme parks, reflecting our commitment to innovation and resilience in the face of market volatility. The management of our businesses involves making estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses, which requires a proactive approach to risk assessment and resource allocation. Our success depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market, and distribute content that meets the changing preferences of consumers, highlighting the importance of adaptability and organizational learning in achieving long-term resilience.