In evaluating our business, it is essential to consider various risks that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce new products and expand the indications for existing products to address areas of unmet medical need. The product development cycle is characterized by significant investments of resources, long lead times, and unpredictable outcomes due to the nature of developing medicines for human use. We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms, and generic drug manufacturers, which may impact our ability to maintain pricing and market share. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations, and failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. We also rely on collaborative relationships with third parties for our sales and marketing performance, which poses risks including the inability to control the resources our corporate partners devote to our programs or products. Our operations outside of the United States are accompanied by financial, political, and economic risks, including exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Business disruptions from natural or man-made disasters may adversely affect our revenues and materially reduce our earnings. Our corporate headquarters and manufacturing facilities are located in seismically active regions, and we may not carry adequate insurance to cover potential losses from such events. We are dependent on information technology systems, which may be subject to cyberattacks, security breaches, and legal claims. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality. Our business and technology partners face similar risks, and any security breach could adversely affect our operations and cause the loss of critical information. We are also subject to various legal actions that require us to expend substantial internal and financial resources. The outcome of these legal proceedings is inherently uncertain, and adverse developments could result in significant expenses or monetary damages. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified personnel is crucial for our operations, and competition for personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense. Changes in management and other key personnel may lead to potential organizational realignments that could disrupt our business. We continually review our R&D projects based on unmet medical needs and reallocate resources among our internal R&D portfolio and external opportunities. Our strategic initiatives include expanding internal and external innovation, strengthening portfolio strategy, and increasing patient benefit and access. We expect to continue to invest in our pipeline, cell therapy, and external partnerships to drive future growth. The overall plan is now guided by our newly established corporate strategy that provides focus and guides resource and capital allocation priorities.