Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments may affect our future operating results. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, and we must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs and attract and retain talented software developers. Our future growth increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We have implemented additional security measures and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to share information regarding suspicious filings. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions on a daily basis, especially in our payroll and payments businesses. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors, and other service providers to take and fulfill customer orders, handle customer service requests, and host certain online activities. Any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems may prevent us or our service providers from accepting and fulfilling customer orders or cause company and customer data to be unintentionally disclosed. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, terrorist attacks, and other events beyond our control. We have designed a significant portion of our software and computer systems to utilize data processing and storage capabilities provided by public cloud providers. If any public cloud service that we use is unavailable to us for any reason, our customers may not be able to access certain of our cloud products or features, which could significantly impact our operations, business, and financial results. We must continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which requires us to devote significant resources. We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory inquiries that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business and are not yet resolved, and additional claims and inquiries may arise in the future. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months.