If our products do not achieve market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. Achieving physician, patient, and third-party payor acceptance of robotic-assisted surgery as a preferred method of performing surgery is crucial to our success. We expect that there will be a learning process involved for surgical teams to become proficient in the use of our products. Economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our company. Uncertainty about global economic conditions has caused and may continue to cause disruptions in the financial credit markets, volatile currency exchange rates, and decreased consumer confidence. Customers and distributors may choose to postpone or reduce spending due to financial difficulties or may be unable to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products due to restraints on credit. Our business is closely tied to the overall U.S. healthcare system, which is subject to concerns and uncertainties due to efforts made by the U.S. federal government to modify or repeal certain provisions of the Affordable Care Act. If economic conditions worsen or new legislation is passed related to the healthcare system, customer demand may not materialize to the levels we require to achieve our anticipated financial results. The healthcare industry has been consolidating, and organizations continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our healthcare provider customers. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, resulting in pricing pressures and decreased average selling prices. We believe that our growth in gynecologic procedures has primarily been driven by consolidation of gynecologic procedures into higher volume surgeons that focus on cancer and complex surgeries. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. Our installed base of da Vinci surgical systems grew 12% to approximately 5,582 at December 31, 2019. We have entered into sales-type and operating lease arrangements directly with certain qualified customers as a way to offer customers flexibility in how they acquire systems and expand their robotic-assisted programs. These leases generally have commercially competitive terms compared to other third-party entities that offer equipment leasing. We expect gross profit margins to vary over time, and changes in our gross profit margins could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Our reliance on sole and single-source suppliers could harm our ability to meet demand for our products in a timely manner or within budget. We may encounter manufacturing problems or delays that could result in lost revenue. Our products are subject to various regulatory processes, and we must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals in order to sell our new products. If we fail to effectively develop new products and manage new product introductions in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially adversely impacted. We cannot predict the impact, if any, that changes in trade and fiscal policies could have on our operations. We are subject to various risks due to our operations outside of the U.S., including failure to obtain or maintain the same degree of protection against infringement of our intellectual property rights as we have in the U.S. Our operations are subject to certain antitrust and competition laws, and violations could result in fines, criminal sanctions, and damage to our reputation. We must assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets, and if we determine that all or part of our deferred tax assets are not recoverable in the future, we must increase our provision for taxes.