Given the size and complexity of the F-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the Department of Defense, congressional, and international partner countries' oversight and budgeting processes. Our operating cycle is primarily long term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development, and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules. Consequently, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. The cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract. For example, cost data provided to a customer for a product would typically align to the subcomponents of that product and for services would align to the type of work being performed. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We also may enter into long-term supply contracts for certain materials or components to coincide with the production schedule of certain products and to ensure their availability at known unit prices. Many of our contracts span several years and include highly complex technical requirements. At the outset of a contract, we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule, and cost aspects of the contract and assess the effects of those risks on our estimates of total costs to complete the contract. The estimates consider the technical requirements, the schedule and associated tasks, and costs. The initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule, and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. Profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding the technical, schedule, and cost aspects of the contract, which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract. Conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase. All of the estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and may affect the profit booking rate. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described. The operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs. We are involved in proceedings and potential proceedings relating to soil, sediment, surface water, and groundwater contamination, disposal of hazardous substances, and other environmental matters at several of our current or former facilities. A substantial portion of environmental costs will be included in our net sales and cost of sales in future periods pursuant to U.S. government regulations. We continually evaluate the recoverability of our assets for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery by assessing, among other factors, U.S. government regulations, our U.S. government business base and contract mix, our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs, and efforts by some U.S. government representatives to limit such reimbursement. We expect to recognize approximately 39% of our backlog over the next 12 months and approximately 65% over the next 24 months as revenue, with the remainder recognized thereafter.