We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of organizational change initiatives. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience as they increasingly are using computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. The market for skilled professionals is increasingly competitive, and our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent necessary to implement our strategic initiatives. Cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect sensitive information could also adversely affect our business. We are subject to risks that could disrupt our operations, including natural disasters, which can affect consumer spending and confidence, and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. These events may affect our information systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders. Our ability to effectively manage our third-party installers could result in increased operational and legal risks. Operating internationally presents unique challenges, including the need to adapt our operations to serve customers in different regions. Our future operating results could be negatively affected by various factors, including unfavorable political or economic conditions, volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, and increased difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. We must comply with various laws and regulations that differ substantially in each area where we operate, and failure to comply could adversely affect our business. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Disruption in the financial markets or an erosion of our credit strength could impact our ability to meet capital requirements or fund working capital needs. Our sales are dependent upon the health and stability of the general economy, and adverse changes in economic factors specific to the home improvement industry may negatively impact our growth. A widespread health crisis could adversely affect the U.S. economy, resulting in an economic downturn that could decrease consumer confidence and affect demand for our products.