Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we utilize to manage our business. Our success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource-efficient manner. We must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. The threat comes from traditional players, such as insurers, through disintermediation as well as from new entrants, such as technology companies and insurtech start-up companies. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted, and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit, and store electronic information. Our information technology systems and safety control systems are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage, or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyberattacks, computer viruses, and other malware. A cyberattack or other business continuity event affecting us or a key vendor or other third party could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or operations or our ability to recover data, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity, disaster recovery, and data recovery plans and key management succession. However, a disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, and legal liability. Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss. The risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, where we have significant operations. Our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. If a business continuity event occurs, we could lose client or company data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients. We have a history of making acquisitions and investments, and the process of integrating the information systems of acquired businesses is complex and exposes us to additional risk. We may not adequately identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities in an acquired entity's information systems, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities, or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyberattack. The integration of JLT is ongoing, and we remain exposed to these risks until the integration is complete. We strive to foster a culture in which our colleagues act with integrity and feel comfortable speaking up about potential misconduct. Our ability to attract and retain colleagues and clients is dependent upon our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workplace, trustworthiness, and ethical business practices.