Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The ability to remain competitive depends on success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, and the competitive pressures may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and increased operating costs. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. We are undertaking cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our success in the Internet of Things will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to achieve our business objectives. The increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks, and whether we succeed in cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services. Our investments in research and development for existing products, services, and technologies are significant, and commercial success depends on many factors, including innovativeness and effective distribution and marketing. Developing new technologies is complex and can require long development and testing periods, and significant delays or problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue. Acquisitions and strategic alliances may have an adverse effect on our business, and the success of these transactions will depend on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones. Cybersecurity threats are constantly evolving, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them, and breaches of our facilities, network, or data security could disrupt our ability to provide services to our customers. The security of our products and services is important in our customers' decisions to purchase or use our products or services. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major event could cause delays in completing sales or providing services. Our corporate headquarters and significant operations are in seismically active regions, and a catastrophic event could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a diverse and inclusive work environment, are important to our ability to recruit and retain employees. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world, and our platforms and tools help drive productivity, competitiveness, and efficiency. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy or the IT industry are unclear, and environmental regulations may affect the availability or cost of goods and services necessary to run our business.