Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We may be unable to maintain or improve gross margins. Our gross margins are dependent in part upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. Factors that may limit our ability to maintain or reduce costs include the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes and difficulties in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies. Many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which could lead to underutilization of our production assets. A significant portion of our manufacturing costs are fixed and do not vary proportionally with changes in production output. As a result, lower utilization and increases in our per gigabit manufacturing costs may adversely affect our gross margins, business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our business and the markets we serve are subject to rapid technological changes and material fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies. Some of our competitors are large corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments, and make adequate capital investments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may also incur increases in manufacturing costs and supply chain risks due to our efforts to mitigate the impact of tariffs on our customers and our operations. We cannot predict what further actions may ultimately be taken with respect to tariffs or trade relations between the U.S. and other countries. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate. Our competitors are working to develop new memory and storage technologies that may offer performance and/or cost advantages to existing technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. Our unsuccessful efforts to develop new products and solutions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We must attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees. Competition for experienced employees in our industry can be intense and hiring and retaining qualified executives, engineers, technical staff, and sales representatives are critical to our business. Our inability to attract and retain key employees may inhibit our ability to maintain or expand our business operations. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If production is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected, or we may be unable to meet our customers' requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. This could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs, loss of revenues, or damage to customer relationships. A downturn in the worldwide economy may harm our business. Adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that incorporate our products. A deterioration of current conditions in worldwide credit markets could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures. Breaches of our security systems, or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners, could expose us to losses. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations.