If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing memberships and attracting new memberships, our business will be adversely affected. Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, effectively market our service, as well as provide a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV series and movies. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if membership acquisition and retention do not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. If we do not grow as expected, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity, and results of operation may be adversely impacted. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems, but the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers, and other rights holders licensing rights, including distribution rights, to such content. If the studios, content providers, and other rights holders are not or are no longer willing or able to license us content upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members may be adversely affected and/or our costs could increase. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license, and/or distribute through our service. We may decide to remove content from our service, not to place licensed or produced content on our service, or discontinue or alter production of original content if we believe such content might not be well received by our members, or could be damaging to our brand or business. If we are unable to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. Our ability to make payments on our debt, including our notes, and our other obligations will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, and other factors beyond our control. If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash flows, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of such obligations prior to maturity.