Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected. The growth and expansion of our business and product offerings place a significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We may not be able to successfully implement or scale improvements to our systems, processes, and controls in an efficient or timely manner. Additionally, our existing systems, processes, and controls may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We may also experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems, processes, and controls or in connection with third-party software licensed to help us with such improvements. Any future growth would add complexity to our organization and require effective coordination throughout our organization. We face intense competition in our market, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. The market for enterprise security products is intensely competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors and new market entrants. Our main competitors have substantial competitive advantages such as greater name recognition and longer operating histories, larger sales and marketing budgets, and broader distribution and established relationships with distribution partners and end-customers. We must continually change our products and expand our business strategy in response to changes in network infrastructure requirements, including the expanding use of cloud computing. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform and support offerings within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our platform, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. Our corporate culture fosters innovation, teamwork, and focus on execution, which are critical to our success and our ability to retain highly skilled personnel. However, as we grow and change, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our corporate culture. Any failure to preserve our culture as we grow could limit our ability to innovate and could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, continue to perform at current levels, or execute on our business strategy. We believe that uncertainty in the global economic environment could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. The global macroeconomic environment has been and may continue to be inconsistent and challenging due to instability in the global credit markets, economic challenges in various regions, and geopolitical turmoil. Any continued or further uncertainty, weakness, or deterioration in global macroeconomic and market conditions may cause our end-customers to modify spending priorities or delay purchasing decisions, resulting in lengthened sales cycles, any of which could harm our business and operating results.