You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, including the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. These risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our publicly traded securities. Future demand for our products may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences or any inability on our part to innovate, market or distribute our products effectively, and any significant reduction in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on continued demand for our products and therefore must understand our customers and consumers and sell products that appeal to them in the sales channel in which they prefer to shop or browse for such products. Demand for our products depends in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with health and wellness, convenience, or the location of origin or source of ingredients and products. These factors have in the past and could in the future reduce consumers' willingness to purchase certain of our products and any inability on our part to anticipate or react to such changes can lead to reduced demand for our products or erode our competitive and financial position. Our ability, and that of our suppliers and other third parties, to make, manufacture, transport, distribute and sell products in our portfolio is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our or their operations has occurred in the past and could continue to occur due to adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, government action, economic or political uncertainties or instability in countries in which such products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, which may also affect our ability to protect the security of our assets and employees. Our business, financial condition or results of operations can be adversely affected if we are unable to grow our business in developing and emerging markets. Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in developing and emerging markets, including Mexico, Russia, the Middle East, Brazil, China and India. However, there can be no assurance that our existing products, variants of our existing products or new products that we make, manufacture, distribute or sell will be accepted or be successful in any particular developing or emerging market, due to local or global competition, product price, cultural differences, consumer preferences as to distribution or otherwise. We continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Our risk management program also includes periodic review and discussion by our board of directors of analyses of emerging cybersecurity threats and our plans and strategies to address them. We continue to implement productivity initiatives that we believe will position our business for long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure, improve decision-making and operate more efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food and snack categories and markets. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives as planned, fail to implement these initiatives as timely as we anticipate, do not achieve expected savings as a result of these initiatives or incur higher than expected or unanticipated costs in implementing these initiatives, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, resulting in adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations.