We are a global company, with operations in approximately 70 countries and products sold in more than 180 countries and territories around the world. Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of our significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls, and localized volatility. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. The loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results. Therefore, our business results are dependent, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost-saving projects, and sourcing decisions while maintaining and improving margins and market share. We must also successfully respond to technological advances made by competitors. Failure to continually innovate, improve, and respond to competitive moves and changing consumer habits could compromise our competitive position and adversely impact our results. Our ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, which may result in challenges in maintaining profit margins. Our strategic choices are focused on winning with consumers, and achieving our business results depends, in part, on successfully developing, introducing, and marketing new products and on making significant improvements to our equipment and manufacturing processes. We must successfully manage compliance with laws and regulations, as well as manage new and pending legal and regulatory matters in the U.S. and abroad. Our business is subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations across the countries in which we do business, including those laws and regulations involving intellectual property, product liability, product composition or formulation, packaging content or disposability, marketing, antitrust, data protection, environmental, employment, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, tax, accounting, and financial reporting. Rapidly changing laws, regulations, policies, and related interpretations create challenges for the company, including our compliance and ethics programs, may alter the environment in which we do business, and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance. We must be able to successfully manage the impacts of acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture activities while delivering against our business objectives. Our financial results could be adversely impacted by the dilutive impacts from the loss of earnings associated with divested brands or dissolution of joint ventures. Our financial results depend on our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change. Successfully executing organizational change, including the move to a new organizational structure, management transitions at leadership levels of the company, and motivation and retention of key employees, is critical to our business success. Our company also devotes time and resources to citizenship efforts that are consistent with our corporate values and are designed to strengthen our business and protect and preserve our reputation.