The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions to restrict smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volume in many of our markets. We expect that such factors will continue to reduce consumption levels and will increase down-trading and the risk of counterfeiting, contraband, "illicit whites," and legal cross-border purchases. Our financial results could be significantly affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands, particularly requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products or impede adult consumers' ability to convert to our reduced-risk products (RRPs). We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors' introduction of lower-price products or innovative products, and product regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco products. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. We may be unable to anticipate changes in adult consumer preferences, which may be influenced by local economic conditions. Our business is subject to changes in adult consumer preferences, which may be influenced by local economic conditions. We must promote brand equity successfully, anticipate and respond to new adult consumer trends, develop new products and markets, and improve productivity. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract and retain the best global talent. To be successful, we must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent with our business needs, innovate, and transform to a consumer-centric business. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place, and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended, or penetration of our systems by outside parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes, could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract and retain the best global talent. Our intellectual property rights are valuable assets, and their protection is important to our business. If the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights globally are inadequate, or if others infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property rights, our business could suffer. We may be required to replace third-party contract manufacturers or service providers with our own resources. In certain instances, we contract with third parties to manufacture some of our products or product parts or to provide other services. We may be unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms for numerous reasons, including government regulations. Changes in the earnings mix and changes in tax laws may result in significant variability in our effective tax rates. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix.