The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also negatively impact our business and results of operations and require significant management time and attention. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological changes. Our success depends in part on our ability to adapt to such changes and compete effectively; and such changes and competition could result in decreased demand for our products or declining average selling prices for our products or those of our customers or licensees. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to maintain existing business and customers or attract new business and customers, as new opportunities develop and as new competitors enter the industry. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, technological and public policy changes and relatively low barriers to entry in certain segments of the industry. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and with smaller geometry process technologies that drive both performance and lower power consumption. We also depend on our customers and licensees to develop devices and services based on these technologies with value-added features to drive consumer demand for new multimode devices. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and that we develop, commercialize and be a leading supplier of integrated circuit products and services, in order to sustain and grow our business long-term. Our industry is experiencing and may continue to experience concentration of device share among a few companies, particularly at the premium tier, contributing to this trend. If revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our business and results of operations could be negatively affected. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, which increasingly includes a small number of Chinese OEMs. If we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions, including joint ventures and other strategic investments, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We continue to invest significant resources to develop our wireless baseband chipsets, which incorporate technologies in various areas, among others: advancements in 4G and 5G, connectivity, power management, and artificial intelligence, all of which contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. We expect our business, particularly QCT, to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including increased concentration of device share among a few companies, decisions by companies to utilize their own internally-developed integrated circuit products, and intense competition, particularly in China. We also expect growth in new device categories and industries, resulting from the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industry segments outside traditional cellular industries. Our future growth significantly depends on the ability to develop leading and cost-effective technologies, products and services for new and expanded product areas, adjacent industry segments and applications.