The risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, including management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations, highlight the importance of organizational resilience in maintaining positive adjustment under challenging conditions. Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets could adversely affect our business and financial results, as our results of operations are sensitive to changes in or uncertainty about macro-economic conditions. Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands, and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. Business incidents that erode consumer trust can significantly reduce brand value and may lead to negative publicity, litigation, and a decrease in customer traffic. If our business partners and third-party providers do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities, it could damage our brand and our financial results could suffer. Incidents involving food or beverage-borne illnesses could harm our business, as any report linking us to such instances could severely hurt our sales. The unauthorized access, use, theft, or destruction of customer or employee data could impact our reputation and brand, exposing us to potential liability and loss of revenues. We rely heavily on information technology in our operations and growth initiatives, and any material failure or security breach could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business. The successful implementation of important strategic initiatives is crucial for our business, and factors affecting these initiatives could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. Evolving consumer preferences and tastes may adversely affect our business, as our financial results could be impacted by shifts in consumer spending. Our reliance on key business partners may also adversely affect our operations, as the growth of our business relies on their ability to implement our growth platforms and product innovations. Changes in the availability and cost of labor could adversely affect our business, as increases in labor costs and difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel may harm our operations. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our Americas operating segment, and a decline in performance could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results. We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets to achieve our growth targets, and economic downturns in these markets could adversely affect our business. We operate in over 80 markets globally, and our international operations are subject to additional risks, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and changes in economic, legal, regulatory, social, and political conditions. Increases in the cost of high-quality arabica coffee beans or other commodities could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. Our financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to various factors, many of which are largely outside our control, including severe weather or other natural or man-made disasters affecting our retail business. Any material interruption in our supply chain could negatively impact our business and profitability.