We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price, many of which are driven by factors beyond our control. Developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident, we maintain a backup and recovery infrastructure, including facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. Our risk management process comprises risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation controls. Despite our efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer unexpected losses due to these risks. We have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. Our operational risk arises from potential inadequacies or failures related to people, internal processes, and systems, or from external events impacting the company and its key business partners. We rely on a system of internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep operational risk and operational losses within the company's risk appetite. We have specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and we use control testing programs and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. Schwab's operations could be negatively impacted by business or system interruptions, errors, or downtime, which could result from various causes, including natural disasters, technological failure, and cyber attacks. We continuously monitor our systems and work collaboratively with government agencies and other financial institutions to address potential threats. We also face risk related to external fraud involving the misappropriation of clients' personal information. Our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients. Security breaches may result in significant liability and damage to our reputation. We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but violations could occur. We are committed to protecting the company's and its clients' assets from fraud and complying with all applicable laws and regulations to prevent, detect, and report fraudulent activity. We manage fraud risk through policies, procedures, and controls. Our risk management program is designed to identify and manage risks and their potential financial and reputational impacts. We have established policies and procedures to ensure that obligations to clients are discharged faithfully and in compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. We conduct regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events. Our capital management incorporates preparations for closing the USAA-IMCO transaction, including the allocation of capital to support client cash that will be added to our balance sheet. We monitor the subsidiaries' capital levels and requirements, and any excess capital held by subsidiaries is transferred to CSC in the form of dividends and returns of capital.