The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. We must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. If we fail to adequately predict our customers' needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, adversely affecting our results of operations and financial condition. We are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, developing new applications for our technologies, and expanding our service offerings. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. If the global economy and financial markets are unstable, it could adversely affect the business, results of operations, and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers. We are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government, and a failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of contracts or penalties. Natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, and other catastrophic events may disrupt our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend, impacting customer spending. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, making us susceptible to earthquake risk. An earthquake or other natural disaster could disrupt our operations or impair our critical systems. If any of our facilities or the facilities of our suppliers or customers are affected by natural disasters, public health crises, or political crises, our results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on our information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage critical business processes. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from various threats, and any significant disruptions could materially interrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, and harm our reputation and financial results. Our ability to realize the value of goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses, which in turn depend on how well we have integrated these businesses. We assess the realizability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually and when events occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms. The company has identified restructuring actions that will result in additional charges, and these projects are expected to result in annual cost savings. The restructuring actions incurred in 2019 are expected to enhance operational flexibility and improve organizational effectiveness.