We are susceptible to a potential downturn associated with macroeconomic weakness, which may affect our performance and the performance of our customers. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic, or other conditions. We are exposed to political, social, and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications, and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches, disruptions, or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business, and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth, cost savings, or other benefits of strategic, business, and organizational changes. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. We have manufacturing, data, and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events, or health epidemics that could disrupt operations. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture, and market innovative products in a timely manner. We face supply chain and manufacturing risks. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules, and regulations to which our business is subject. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, as well as the effective management of succession for key employees. Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to maintain freedom of operation. Our debt could affect our operations and financial condition. Our results of operations and liquidity could be affected by changes in the financial markets. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets. We believe these markets represent the best growth opportunities over the next decade or longer, due to increasing semiconductor content. Our business model is designed around sustainable competitive advantages that we believe, in combination, put us in a unique class of companies. The combined effect of our ambitions, business model, and sustainable competitive advantages is that we have continued to build a stronger company.