The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. We are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. Our business activities are highly regulated, and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could materially and adversely affect our business. We manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and care management programs. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, price adequately our products and services, provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences. If we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade, or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected. We routinely process, store, and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. We have programs in place that are intended to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents and that provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. Our success in the health care marketplace will depend on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful and relevant to consumers, we may not remain competitive, and we risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. Our businesses compete throughout the United States, South America, and other foreign markets and face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. We face and will likely continue to face heightened competition in the markets where we operate to acquire or manage physician practices or to employ or contract with individual physicians. If we are unable to maintain or grow satisfactory relationships with physicians, or to acquire, recruit, or, in some instances, employ physicians, or to retain enrollees following the departure of a physician, our revenues could be materially and adversely affected.