Our business, financial condition and results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including changes in general economic conditions that may adversely affect us. We conduct operations in over 220 countries and territories, and our operations are subject to cyclicality affecting national and international economies, which may make it difficult for us to adjust our business model to mitigate the impact of these factors. Our industry is rapidly evolving, and we expect to continue to face significant competition, which could adversely affect us. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, we could be adversely affected. We are subject to complex and stringent laws, regulations and policies which could increase our operating costs and impact our ability to provide services. Increased security requirements impose substantial costs on us, and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach, which could materially adversely affect us. Severe weather or other natural or manmade disasters could adversely affect us, leading to disruptions in our business and decreased revenues. We make significant capital investments in our business, and if we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, negatively affecting our revenues and profitability. Our business is subject to changes in markets and our business plans that have resulted in substantial write-downs of the carrying value of our assets, thereby reducing our net income. We are exposed to the effects of changing fuel and energy prices, and interruptions in supplies of these commodities could have a material adverse effect on us. We monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and use derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial position and results of operations. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of our brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. A significant data breach or IT system disruption could materially adversely affect us, including requiring us to increase spending on data and system security. We rely heavily on information technology networks and systems to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. Our information technology systems are susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to various factors, including cyber-attacks, which could result in unauthorized access to, or disruptions of, information or systems that are important to our business. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. Despite our best efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. We believe that our current cash position, access to commercial paper programs and debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be adequate to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments. We regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt or equity to refinance existing debt and to fund ongoing cash needs. We are continually exposed to changing economic, political and social developments that are beyond our control, and our failure to manage and anticipate these risks could materially adversely affect us.