This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures may affect our profitability. Governments and private payers continue to pursue initiatives to manage drug utilization and contain costs. These payers are increasingly focused on the effectiveness, benefits, and costs of similar treatments, which could result in lower reimbursement rates or narrower populations for whom payers will reimburse. The administration's drug-pricing blueprint released in May 2018 contains an array of policy ideas intended to increase competition, improve the negotiating power of the federal government, reduce drug prices, and lower patient out-of-pocket costs with the potential to significantly affect our industry. Such policy ideas include moving coverage and reimbursement for Medicare Part B drugs into Medicare Part D and instituting a competitive acquisition program for Part B drugs. We have been, and may continue to be, affected by changes in U.S. federal reimbursement policy resulting from executive actions, federal regulations, and federal demonstration projects. Our business has been, and is expected to continue to be, affected by legislative actions changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy. We also face risks relating to the reporting of pricing data that affects the reimbursement of and discounts provided for our products. U.S. government price reporting regulations are complex and may require a biopharmaceutical manufacturer to update certain previously submitted data. If our submitted pricing data are incorrect, we may become subject to substantial fines and penalties or other government enforcement actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We rely on independent third-party clinical investigators to recruit patients and conduct clinical trials on our behalf in accordance with applicable study protocols, laws, and regulations. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers, which may be affected by capacity of manufacturing facilities, contamination by microorganisms or viruses, compliance with regulatory requirements, and cyber-attacks on supplier systems. Our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R&D efforts, our clinical and commercial manufacturing processes, and our product sales and distribution processes. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems makes them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions. Our systems also contain and utilize a high volume of sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets, financial information, regulatory information, strategic plans, sales trends, and forecasts. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection, and resilience of our critical or sensitive data and systems. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will detect, prevent, or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks, or breaches of our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations.