Our business, and that of our tenants, is subject to laws, regulations and administrative and judicial decisions, and changes thereto, that could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape. We rely on information technology and other computing resources as part of our normal business activities and in our innovation or managed networks businesses. Our computer systems, network operation centers or power systems, or those of our cloud or internet-based providers, could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, usage errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and other events beyond our control. Although we and our vendors have disaster recovery programs and security measures in place, if our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, breached or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations, including our ability to correctly record, process and report financial information, our tenants' network availability may be impacted or we could unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, which could result in a loss of revenue, damage our reputation, litigation, penalties under existing or future data privacy laws and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Achieving the benefits of acquisition and innovation activities depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations, telecommunications infrastructure assets and personnel. Integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including, among other things, portfolios without requisite permits, differing systems, cultural differences, conflicting policies, procedures and operations. Significant acquisition-related integration costs, including certain nonrecurring charges such as costs associated with onboarding employees, integrating information technology systems, acquiring permits and visiting, inspecting, engineering and upgrading tower sites or related communications infrastructure assets, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in the period in which such charges are recorded or our cash flow in the period in which any related costs are actually paid. Our business transformation and the deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, across existing wireless networks will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. As a result, we expect that our tenants will continue deploying additional equipment across their existing networks. Wireless service providers compete based on the quality of their existing networks, which is driven by capacity and coverage. To maintain or improve their network performance as overall network usage increases, our tenants continue deploying additional equipment across their existing sites while also adding new cell sites. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions.