The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications and broadband communications. Approximately 44% of the company's 2019 net sales came from sales to the communications industry, with demand for these products subject to rapid technological change. The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. There has been a trend on the part of customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company's financial results and operations, including its ability to manufacture, assemble and test, design, develop or sell products, and the demand for its products, may be adversely affected by a number of global and regional factors outside of its control. The company has also experienced challenges at times following the acquisition of a new company or business, including managing the operations, manufacturing facilities and technology. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations. Cybersecurity threats continue to expand and evolve globally, making it difficult to detect and prevent such threats from impacting the company. The company has been a target of various cybersecurity attacks, including but not limited to ransomware attacks, but the impact of such attacks has not been material. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. The potential for fines and other related costs in the event of a breach of or non-compliance with information security or privacy laws and requirements may have an adverse effect on the company's financial results. The company has established policies and procedures designed to assist it and its personnel in complying with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations. The company's ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths, and it uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends and reduce indebtedness. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing success factors such as developing high technology performance-enhancing interconnect solutions and controlling costs.