Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters, and other conditions. Information or cyber security incidents, including intrusion into or degradation of systems or technology by cyberattackers, can have a material adverse effect on our business. Our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers, may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, computer viruses, vulnerabilities in hardware or software, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. We rely on third-party providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms, and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. The management and oversight of multiple vendors increases our operational complexity and governance challenges and decreases our control. If we are not able to invest successfully in, and compete at the leading edge of, technological developments across all our businesses, our revenue and profitability could be materially adversely affected. Our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. In order to compete in our industry, we need to continue to invest in technology across all areas of our business, including in transaction processing, data management and analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence, customer interactions and communications, open banking and alternative payment mechanisms, authentication technologies and digital identification, tokenization, real-time settlement, and risk management and compliance systems. We have implemented an information security program and operating model that is designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Our information security program and operating model are based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity common standards framework, which consists of controls designed to identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover from information and cyber security incidents. We have developed systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change. Despite our efforts, the possibility of information and cyber security incidents cannot be eliminated entirely and will evolve as new and emerging technology is deployed. Our ability to develop, acquire, or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may also be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties may assert. We may not be successful in realizing the benefits associated with our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and investment activity, and our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. Our success is dependent on maintaining a culture of integrity and respect as well as upon our executive officers and other key personnel, and misconduct by or loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business. Our comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management program seeks to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks, including operational risk, which is defined as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or the external environment.