In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others of which are more specific to our own businesses. The corporation's operational and security systems infrastructure, including our computer systems, emerging technologies, data management and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. Our ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems and the financial services industry infrastructure is more limited than with respect to our own systems. We continuously update the systems on which we rely to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with all applicable laws, rules and regulations globally. This updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. Our business relies on effective access management and the secure collection, processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, personal and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. Cybersecurity risks have also significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increasingly sophisticated activities of organized crime groups, hackers, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. The financial services industry is particularly at risk because of the proliferation of new and emerging technologies, including third-party financial data aggregators, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. Our plans to continue our use of automation, artificial intelligence and robotics, increase our internet and mobile banking products, including mobile payment and other web- and cloud-based products and applications, and develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers when and how they want to be served, increase our cybersecurity risks and exposure. We have developed and maintain contingency plans that are designed to prepare us in advance to respond in the event of potential adverse economic, financial or market stress. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss to us. We seek to effectively and consistently identify, measure, monitor, report and control the types of risk to which we are subject, including strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational and reputational risks. The corporation's risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, earnings or liquidity we are willing to put at risk to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements. Our risk appetite provides a common and comparable set of measures for senior management and the board to clearly indicate our aggregate level of risk and to monitor whether the corporation's risk profile remains in alignment with our strategic and capital plans. We manage our liquidity position through line of business and asset liability management activities, as well as through our legal entity funding strategy, on both a forward and current basis under both expected and stressed conditions. We utilize liquidity stress analysis to assist us in determining the appropriate amounts of liquidity to maintain at the parent company and our subsidiaries to meet contractual and contingent cash outflows under a range of scenarios. Our liquidity risk management objective is to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral needs while continuing to support our businesses and customers under a range of economic conditions.