BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. The introduction of new technologies, as well as regulatory changes, have altered the competitive landscape for investment managers, which may lead to additional fee compression or require BlackRock to spend more to modify or adapt its product offerings to attract and retain customers and remain competitive with products and services offered by other financial institutions. The sophisticated risk analytics, portfolio management, trade execution, and investment operations that BlackRock provides via its technology platform to support investment advisory and Aladdin clients are important elements of BlackRock's competitive success. BlackRock leverages its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. The company continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. The company has implemented internal controls and procedures, and maintains a robust vendor management program designed to perform diligence and monitor third parties that support the Aladdin platform. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will prove effective. BlackRock must maintain effective infrastructure, including a robust and secure technological framework, in order to maximize the benefit of the Aladdin platform. Continuing enhancements to Aladdin's capabilities, as well as the expansion of the Aladdin platform into new markets and geographies, have led to significant growth in Aladdin's processing scale, which may expose BlackRock to reputational harm, increased regulatory scrutiny, and heightened operational, data management, cyber- and information-security risks. The operation of BlackRock's Aladdin platform routinely involves updating existing capabilities, developing, testing, and rolling out new functionalities and expanding coverage into new markets and geographies. These updates and expansion initiatives frequently occur on accelerated time frames and may expose BlackRock to additional cyber- and information-security risks, as well as increased execution, operational, and data management risks. BlackRock's financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to react to changes in the asset management industry, respond to evolving client demands, and develop, market, and manage new investment products and services. The company is subject to extensive regulation around the world, and these regulations subject BlackRock's business activities to an array of increasingly detailed operational requirements, compliance with which is costly and complex. BlackRock's ability to maintain an infrastructure commensurate with the size and scope of its business, or the occurrence of a business outage or event outside BlackRock's control, could materially impact operations, result in disruption to the business, or impede its growth. The company is also dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures, and capabilities it maintains to protect its computer and telecommunications systems and the data that resides on or is transmitted through them.