Our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by intense competition and the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry. It is necessary for us to devote continued efforts and financial resources to the development or acquisition of scientifically advanced technologies and products, and we will need to apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets. The medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change, and developments by other companies of products and/or services, processes or technologies may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. We face competition from non-medical device companies, including pharmaceutical companies, which may offer alternative therapies for disease states also amenable to treatment using our products. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services from private and governmental third-party payers is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. The healthcare industry is experiencing significant consolidation, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services, and adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high-quality medical devices that satisfy their interventional needs. We have completed multiple acquisitions over the past three years and may pursue additional acquisitions in the future, which require significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems and finance. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant management time and resources, and our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the growth of the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business and future growth. We rely on information technology systems, including technology from third-party vendors, to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our information technology systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and the increasing need to protect patient and customer information. We also grow our company through acquisitions and may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in their systems as we work to integrate the acquisitions into our information technology system. Our ability to protect our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and other sensitive data is critical, as our business increasingly relies on technology systems and infrastructure. The failure to maintain or protect our information technology systems, products and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions or other breaches, could result in the unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations.