Our operations are highly dependent on our information systems and technology, and we rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems. Cybersecurity risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs, and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The rapid development and fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact of the novel coronavirus. We have become increasingly reliant on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain information systems and technology, including cloud-based services. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. The asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to clients, investor liquidity and willingness to invest, fund terms (including fees), brand recognition, and business reputation. Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. The performance of our funds' portfolio companies would likely be negatively impacted if pressure on wages and other inputs increasingly pressure profit margins. We may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability, including by cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected. The performance of our funds' portfolio companies could be adversely affected by the inability to obtain attractive financing or refinancing and could increase the cost of such financing if it is obtained, which could lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income. The asset management business is characterized by significant reliance on technology and data management capabilities to drive operational efficiency and support business strategies. Our strategic initiatives may include, among other things, initiatives seeking to expand our and our portfolio companies' data science capabilities, which require a robust legal and compliance framework. We recognize revenue on investments in our investment funds based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment funds, and a decline in realized or unrealized gains, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our revenue and possibly cash flow, which could further increase the volatility of our quarterly results. The rapid development and fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact of the novel coronavirus. Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors depends on a number of factors, including certain factors that are outside our control. Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors depends on a number of factors, including certain factors that are outside our control. We may face significant liabilities and damage to our professional reputation as a result of litigation allegations and negative publicity. We depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our funds.