The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. We rely on information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats, from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data, are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. While various procedures and controls have been utilized to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we have implemented will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our information technology systems and networks. Such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity; however, the potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition. We collect and store sensitive information relating to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers and employees. The evolving nature of security threats makes it challenging to predict the potential impact of any future incident. Additionally, data we collect, store and process is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, which may carry significant potential penalties for noncompliance. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. Our results and ability to compete may be impacted negatively by changes in our geographic and product mix of sales. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential. The management of our information technology capabilities is critical to our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness. We have made significant investments in technology resources to enhance our operational capabilities and improve our business processes. Our IT capabilities support the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for maintaining a competitive advantage and responding to market dynamics. Our technology management practices are designed to align with our strategic goals and enhance our organizational capabilities. The effectiveness of our IT governance and the strategic allocation of technology resources are vital for achieving our operational objectives and sustaining our market position.