Our business strategy focuses on maximizing futures and options growth globally, diversifying our business and revenues, and delivering unparalleled customer efficiencies and operational excellence. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete the development of, successfully implement, and maintain the electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, capacity, security, and speed required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our technology, our people, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or our customers' information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume. We regard the secure storage and transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing, and financial losses. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations. The competitive environment to which we are subject is influenced by the efficiency and security of our settlement, clearing, and support services, depth and liquidity of our markets, diversity of product offerings, and technology capability and innovation. Our strategic initiatives are designed to adapt our trading technology and clearing services to meet the needs of our customers. We also provide optimization services that deliver transaction lifecycle management and information services to help our customers optimize their capital, mitigate their risk, and reduce operational costs. Our technology expense consists of costs related to maintenance of the hardware and software required to support our technology, including costs for network connections for our electronic platforms. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks by preventative, detective, and responsive measures. However, our security measures or those of our third-party providers may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. We cannot assure that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, human error, or other issues. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute, and monitor a large number of transactions efficiently and uninterruptedly. We will need to continue to upgrade, expand, and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. Our growth strategy also may subject us to increased legal, compliance, and regulatory obligations. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase our trading volume in our markets, which requires maintaining and expanding our product offerings, customer base, and trade execution facilities. Our electronic trading platforms must have the required functionality, performance, capacity, security, and speed to attract and retain customers, and we cannot guarantee that we will not experience client attrition during the migration of our platforms.