We rely extensively on information technology to process transactions, compile results, and manage our business. Failure or disruption of our primary and back-up systems could adversely affect our business. A failure to adequately update our existing systems and implement new systems could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations. Given the very high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical systems. Our systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes, and errors or misfeasance by our employees. If our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations. Any material interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are currently making and will continue to make investments to improve or advance critical information systems and processing capabilities. Failure to monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace could be harmful. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process should mitigate this risk. Excessive technological change could impact the effectiveness of adoption and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits. Targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the best investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. The potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. These initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. We previously identified a material weakness in our internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls and if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control in the future, this could result in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. Internal controls related to the operation of technology systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. We reported in our annual report on Form 10-K as of September 2, 2018, a material weakness in internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls in the areas of user access and program change-management over certain information technology systems that support the company's financial reporting processes. During 2019, we completed the remediation measures related to the material weakness and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 1, 2019. Completion of remediation does not provide assurance that our remediation or other controls will continue to operate properly. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process, and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements, and adversely impact our stock price. We have security measures and controls to protect personal and business information and continue to make investments to secure access to our information technology network. These measures may be undermined, however, due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, internal or external malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate business and personal information.