John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from dealers or other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of John Deere's financial services operations. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations and compromise information, exposing John Deere to liability that would cause the business and reputation to suffer. The occurrence of events such as cyber attacks or disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware could compromise networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. John Deere's ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon the ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, particularly those with requisite education, background and industry experience. Failure to attract, train and retain qualified personnel could impair John Deere's ability to execute its business strategy and adversely affect the business. John Deere's operations, including those outside of the United States, may also be affected by non-U.S. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-U.S. financial institutions and markets. The company's investment management activities could be adversely affected by changes in the equity and bond markets, which would negatively affect earnings. John Deere's financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of sales worldwide and is exposed to risks that customers will default on contractual obligations. The financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations. Changes in interest rates can reduce demand for equipment, adversely affect interest margins and limit the ability to access capital markets while increasing borrowing costs. The financial services segment may also experience residual value losses that exceed expectations caused by lower pricing for used equipment and higher than expected equipment returns at lease maturity. John Deere's global operations must comply with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act. Violations of these laws could result in criminal or civil sanctions and have an adverse effect on John Deere's reputation, business and results of operations. The company is subject to governmental laws, regulations and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection. John Deere collects personally identifiable information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities, which are subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Any inability to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns could result in additional cost and liability, damage reputation, inhibit sales, and adversely affect business. John Deere's operations, suppliers and customers are subject to increasingly rigorous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which could prevent or restrict operations, require significant expenditures to achieve compliance, and give rise to civil or criminal liability.