Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to technology developments and the need to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. We continue to invest significant resources in research and development to enhance our technology and new and existing products and services. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our current operations. We are also devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, which include infrastructure, data and analytics, and other services. The investments we are making reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. Our technical infrastructure is critical to our operations, and interruption, interference with, or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services. We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems, which are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from various threats. We are in the process of implementing a new global enterprise resource planning system designed to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, improve data management, and provide timely information to our management team. Failure to successfully design and implement the new ERP system could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We face intense competition, and our competitors may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than we can. Our business environment is rapidly evolving, and we must continue to invest in operating and capital expenditures, including significant investments in information technology infrastructure, to support the growth of our business. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue hiring talented employees and providing competitive compensation programs. We also face risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our internet-based services. We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws and our company policies regarding data security, but we do not control them or their practices. Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. We are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny, and changes in laws and regulations may negatively affect our business. Our international operations expose us to additional risks, including restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, tariffs, trade disputes, and longer payment cycles in some countries. The shift to online and the advent of the multi-device world have brought opportunities outside of the U.S., and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs. Our investments in technology and innovation remain critical to our competitive positioning and overall business strategy.