Our operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology (IT) systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers, including cloud providers. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems and maintenance of backup and protective systems. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information and the disruption of business operations. We employ information technology systems and networks to support the business and rely on them to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Disruptions to our information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, cybersecurity incidents, and other events, including disruptions at our cloud computing, server, systems and other third-party IT service providers, could interfere with our operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact our reputation. Our businesses are focused on driving profitable growth through delivering innovative products through research and development and technological excellence, and through continued enhancement of our footprint in high growth regions. We are committed to a strategy to become one of the world's leading software industrial companies. Our technology investments allow us to introduce new technology solutions in high growth businesses in broad-based, attractive industrial end markets. Each of these end markets is characterized by favorable global mega-trends including energy efficiency, infrastructure investment, urbanization and safety. We continue to focus on commercial excellence and improvements in our manufacturing and operational processes, including our integrated supply chain and Honeywell digital transformations, to drive higher sales at better margins. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. We believe our ability to drive continuous earnings growth over a long history results from consistently identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. We may not be able to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions, and divestitures may not occur as planned. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. We have developed product software designs which we believe are less susceptible to cyber-attacks, but despite these efforts, if our products and services that include IoT solutions do not work as intended or are compromised, the possible consequences include financial loss, reputational damage, exposure to legal claims or enforcement actions, theft of intellectual property, and diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations.