The company may not meet its growth and productivity objectives under its internal business transformation and global integration initiatives: on an ongoing basis, the company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes, and changes to the way the company works, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings, and investments through the company's globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, emerging business models, and ecosystems, the client demand for its products or services may decline or the company's costs may increase. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents. The company is at risk of security breaches not only of its own products, services, systems, and networks but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees, and other third parties. Cyber threats are continually evolving, making it difficult to detect and defend against certain threats and vulnerabilities that can persist over extended periods of time. Successful cybersecurity attacks or other security incidents could result in unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third-party data or systems; theft or import or export of sensitive, regulated, or confidential data including personal information and intellectual property; and business delays, service or system disruptions, or denials of service. The company's reliance on data grows, and the potential impact of regulations on the company's business, risks, and reputation will grow accordingly. The enactment and expansion of data protection and privacy laws and regulations around the globe, the lack of harmonization of such laws and regulations, and the potential regulation of new and emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence will continue to result in increased compliance costs and risks. The company's financial results may also be impacted by the structure of products and services contracts and the nature of its customers' businesses. The company depends on skilled employees and could be impacted by a shortage of critical skills. Much of the future success of the company depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of skilled employees, including technical, marketing, and staff resources. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world. Changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. If errors, malfunctions, defects, or disruptions in service are experienced by customers or in the company's operations, there could be negative consequences that could impact customers' business operations and harm the company's operating results. The company is exposed to currency and financing risks that could impact its revenue and business. The company derives a significant percentage of its revenues and costs from its affiliates operating in local currency environments, and those results are affected by changes in the relative values of non-U.S. currencies and the U.S. dollar.