We are a leading global operator of regulated exchanges, clearing houses, and listings venues, and a provider of data services for commodity, financial, fixed income, and equity markets. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers, and competitors; commodity, interest rate, and financial markets uncertainty; growing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. We have invested significant resources in our proprietary ice global network and cybersecurity protections to minimize the potential impact of a wide-scale cyber interruption, system outages, or global regulatory drive to move critical infrastructure and/or sensitive financial transactions away from the public internet. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our transaction and clearing revenues are reported on a net basis and consist of fees collected from our derivatives, fixed income, cash equities, and equity options trading and derivatives clearing. The increase in revenues includes unfavorable foreign exchange effects arising from the stronger U.S. dollar. We recorded rebates in our transaction and clearing revenues, which can be variable based on trade volume discounts used in the determination of rebates, primarily to support market liquidity and trading volume. Our data services revenues are primarily subscription-based and increased due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers, and increases in pricing of our products. Our data and listings segment represents largely subscription-based revenues from data services and listings services offered across our trading and clearing businesses and ice data services. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. Our two segments do not engage in intersegment transactions. The majority of our operating expenses do not vary directly with changes in our volume and revenues, except for certain technology and communication expenses, which may be impacted by growth in electronic contract volume, our capacity requirements, and changes in the number of telecommunications hubs and connections with customers to access our electronic platforms directly. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integrations, and other investments. Our technology and communications expenses increased due to costs related to our acquisitions and the launch of Bakkt. We have also recorded amortization expenses on intangible assets acquired as part of our acquisitions, as well as on other intangible assets, which increased due to the impairment loss on exchange registration intangible assets. We recognize income taxes under the liability method and establish valuation allowances if we believe that it is more likely than not that some or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our effective tax rates reflect changes in our pre-tax income and the changes in our effective tax rate, primarily due to the tax benefits from the acquisition of MERS and the divestiture of Trayport.