Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments may affect our future operating results. Strategic risks relate to our current and future operating model, business plans, and growth strategy, including the risks associated with our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, and our competitors may introduce superior products and services, reduce prices, or have greater technical, marketing, and other resources. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs and attract and retain talented software developers. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. Our operational risks arise from internal and external events relating to systems, processes, and people, including potential security incidents and privacy and cybersecurity concerns relating to online offerings. We host, collect, use, and retain large amounts of sensitive and personal customer and workforce data, and we use commercially available security technologies and business controls to limit access to such sensitive data. However, our technologies, systems, and networks have been subject to cyberattacks and other cybersecurity incidents that could result in unauthorized access to sensitive and personal data. We are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products, which may introduce vulnerabilities that make our offerings susceptible to cyberattacks. We rely on various third-party partners in many areas of our business to deliver our offerings and operate our business, and the failure of third parties to provide acceptable products and services may result in a disruption to our business operations. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms, and if we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various events beyond our control, and we have designed a significant portion of our software and computer systems to utilize data processing and storage capabilities provided by public cloud providers. If any public cloud service that we use is unavailable to us for any reason, our customers may not be able to access certain of our cloud products or features, which could significantly impact our operations, business, and financial results. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers.