Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. We operate in businesses that are highly dependent on information systems and technology. For example, we face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation, or settlement of transactions. Our public markets business line is highly dependent on our ability to process and evaluate, on a daily basis, transactions across markets and geographies in a time-sensitive, efficient, and accurate manner. Our and our third-party service providers' information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may not be suitable for new products and strategies, and may be subject to security risks, and the cost of maintaining such systems and technology may increase from our current level. A disaster or a disruption in technology or infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us, our vendors, or third parties with whom we conduct business, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber-security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. We are also dependent on an increasingly concentrated group of third-party vendors that we do not control for hosting solutions and technologies. Our business continuity or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems and on the systems of third parties who provide services to us. If any of these systems do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our funds, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage. Our portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage, and transmission of information, including payment and health information. A disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses. Our organic growth strategy focuses on providing resources to foster the development of new product offerings and business strategies by our investment professionals and launching successor and related products, such that our new strategies achieve a level of scale and profitability. The success of our organic growth strategy will also depend on our ability to correctly identify and create products that appeal to the limited partners of our funds and vehicles. We may also experience fluctuations in our results from quarter to quarter, including our revenue and net income, due to a number of other factors, including changes in the values of our funds' investments, changes in the amount of distributions or interest earned in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses, the degree to which we encounter competition, and general market and economic conditions.