Our operating cycle is primarily long term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules. Consequently, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. We generate sales from the delivery of products and services to our customers. The majority of our net sales are generated from long-term contracts with the U.S. government and international customers for the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. We account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. We provide our products and services under fixed-price and cost-reimbursable contracts. The initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. Profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract, which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract or may increase the variable consideration we expect to receive on the contract. Conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase or our estimates of variable consideration we expect to receive decrease. All of the estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and may affect the profit booking rate. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. The cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract. For example, cost data provided to a customer for a product would typically align to the subcomponents of that product and for services would align to the type of work being performed. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We expect to recognize approximately 39% of our backlog over the next 12 months and approximately 65% over the next 24 months as revenue, with the remainder recognized thereafter. The majority of our capital expenditures for 2019 and those planned for 2020 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure and information technology. Expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software, are significant. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. Our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve two key cash deployment initiatives in September 2019. We have continued to invest in our business, including capital expenditures, independent research and development, and selective business acquisitions and investments; returned cash to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases; and actively managed our debt levels and maturities, interest rates, and pension obligations. Our investment in technology resources is aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation. The majority of our sales are driven by pricing based on costs incurred to produce products or perform services under contracts with the U.S. government. We closely monitor compliance with and the consistent application of our critical accounting policies related to contract accounting. We are continuing to monitor our equity method investment in advanced military maintenance, repair and overhaul center LLC, which is dependent on one contract that is currently up for re-competition.