We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. Additionally, to support our strategic initiatives and the related technology investments needed to implement our strategic investments, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals. Our results of operations, financial condition or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, or if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets and such information. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving. Our systems and our service providers' systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as critical infrastructure outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, catastrophic events or cyber-attacks. In the event that our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade and expand those systems. Our efforts to provide an omni-channel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining and making ongoing improvements of our existing management information systems that support operations. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks and telecommunications failures, and as a result we may incur significant expense, data loss as well as an erosion of customer confidence. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance. We rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business. If these vendors or service providers discontinue operations or are unable to perform as expected or if we fail to manage them properly or we are unable to replace them quickly, our business could be adversely affected. Our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. We rely on a combination of trademark law, patent law, copyright law, trade secret protections and contractual arrangements to protect our proprietary rights.