The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. The industry environment has moved toward being more characterized by variability across segments and customers, accentuated by consolidation within the industry. Variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. The economic, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. We must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success, and this is an ongoing challenge due to intense competition for top talent. We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These information systems are subject to disruption, breach, or failure from various sources, including unauthorized actions by our employees or contractors, phishing schemes, and other third-party attacks. We have experienced cyber threats and incidents in the past. Although past threats and incidents have not resulted in a material adverse effect, we may incur material losses related to cyber threats or incidents in the future. If we were subject to a cyber incident, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, including loss of confidential information, errors in the output of our work, and misappropriation or theft of assets. We have implemented security procedures and virus protection software to mitigate risks to the information systems that we rely on, but those mitigation systems cannot be guaranteed to be fail-safe. The semiconductor manufacturing industry is rapidly evolving, and our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to enhance our existing products. Our investments and acquisitions may not be as successful as we expect, particularly as we seek to invest or acquire product lines and technologies that are new to us. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. We believe that technology inflections in our industry will lead to an increase in our served addressable market for our products and services. Our core technical competency is integrating hardware, process, materials, software, and process control enabling results on the wafer, and we aim to increase our strategic relevance with our customers by contributing more to their continued success.