The global payments industry is highly competitive, with substantial and intense competition that may materially and adversely affect overall business and results of operations. Our ability to compete may be affected by the outcomes of litigation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, central bank activity, and legislative activity. We rely on technology companies for the development of and access to new technologies, and our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards. The payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, which can impact our business in several ways, including the development of new technologies that may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies currently used in our programs and services. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information and technology in our computer systems and networks, as well as the systems of our third-party providers. We routinely encounter account data compromise events involving merchants and third-party payment processors that process, store, or transmit payment transaction data, which affect millions of account holders. Information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. The complexity of payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our core network. Our failure to keep pace with technological developments or otherwise bring to market products that reflect these technologies could lead to a decline in the use of our products, which could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations. We are subject to increasingly complex regulations related to privacy, data, and information security, which could result in negative impacts on our business. As we continue to develop integrated and personalized products and services to meet the needs of a changing marketplace, we may expand our information profile through the collection of additional data from additional sources and across multiple channels. This expansion could amplify the impact of these regulations on our business. Our ability to develop new technologies and reflect technological changes in our payments offerings will require resources, which may result in additional expenses. We are also subject to regulations that affect the payments industry in the many jurisdictions in which our integrated products and services are used. Our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and their ability to effectively manage or help manage our brands. The banking industry has undergone substantial consolidation, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. Our customers’ success depends on a variety of factors over which we have little or no influence, including economic conditions in global financial markets or their disintermediation by competitors or emerging technologies. We have significant contractual indemnification obligations with certain customers, and should an event occur that triggers these obligations, it could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. The risks associated with operating a real-time account-based payment network include regulatory and operational risks, and any prolonged service outage on this network could result in quickly escalating impacts, including potential intervention by regulatory bodies and significant reputational risk. As cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.