Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products, particularly for Facebook and Instagram. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. We are unable to successfully maintain or grow usage of and engagement with mobile and web applications that integrate with Facebook and our other products. Our business is highly competitive, and competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that facilitate communication and the sharing of content and information, and companies that develop and deliver consumer hardware and virtual reality products and services. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and if these systems contain errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities, or if we are unsuccessful in addressing or mitigating technical limitations in our systems, our business could be adversely affected. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising, and our advertising revenue is dependent on targeting and measurement tools that incorporate data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control. Our advertising revenue can also be adversely affected by a number of factors, including decreases in user engagement, product changes, and our inability to maintain or increase marketer demand. The substantial majority of our revenue is generated from advertising on mobile devices, and we are dependent on the interoperability of Facebook and our other products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. We anticipate that our available funds, credit facility, and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs for the foreseeable future. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant resources in growing our WhatsApp and Messenger products to support increasing usage of such products. Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing products and to create successful new products. We also expect that our privacy compliance and oversight efforts will require significant time and attention from our management and board of directors. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control.