Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including large corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Our business and the markets we serve are subject to rapid technological changes and material fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments, and make adequate capital investments. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology. We estimate that capital expenditures in 2020 for property, plant, and equipment, net of partner contributions, will be approximately $7 billion to $8 billion, focused on technology transitions and product enablement. Investments in capital expenditures may not generate expected returns or cash flows. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. Our key semiconductor memory and storage products and technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate, which has generally reduced per-unit cost. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products, which involves significant risk and uncertainties. Our competitors are working to develop new memory and storage technologies that may offer performance and/or cost advantages to existing technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. Our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications for those products. Developing and manufacturing system-level products with specifications unique to a customer increases our reliance upon that customer for purchasing our products in sufficient volume, quantity, and in a timely manner. If we fail to identify or develop products on a timely basis, or at all, that comply with our customers' specifications or achieve design wins with our customers, we may experience a significant adverse impact on our revenues and margins. Our failure to cost-effectively manufacture system-level solutions and/or firmware in a timely manner may result in reduced demand for our system-level products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities. We also manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. Breaches of our physical security and attacks on our network systems, or breaches or attacks on our customers, suppliers, or business partners who have confidential or sensitive information regarding us and our customers and suppliers, could result in significant losses and damage our reputation with customers and suppliers and may expose us to litigation if the confidential information of our customers, suppliers, or employees is compromised.