Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors with whom we contract, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. We have outsourced significant elements of our operations to third parties, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result, we are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may have access to our confidential information. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in research and development for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. Our growth potential depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payers, either through internal research and development or through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures or licensing or other arrangements with third parties. However, failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic segments, product classes, geographic markets, and/or in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. We continue to strengthen our global research and development organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in research and development to achieve a sustainable pipeline that is positioned to deliver value in the near-term and over time. The ability to launch a generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical product at or before the anticipated formation of the generic or biosimilar marketplace is important to that product's profitability. The introduction of competitive products can result in erosion of the sales of our existing products and potential sales of products in development, as well as unanticipated product obsolescence. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of our products and product candidates and also enter into joint ventures and other business development transactions. Failure by one or more of these third parties to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing or commercialization of our products and product candidates. Our strategies in emerging markets may not be successful and these countries may not continue to sustain these growth rates. The anticipated operational, financial, strategic and other benefits of the combination with Mylan may not be achieved. The integration of these businesses may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. The success of any of our strategic acquisitions will depend, in large part, on our ability to realize anticipated benefits from combining these businesses with Pfizer.