Our business relies extensively on IT/OT systems, networks, and services, including internet and intranet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and technologies, which assist in conducting our business. These systems are utilized for various functions such as shipping products to customers, marketing and selling products to consumers, and managing our banking and cash liquidity systems. We maintain an information and operational technology risk management program that is primarily supervised by information technology management and reviewed by internal cross-functional stakeholders. This program includes analyses of emerging cybersecurity threats and the company's plans and strategies to address them. Despite these efforts, we may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to which we are exposed. Numerous and evolving information security threats pose a risk to the security of our services, systems, networks, and supply chain, as well as to the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and critical business operations. We assess potential threats and vulnerabilities and make investments seeking to address them, including ongoing monitoring and updating of networks and systems, increasing specialized information security skills, and deploying employee security training. Our IT/OT databases and systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, and other cyber-attacks. The company is continually increasing its attention to these threats. If our IT/OT systems, networks, or service providers fail to function properly or cause operational outages, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive, operational, financial, and business harm. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on maintaining key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations. Disruption in our global supply chain may negatively impact our business results. Our organizational structure includes global business services that provide technology, processes, and standard data tools to enable better understanding of the business and better serve consumers and customers. We believe that our strategic choices are focused on winning with consumers, and innovation requires consumer insights and technology advancements that lead to product improvements. Our productivity improvement initiatives are critical to delivering balanced top-line growth, bottom-line growth, and value creation objectives. We are driving productivity improvement across all elements of cost, including cost of goods sold, marketing, and promotional expenses. Our ongoing productivity and cost savings plans are designed to reduce costs and better leverage scale in the areas of supply chain, research and development, marketing, and overheads. We must successfully manage the impacts of acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture activities while delivering against our business objectives. Our financial results depend on our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change. The company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and with brands that are structurally attractive and that play to our strengths.