Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our businesses. These risks include our increasing reliance on third-party systems, the development of new modes of communication, changing insurance shopping trends, our understanding of the operations and needs of significant customers, and the availability of very large volumes of data (i.e., big data) and the challenges relating to analyzing those data sets. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex computer systems to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. All of these systems are subject to cyber attacks by sophisticated third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities, and to unauthorized or illegitimate actions by employees, consultants, agents, and other persons with legitimate access to our systems. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information, including internal processes and technological defenses that are preventative or detective, and other controls designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, necessary business functions. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. Many of our critical business systems interface with and depend on third-party systems; an interruption of service from a third-party system for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions. We rely on access to various financial networks to process payments received from our customers. Our ability to participate in these networks depends on our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and with the complex rules of each network and any related industry supervisory groups. If we fail to comply with legal requirements or rules and best practices established by a network or industry group, including those related to data security, we could be assessed significant monetary fines and other penalties, including, in certain cases, the termination of our right to use the applicable network or system. Compliance with laws and regulations often results in increased costs, which can be substantial, to our insurance subsidiaries. These costs, in turn, may adversely affect our profitability or our ability or desire to grow or operate our business in the applicable jurisdictions. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, compensate, motivate, and retain talented employees, including executives, other key managers, and employees with strong technological, analytical, and other skills and know-how necessary for us to run our vehicle and property insurance businesses and assess potential expansion into new products and business areas. The realization of one or more of these risks may result in our pricing being based on inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate analyses, assumptions, or methodologies, and may cause us to estimate incorrectly future changes in the frequency or severity of claims. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by state insurance departments in all 50 states and the district of Columbia, each of which has a unique and complex set of laws and regulations.