Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal and hosted information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures, and cyber security attacks, such as computer viruses or unauthorized access. Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business. We may also incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements, or misrepresentations. While management continually reviews the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting that may occur in the future could result in misstatements or restatements of our financial statements or a decline in the price of our securities. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties. Our investments in real estate properties are subject to varying degrees of risk. While we seek to minimize these risks through geographic diversification of our portfolio, market research, and our asset management capabilities, these risks cannot be eliminated. Factors that may affect real estate values and cash flows include technological changes, such as reconfiguration of supply chains, autonomous vehicles, robotics, 3D printing, or other technologies. Our ability to rehabilitate and reposition our properties due to changes in the business and logistics needs of our customers is crucial. We may not be able to obtain financing for development projects on favorable terms or at all. We may explore development opportunities that may be abandoned and the related investment impaired. Our real estate development strategies may not be successful. The real estate development, renovation, and redevelopment business includes significant risks, including the inability to successfully integrate the operations of acquired entities in a manner that permits us to achieve the cost savings anticipated to result from these transactions. We may also experience delays (temporary or permanent) if there is public or government opposition to our activities. Our organizational capabilities are essential for maintaining relationships with customers, vendors, and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of these transactions, or could otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. We are exposed to various environmental risks, which may result in unanticipated losses that could affect our business and financial condition. The potential impacts of future climate change on our real estate properties could adversely affect our ability to lease, develop, or sell such properties or to borrow using such properties as collateral. Our ability to access debt and equity capital on favorable terms or at all depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market's perception of our growth potential, our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions, and the market price of our securities.