Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by cyber-attacks on information technology infrastructure and products and other business disruptions. Cyber-based risks, in particular, include attacks on our IT infrastructure and attacks on the IT infrastructure of third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our confidential or other proprietary information. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from potential cyber-attacks. However, given the unpredictability, nature, and scope of cyber-attacks, it is possible that potential vulnerabilities could go undetected for an extended period. We could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, or other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, information technology security systems, internal controls, and compliance systems to protect our intellectual property. Our competitive position may be adversely impacted by limitations on our ability to obtain possession of, and ownership or necessary licenses concerning, data important to the development or provision of our products or service offerings. Our business may also be affected by government contracting risks, as most of our contracts with the U.S. government are fixed price, which subjects us to the risk of reduced margins or losses if we are unable to achieve estimated costs, performance improvements, or efficiencies. The success of future acquisitions and divestitures will depend on the satisfaction of conditions precedent to, and consummation of, the pending transactions, the timing of consummation of these pending transactions, and the ability of the parties to secure any required regulatory approvals in a timely manner. We engage in acquisitions and divestitures and may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with our current operations; therefore, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions and divestitures. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier and internally produced parts and materials; and performance of suppliers and subcontractors. The product, program, and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly, and we invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products, and services. Our ability to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services and deliver the products is critical to generating an acceptable return on our investment in these contracts. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis, and we may face customer-directed cost reduction targets that could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our contracts if these targets are not achieved when required. Additionally, we may face competition from domestic and foreign manufacturers of new equipment and spare parts, and the possibility exists that our competitors or customers might develop new technologies or offerings that might cause our existing technologies and offerings to become obsolete. Cybersecurity and data privacy and protection laws and regulations are evolving and present increasing compliance challenges, which increase our costs and may affect our competitiveness.