The company relies heavily on computer systems to manage and operate its business, record and process transactions, and manage, support, and communicate with its employees, customers, suppliers, and other vendors. Computer systems are important to production planning, manufacturing, finance, company operations, and customer service, among other business-critical processes. Despite efforts to prevent disruptions to its computer systems, the systems may be affected by damage or interruption from power outages, system failures, computer viruses, and other intrusions, including ransomware and cyber attacks. Security breaches and other disruptions to the information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations, compromise information, and severely harm the business. The company collects, processes, and retains sensitive and confidential personal information about customers, employees, and suppliers, which may be vulnerable to security breaches, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism, or other similar events. The domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, data collection, and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to the business. Compliance with these requirements could result in additional costs and changes to business practices. The company continues to increase its sensitivity and attention to cyber security threats, seeking additional investments and resources to enhance the security of its facilities and systems and strengthen controls and procedures implemented to monitor and mitigate these threats. The administrative segment's SG&A increased primarily due to increased investments in information systems and increased compensation. The company has made significant investments in information systems hardware, which are integral to efficient operations. The company’s ability to generate cash, fund working capital, and make planned capital expenditures will depend on its ability to manage its information technology resources effectively. The company expects to spend more than in the previous year for capital expenditures, with a significant portion allocated for various productivity improvement and maintenance projects at existing manufacturing, distribution, and research and development facilities, as well as new or upgraded information systems hardware. The company’s operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations, compliance with which may adversely affect results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. The company’s financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow continued to be strong, with net operating cash increasing due to improved operating results. The company’s ability to generate cash flow from operations is critical for funding its IT capabilities and supporting its strategic resource allocation decisions. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of its assets and internal processes. The company’s strategic management practices focus on aligning technology capabilities with business strategies to enhance operational efficiency and support business transformation initiatives.