The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of the electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas distribution and storage facilities, and distributed generation storage technologies and the successful performance of necessary corporate functions. There are many risks that could affect these operations, including operator error, equipment or process failures, and information technology (IT) system failures. The registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated IT systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected distribution systems. The Southern Company system faces a heightened risk of cyberattack due to the critical nature of the infrastructure and increased connectivity to the internet. The registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their IT systems and confidential data or to disrupt utility operations. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years as a result of the proliferation of new technology and increased sophistication and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will prevent breaches, operational incidents, or breakdowns of IT systems and network infrastructure and cannot provide any assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of one or more key IT systems, networks, or processes could impact the ability of the registrants to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity. The Southern Company system's ability to achieve its goals depends on many external factors, including the development, deployment, and advancement of relevant energy technologies. The registrants expect to continue cost-effectively growing their renewable energy portfolio, optimizing technology advancements to modernize their transmission and distribution systems, and investing in energy efficiency. The registrants are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, and adoption patterns of technologies by the customers of the subsidiary registrants. The consumption and use of energy are linked to economic activity, which is affected over time by changes in the economy, customer behaviors, and technologies. Changes in technology could alter the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power, which could reduce revenues or increase expenses. The Southern Company system uses best available methods and experience to incorporate the effects of changes in customer behavior, state and federal programs, and technology, but the planning processes may not estimate and incorporate these effects. The registrants face ongoing threats to their assets, including critical infrastructure, where databases and systems have been subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing, and other cyberattacks. The registrants may not be able to obtain adequate natural gas, fuel supplies, and other resources required to operate their electric generating plants or serve natural gas customers. The financial condition of the registrants could be negatively impacted if they are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The registrants are continually seeking opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, which may involve risks that could have a material adverse effect on their liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition.