Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. The cyber risks the company faces range from cyber attacks common to most industries to more sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to certain information or systems. Unauthorized disclosure of this information could cause our customers to lose faith in our ability to protect their confidential information and therefore cause customers to cease doing business with us. Breaches of our or our vendors' systems and networks may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or such vendors' websites, applications or data processing, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information regarding us, our business or our customers. We devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to the enterprise and our customers, clients and employees. However, there is no assurance that all of our security measures will provide absolute security. Measures that we take to avoid or mitigate material incidents can be expensive and may be insufficient, circumvented, or become obsolete. We have not experienced a material incident to date, but any material incident could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers, regulatory actions, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. Our operations and infrastructure may malfunction or fail, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems and applications to support key product and service offerings. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. We also do not have fully redundant systems for most of our smaller office locations and low-risk systems, and our disaster recovery plan does not include restoration of non-essential services. If a disruption occurs in one of our locations or systems and our personnel in those locations or those who rely on such systems are unable to utilize other systems or communicate with or travel to other locations, such persons' ability to service and interact with our clients and customers may suffer. We utilize certain data provided by third-party data sources in a variety of ways, including large volumes of data from certain stock exchanges around the world. If the data from our suppliers has errors, is delayed, has design defects, is unavailable on acceptable terms or is not available at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have made significant investments in information technology data centers and other technology initiatives, and we cannot provide assurances that such investments will result in increased revenues. We believe we are prudent in our investment strategies and execution of our implementation plans, but there is no assurance as to the ultimate recoverability of these investments.