The rapid development of new technologies, services, and products has eliminated many traditional distinctions among communication services and brought new competitors to the markets, affecting our ability to compete effectively. Our ability to compete will depend on our network quality, capacity, coverage, pricing of products and services, quality of customer service, and development of new and enhanced products and services. We must adapt to future changes in technology and enhance our existing offerings to address changing customer demands. If we are unable to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis, we could lose customers to our competitors. The deployment of our 5G network is subject to various risks, including equipment availability and unexpected costs, which could result in significant costs or reduce anticipated benefits. Our industries are rapidly changing, and we must phase out outdated technologies and services cost-effectively to avoid reduced profits. We depend on key suppliers and vendors for equipment and services necessary for our operations, and any disruption in their ability to provide these could adversely affect our business. The costs associated with a major cyber attack could include increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures and lost revenues from business interruption. The development and maintenance of systems to prevent cyber attacks require ongoing monitoring and updating to address their increasing prevalence and sophistication. Our presence in the IoT industry increases exposure to potential costs and reputational harm in the event of cyber attacks impacting these products or services. Changes in the regulatory framework could adversely affect our business prospects, and we are subject to various privacy and data protection laws that could significantly impact our operations. We are frequently required to maintain licenses for our operations and conduct them in accordance with prescribed standards, and the loss of certain licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face significant competition that may reduce our profits, and if we cannot respond successfully to competitive challenges, we could experience reduced profits. Our ability to compete effectively will also depend on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various factors affecting our industries, including new technologies, changes in consumer preferences, and economic conditions. Adverse economic conditions could negatively affect the affordability and demand for our products and services, leading to a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We are subject to a significant amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements, impacting our financial condition. Our significant debt may increase further if we incur additional debt in the future, which could have negative consequences, including reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in market conditions. The costs of maintaining benefit plans for our employees and retirees significantly impact our profitability. We require a significant amount of capital to operate and grow our business, and adverse changes in credit markets could increase our borrowing costs and affect our access to financing.