Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs, and our online operations. We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is crucial that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches, catastrophic events, and usage errors by our associates or contractors. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. If we fail to timely integrate and update our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings or operational benefits anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. Our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, are regularly subject to cyber-attacks. Those attacks involve attempts to gain unauthorized access to our ecommerce websites or mobile commerce applications to obtain and misuse customers' or members' information. If we are unable to maintain the security of our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in transactions, reputational damage, and deterioration of our competitive position. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. As such, we are allocating more capital to ecommerce, technology, supply chain, and store remodels and less to new store and club openings. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels by each operating segment. Our failure to provide attractive, user-friendly secure digital platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices and with low cost and rapid delivery options could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of ecommerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, and have a material adverse impact on the growth of our ecommerce business globally. We are constantly updating our information technology processes and systems. Our digital platforms are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope. The success of our strategy will depend in large measure on our ability to continue building and delivering a seamless omni-channel shopping experience for our customers. Our information systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. If our systems are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data as well as suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. Any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.