We seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. Based upon our diverse range of defense, homeland security and information technology products and services, we believe that this makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long‐term effect on our business, although termination of multiple or large programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance and potential changes in funding priorities may afford new or additional opportunities for our businesses. It is critical we maintain strong customer relationships and seek to understand the priorities of their requirements in this price competitive environment. We are subject to increased competition while many of our customers are facing budget pressures, trying to do more with less by cutting costs, identifying more affordable solutions, performing certain work internally rather than hiring a contractor, and reducing product development cycles. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats, threats to our information technology infrastructure, unauthorized attempts to gain access to our company sensitive information, and denial-of-service attacks as do our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and venture partners. We have a computer incident response team which has among its responsibilities defending against such attacks and an enterprise risk management program that includes threat detection and cybersecurity mitigation plans, and our disclosure controls and procedures address cybersecurity and include elements intended to ensure that there is an analysis of potential disclosure obligations arising from security breaches. We also must rely on the safeguards put in place by our customers, suppliers and other entities that have access to our information. If we fail to manage acquisitions, divestitures, equity investments and other transactions successfully or if acquired entities or equity investments fail to perform as expected, our financial results, business and future prospects could be harmed. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly, identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. To the extent that we lose experienced personnel, it is critical that we develop other employees, hire new qualified personnel, and successfully manage the transfer of critical knowledge. Our estimates and projections may prove to be inaccurate, including assessing risks and making assumptions regarding schedule, cost, and technical performance issues, and we could be required to record material profit rate adjustments or loss reserves. We face uncertainty driven by factors such as evolving procurement policies, budget timing, continuing resolutions, sequestration risk, failure of congressional appropriations and debt ceiling debates, all of which could materially change our assumptions around program execution, resource allocation, cost recovery and our ability to maintain operational continuity.