Prologis’ 2017 Form 10-K explicitly recognizes that “turmoil in the global financial markets … has the potential to adversely affect (i) the value of our properties; (ii) the availability or the terms of financing …; (iii) our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance any outstanding debt when due; and (iv) the ability of our customers to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases,” and that such disruptions “may also adversely affect our ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders.” The company discloses that “our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks,” noting that despite “system redundancy” and a “disaster recovery plan,” its systems “are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources” including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunications failures and cyber attacks, and that “any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business,” potentially giving rise to unauthorized access, legal exposure and reputational harm. Prologis warns that “risks associated with our dependence on key personnel” may impair its performance if deep industry knowledge is lost, and that deficiencies in “internal control over financial reporting … may not prevent all errors” and could lead to future misstatements. The company highlights the threat of “volatility in currencies and currency restrictions” which “may prevent the transfer of capital and profits,” and acknowledges that “the failure to hedge effectively against foreign exchange changes or interest rate changes may adversely affect our business.” Regulatory compliance is identified as a source of uncertainty, since “noncompliance could result in … fines or the award of damages” and “may require significant unanticipated expenditures.” On liquidity, Prologis observes that “real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of investments and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions” and that “if we do not have sufficient cash available … we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity,” such as divestitures, additional debt or less favorable leasing arrangements. Geographic concentration and natural hazard exposure are disclosed, noting that a downturn in California or other key markets “could adversely affect our business,” that many properties lie “in areas known to be subject to earthquake activity” or “hurricane or flood risk,” and that the company “carries insurance” or self-insures “based on an analysis prepared by outside consultants,” with coverage evaluated annually. Under environmental risk, Prologis accepts potential liability for “removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances,” including asbestos, and warns that “rare catastrophic weather events” may increase with “climate change,” heightening its exposure. It further concedes that “insurance coverage … does not include all potential losses” and that uninsured or excess losses “could result in a significant loss of capital invested and future revenues.” Credit and capital markets risks include the possibility that “we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness” on favorable terms, that “covenants in our credit agreements could limit our flexibility,” that adverse changes in “credit ratings could negatively affect our financing activity,” and that maintaining REIT status compels the company to distribute at least 90 percent of its taxable income, potentially forcing short-term borrowing “even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable.” The 10-K also cautions that “legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect us,” that the effects of new U.S. tax legislation are “currently unclear,” and that “technical corrections or other amendments … may be forthcoming at any time or may be significantly delayed.” In its Management’s Discussion, Prologis reports that “operating fundamentals remained strong for our owned and managed portfolio,” with year-end occupancy of 97.2 percent, describes its approach to stabilizing newly developed properties once they reach 90 percent occupancy or one year of completion, and outlines a funding strategy combining operating cash flows, distributions from co-investment ventures, property contributions, dispositions and debt facilities to support ongoing development, acquisitions and operational continuity.  