item 1a.   risk factors investors should review carefully the following material risk factors and the other information contained in this report. the risks that the ameren companies face are not limited to those in this section. there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may adversely affect the results of operations, financial position, and liquidity of the ameren companies.
regulatory and legislative risks we are subject to extensive regulation of our businesses, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
we are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation. this extensive regulatory framework, some but not all of which is more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulates, among other matters, the electric and natural gas utility industries; rate and cost structure of utilities; operation of nuclear energy centers; construction and operation of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities; acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of assets and facilities; transmission reliability; and present or prospective wholesale and retail competition. in the planning and management of our operations, we must address the effects of existing and proposed laws and regulations and potential changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by federal and state legislatures, rtos, utility regulators, and taxing authorities. significant changes in the nature of the regulation of our businesses could require changes to our business planning and management of our businesses and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. failure to obtain adequate rates or regulatory approvals in a timely manner; failure to obtain necessary licenses or permits from regulatory authorities; the impact of new or modified laws, regulations, standards, interpretations, or other legal requirements; or increased compliance costs could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
the electric and natural gas rates that we are allowed to charge are determined through regulatory proceedings, which are subject to intervention and appeal and also to legislative actions, which are largely outside of our control. any events that prevent us from recovering our costs or from earning adequate returns on our investments could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
the rates that we are allowed to charge for our utility services significantly influence our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. the electric and natural gas utility industries are extensively regulated. the utility rates charged to our customers are determined by governmental entities, including the mopsc, the icc, and the ferc. many factors influence decisions by these entities, including the cost of providing service, the prudency of expenditures, the quality of service, regulatory staff knowledge and experience, customer intervention, economic conditions, public policy, as well as social and political views. decisions made by these governmental entities regarding rates are largely outside of our control. we are exposed to regulatory lag to varying degrees by jurisdiction, which, if unmitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. rate orders are also subject to appeal, which creates additional uncertainty as to the rates we will ultimately be allowed to charge for our services. from time to time, our regulators will approve trackers, riders, or other mechanisms that allow electric or natural gas rates to be adjusted without a traditional rate proceeding. these mechanisms are not permanent and could be changed or terminated.
ameren missouri's electric and natural gas utility rates and ameren illinois' natural gas utility rates are typically established in regulatory proceedings that take up to 11 months to complete. rates established in those proceedings for ameren missouri are primarily based on historical costs and revenues. natural gas rates established in those proceedings for ameren illinois may be based on historical or estimated future costs and revenues. thus, the rates that a utility is allowed to charge may not match its costs at any given time.
rates include an allowed rate of return on investments determined by the regulator. although rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that the regulator will
determine that our costs were prudently incurred or that the regulatory process will result in rates that will produce full recovery of such costs or provide for an adequate return on those investments.
in years when capital investments and operations costs rise or customer usage declines, we may not be able to earn the allowed return established by the regulator. this could result in the deferral or elimination of planned capital investments, which could reduce the rate base investments on which we earn a rate of return. additionally, increasing rates could result in regulatory and legislative actions, as well as competitive and political pressures, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
as a result of its participation in the performance-based formula ratemaking process established pursuant to the ieima, ameren illinois' return on equity for its electric distribution business is directly correlated to yields on united states treasury bonds. additionally, ameren illinois is required to achieve performance objectives, capital spending levels, and job creation targets. failure to meet these requirements could adversely affect ameren's and ameren illinois' results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
ameren illinois is participating in the performance-based formula ratemaking process established pursuant to the ieima for its electric distribution business. the icc annually reviews ameren illinois' performance-based rate filings under the ieima for reasonableness and prudency. if the icc were to conclude that ameren illinois' incurred costs were not prudently incurred, the icc would disallow recovery of such costs.
the return on equity component of the formula rate is equal to the average for the calendar year of the monthly yields of 30-year united states treasury bonds plus 580 basis points. therefore, ameren illinois' annual return on equity under the formula ratemaking process for its electric distribution business is directly correlated to yields on such bonds, which are outside of ameren illinois' control. a 50 basis point change in the average monthly yields of the 30-year united states treasury bonds would result in an estimated $6 million change in ameren's and ameren illinois' 2015 net income.
ameren illinois is also subject to performance standards. failure to achieve the standards would result in a reduction in the company's allowed return on equity calculated under the formula. the ieima provides for return on equity penalties totaling 30 basis points in 2015, 34 basis points in each year from 2016 through 2018, and 38 basis points in each year from 2019 through 2022 if the performance standards are not met.
between 2012 and 2021, ameren illinois is required to invest $625 million in capital projects incremental to its average electric delivery capital projects investments of $228 million for calendar years 2008 through 2010, in order to modernize its distribution system. ameren illinois is subject to monetary penalties if 450 additional jobs are not created in illinois during the peak program year.
unless it is extended, the ieima formula ratemaking process will expire in 2017. when the performance-based formula rate process expires, ameren illinois would be required to establish future rates through a traditional rate proceeding with the icc, which might not result in rates that produce a full or timely recovery of costs or provide for an adequate return on investments.
we are subject to various environmental laws and regulations. significant capital expenditures are required to achieve and maintain compliance with these laws and regulations. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in closure of facilities, alterations to the manner in which these facilities operate, increased operating costs, adverse impacts to our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity, or exposure to fines and liabilities.
we are subject to various environmental laws and regulations enforced by federal, state, and local authorities. from the beginning phases of siting and development to the operation of existing or new electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities and natural gas storage, transmission and distribution facilities, our activities involve compliance with diverse environmental laws and regulations. these laws and regulations address emissions; discharges to water, water usage, impacts to air, land, and water, and chemical and waste handling. complex and lengthy processes are required to obtain and renew approvals, permits, or licenses for new, existing, or modified facilities. additionally, the use and handling of various chemicals or hazardous materials require release prevention plans and emergency response procedures.
we are also subject to liability under environmental laws that address the remediation of environmental contamination of property currently or formerly owned by us or by our predecessors, as well as property contaminated by hazardous substances that we generated. such properties include mgp sites and third-party sites, such as landfills. additionally, private individuals may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us. they could allege injury from exposure to hazardous materials, could seek to compel remediation of environmental contamination, or could recover damages resulting from that contamination.
the epa is developing and implementing environmental regulations that will have a significant impact on the electric utility industry. over time, compliance with these regulations could be costly for certain companies, including ameren missouri, that operate coal-fired power plants. certain of these new and proposed regulations, if adopted, are likely to be challenged through litigation, so their ultimate implementation, as well as the timing of any such implementation, is uncertain.
ameren is also subject to risks in connection with changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws and regulations. the epa is engaged in an enforcement initiative to determine whether coal-fired power plants failed to comply with the requirements of the nsr and nsps provisions under the clean air act when the
power plants implemented modifications. in january 2011, the department of justice, on behalf of the epa, filed a complaint against ameren missouri in the united states district court for the eastern district of missouri. an outcome in this matter adverse to ameren missouri could require substantial capital expenditures and the payment of substantial penalties, neither of which can be determined at this time. such expenditures could affect unit retirement and replacement decisions.
in january 2014, the epa published proposed regulations that would set revised co2 emissions standards for new power plants. the proposed standards would establish separate emissions limits for new natural-gas-fired plants and new coal-fired plants. in june 2014, the epa proposed the clean power plan, which sets forth co2 emissions standards that would be applicable to existing power plants. the proposed clean power plan would require each state to develop plans to achieve co2 emission standards that the epa calculated for each state. the epa believes that the clean power plan would achieve a 30% reduction in the nation's existing power plant co2 emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. the proposed rule also has interim goals of aggressively reducing co2 emissions by 2020. the epa expects the proposed rule will be finalized in 2015. ameren missouri's integrated resource plan is projected to achieve the carbon emissions reductions proposed in the epa's clean power plan by 2035, rather than the epa's final target date of 2030 or its interim target dates beginning in 2020. ameren missouri continues to evaluate its potential compliance plans for the proposed clean power plan. preliminary studies suggest that if the proposed clean power plan were to be finalized in its current form, ameren missouri may need to incur new or accelerated capital expenditures and increased fuel costs in order to achieve compliance. as proposed, the clean power plan would require states, including missouri and illinois, to submit compliance plans as early as 2016. the states' compliance plans might require ameren missouri to construct natural-gas-fired combined cycle generation and renewable generation, at a currently estimated cost of approximately $2 billion by 2020, that ameren missouri believes would otherwise not be necessary to meet the energy needs of its customers. additionally, missouri's implementation of the proposed rules, if adopted, could result in the closure or alteration of the operation of some of ameren missouri's coal and natural gas-fired energy centers, which could result in increased operating costs or impairment of assets. the clean power plan may negatively impact electric system reliability for ameren missouri and ameren illinois.
ameren and ameren missouri have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance and site remediation. new or revised environmental regulations, enforcement initiatives, or legislation could result in a significant increase in capital expenditures and operating costs, decreased revenues, increased financing requirements, penalties or fines, or reduced operations of some of ameren missouri's coal-fired energy centers, which, in turn, could lead to increased liquidity needs and higher financing costs. actions required to ensure that our facilities and operations are in compliance with environmental laws and regulations could be prohibitively expensive if the costs are not recovered through rates. environmental laws could require ameren missouri to close or to alter significantly the operation of its energy centers. moreover, if ameren missouri requests recovery of these capital expenditures and costs through rates, the mopsc could deny recovery of all or a portion of these costs, prevent timely recovery, or make changes to the regulatory framework in an effort to minimize rate volatility and customer rate increases. capital expenditures and costs to comply with future legislation or regulations that are not recoverable through rates might result in ameren missouri closing coal-fired energy centers earlier than planned, which would lead to an impairment of assets and reduced revenues. we are unable to predict the ultimate impact of these matters on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
government challenges to our tax positions, as well as tax law changes and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions, could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity.
we are required to make judgments in order to estimate tax obligations. these judgments include reserves for potential adverse outcomes for tax positions that may be challenged by tax authorities. the obligations, which include income taxes and taxes other than income taxes, involve complex matters that ultimately could be litigated. we also estimate our ability to use tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards and tax credits that are recorded as deferred tax assets on our balance sheets. a disallowance of these tax benefits could have a material adverse impact on our results of operation, financial position, and liquidity.
customers', legislators' and regulators' opinions of us are affected by many factors, including system reliability, implementation of our investment plans, protection of customer information, rates, and media coverage. to the extent that customers, legislators or regulators develop a negative opinion of us, our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity could be negatively affected.
service interruptions due to failures of equipment or facilities as a result of severe or destructive weather or other causes, and the ability of ameren missouri and ameren illinois to promptly respond to such failures, can affect customer satisfaction. in addition to system reliability issues, the success of modernization efforts, such as those planned for ameren illinois' electric and natural gas delivery systems, our ability to safeguard sensitive customer information, and other actions can affect customer satisfaction. the timing and magnitude of rate increases and volatility of rates can also affect customer satisfaction. customers', legislators' and regulators' opinions of us can also be affected by media coverage, including the proliferation of social media, which may include information, whether factual or not, that damages our brand and reputation.
if customers, legislators or regulators have a negative opinion of us and our utility services, this could result in increased regulatory oversight and could impact the returns on common equity we are allowed to earn. additionally, negative opinions about us could make it more difficult for our utilities to achieve
favorable legislative or regulatory outcomes. negative opinions could also result in sales volume reductions and increased use of distributed generation. any of these consequences could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
we are subject to federal regulatory compliance and proceedings, which increase our risk of regulatory penalties and other sanctions.
the ferc can impose civil penalties of $1 million per violation per day for violation of ferc statutes, rules, and orders, including mandatory nerc reliability standards. as owners and operators of bulk power transmission systems and electric energy centers, we are subject to mandatory nerc reliability standards, including cybersecurity standards. compliance with these mandatory reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. if we were found not to be in compliance with these mandatory reliability standards or the ferc statutes, rules, and orders, we could incur substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. the ferc also conducts audits and reviews of ameren missouri's, ameren illinois', and atxi's accounting records to assess the accuracy of its formula ratemaking process and has the ability to require retroactive refunds to customers for previously billed amounts, with interest.
operational risks the construction of and capital improvements to our electric and natural gas utility infrastructure involve substantial risks. these risks include escalating costs, unsatisfactory performance by the projects when completed, the inability to complete projects as scheduled, cost disallowances by regulators, and the inability to earn an adequate return on invested capital, any of which could result in higher costs and the closure of facilities.
we expect to incur significant capital expenditures in order to make investments to improve our electric and natural gas utility infrastructure and to comply with existing environmental regulations. we estimate that we will incur up to $9.3 billion (ameren missouri - up to $3.9 billion; ameren illinois - up to $4.0 billion; atxi - up to $1.4 billion) of capital expenditures during the period from 2015 through 2019. these estimates include allowance for equity funds used during construction.
investments in ameren's rate-regulated operations are expected to be recoverable from ratepayers, but are subject to prudence reviews and, depending on the jurisdiction, regulatory lag.
our ability to complete construction projects successfully within projected estimates is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. these variables include, but are not limited to, project management expertise and escalating costs for materials, labor, and environmental compliance. delays in obtaining permits, shortages in materials and qualified labor, suppliers and contractors who do not perform as required under their contracts, changes in the scope and timing of projects, the inability to raise capital on reasonable terms, or other events beyond our control that could occur may materially affect the schedule, cost, and performance of these projects. with respect to capital expenditures for pollution control equipment, there is a risk that a power plant may not be permitted to continue to operate if pollution control equipment is not installed by prescribed deadlines or does not perform as expected. should any such pollution control equipment not be installed on time or perform as expected, ameren missouri could be subject to additional costs and to the loss of its investment in the project or facility. all of these risks could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
as of december 31, 2014, ameren missouri had capitalized $69 million of costs incurred to license additional nuclear generation at its existing callaway energy center site. if efforts are abandoned or if management concludes that it is probable the costs incurred will be disallowed in rates, a charge to earnings would be recognized in the period in which that determination was made. the nrc review of the col application to license additional nuclear generation at the callaway energy center site is currently suspended through the end of 2015.
ameren and ameren illinois may not be able to execute their electric transmission investment plans or to realize the expected return on those investments.
ameren, through atxi and ameren illinois, is allocating significant additional capital resources to electric transmission investments. this allocation of capital resources is based on the ferc's regulatory framework and a rate of return on common equity that is currently higher than that allowed by our state commissions. however, the ferc regulatory framework and rate of return is subject to change, including changes as a result of third-party complaints and challenges at the ferc. the regulatory framework may not be as favorable, or the rate of return may be lower, in the future. currently, the ferc-allowed return on common equity for miso transmission owners is 12.38%. in november 2013, a complaint case was filed with the ferc seeking a reduction in the allowed return on common equity under the miso tariff. a second complaint case was filed in february 2015. these complaint cases could negatively affect ameren illinois' and atxi's allowed return. any such reduction would also result in a refund of transmission service revenues earned since the filing of the initial complaint case in november 2013. a 50 basis point reduction in the ferc-allowed return on common equity would reduce ameren's and ameren illinois' 2015 earnings by an estimated $4 million and $2 million, respectively, based on projected rate base.
a significant portion of ameren's planned electric transmission investments consists of three separate projects to be constructed by atxi, which have been approved by miso as multi-value projects. the total investment by atxi in these three projects is expected to be more than $1.6 billion. the last of these projects is expected to be completed in 2019. a failure by atxi to complete these three projects on time and within projected cost estimates could adversely affect ameren's results
of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
the ferc has issued multiple orders, which are subject to ongoing litigation, eliminating the right of first refusal for an electric utility to construct within its service territory certain new transmission projects for which there will be regional cost sharing. if these orders are upheld by the courts, ameren might need to compete to build certain future electric transmission projects in its subsidiaries' service territories. such competition could prevent ameren from investing in future electric transmission projects to the extent desired. also, ameren may not be successful in its efforts to build transmission assets outside of its subsidiaries' service territories or miso.
our electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities are subject to operational risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
our financial performance depends on the successful operation of electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities. operation of electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities involves many risks, including:
•   facility shutdowns due to operator error or a failure of equipment or processes;
•   aging infrastructure that may require significant expenditures to operate and maintain;
•   disruptions in the delivery of fuel or lack of adequate inventories, including ultra-low-sulfur coal used for ameren missouri's compliance with environmental regulations;
•   lack of adequate water required for cooling plant operations;
•   inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements, including those relating to environmental laws;
•   disruptions in the delivery of electricity that impact our customers;
•   handling, storage, and disposition of ccr;
•   unusual or adverse weather conditions or other natural disasters, including severe storms, droughts, floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, solar flares, and electromagnetic pulses;
•   accidents that might result in injury or loss of life, extensive property damage, or environmental damage;
•   cybersecurity risks, including loss of operational control of ameren missouri's energy centers and our transmission and distribution systems and loss of data, such as utility customer data and account information through insider or outsider actions;
•   failure of other operators' facilities and the effect of that failure on our electric system and customers;
•   limitations on amounts of insurance available to cover losses that might arise in connection with operating our electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities; and
•   other unanticipated operations and maintenance expenses and liabilities.
ameren missouri's ownership and operation of a nuclear energy center creates business, financial, and waste disposal risks.
ameren missouri's ownership of the callaway energy center subjects it to the risks of nuclear generation, which include the following:
•   potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling, and disposal of radioactive materials;
•   continued uncertainty in the federal government plan to permanently store spent nuclear fuel and the risk of being required to provide for long-term storage of spent nuclear fuel at the callaway energy center;
•   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available to cover losses that might arise in connection with the callaway energy center or other united states nuclear facilities;
•   uncertainties with respect to contingencies and retrospective premium assessments relating to claims at the callaway energy center or any other united states nuclear facilities;
•   public and governmental concerns about the adequacy of security at nuclear facilities;
•   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear facilities at the end of their licensed lives;
•   limited availability of fuel supply;
•   costly and extended outages for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance and refueling; and
the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety requirements for nuclear facilities. in the event of noncompliance, the nrc has the authority to impose fines or to shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. revised safety requirements promulgated from time to time by the nrc could necessitate substantial capital expenditures at nuclear facilities such as ameren missouri's callaway energy center. in addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, it could have a material but indeterminable adverse effect on ameren's and ameren missouri's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to limit or prohibit the operation or relicensing of any domestic nuclear unit and could also cause the nrc to impose additional conditions or requirements on the industry, which could increase costs and result in additional capital expenditures. under revised standards relating to seismic risk, the nrc may require ameren missouri to further evaluate the impact of an earthquake on its callaway energy center due its proximity to a fault line, which could require the installation of additional capital equipment.
our natural gas distribution and storage activities
involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
inherent in our natural gas distribution and storage activities are a variety of hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, accidental explosions, mechanical problems and cybersecurity risks, which could cause substantial financial losses. in addition, these hazards could result in serious injury, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental impacts, and impairment of our operations, which in turn could lead us to incur substantial losses. in accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. the location of distribution lines and storage facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, business centers, industrial sites, and other public gathering places, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. a major domestic incident involving natural gas systems could lead to additional capital expenditures and increased regulation of natural gas utilities. the occurrence of any of these events could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
significant portions of our electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities and natural gas transmission and distribution facilities are aging. this aging infrastructure may require additional maintenance expenditures or may require replacement.
our aging infrastructure may pose risks to system reliability and expose us to expedited or additional unplanned capital expenditures and operating costs. all of ameren missouri's coal-fired energy centers were constructed prior to 1978, while its callaway nuclear energy center was constructed prior to 1984. the age of these energy centers increases the risks of unplanned outages, reduced generation output, and higher maintenance expense. if, at the end of its life, an energy center's cost has not been fully recovered, ameren missouri may be negatively affected if such cost is not allowed in rates by the mopsc. aging transmission and distribution facilities are more prone to failure than new facilities, which results in higher maintenance expense and the need to replace these facilities with new infrastructure. even if the system is properly maintained, its reliability may ultimately deteriorate and negatively affect our ability to serve our customers, which could result in additional oversight by our regulators. the higher maintenance costs and capital expenditures for new replacement infrastructure could cause additional rate volatility for our customers, resistance by our regulators to allow customer rate increases, and/or regulatory lag in some of our jurisdictions, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
energy conservation, energy efficiency, distributed generation, and other factors that reduce energy demand could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
requirements and incentives to reduce energy consumption have been proposed by regulatory agencies and introduced by legislatures. conservation and energy efficiency programs are designed to reduce energy demand. unless there is a regulatory mechanism ensuring recovery, a decline in usage will result in an under-recovery of fixed costs at our rate-regulated businesses. ameren missouri, even with the implementation of customer energy efficiency programs under the meeia, is exposed to declining usage losses from energy efficiency efforts not related to its specific programs as well as from distributed generation sources such as solar panels. additionally, macroeconomic factors resulting in low economic growth or contraction within our service territories could reduce energy demand.
technological advances could reduce customer electricity consumption. ameren missouri generates power at utility-scale energy centers to achieve economies of scale and to produce power at a competitive cost. some distributed generation technologies have recently become more cost-competitive. it is possible that advances in technology and legislative or regulatory actions will continue to reduce the costs of these alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of ameren missouri's energy centers. increased adoption of these technologies could decrease our revenues as customers might not use our generation, transmission, and distribution services at current levels. ameren missouri and ameren illinois might incur stranded costs, which ultimately might not be recovered through rates.
our businesses depend upon our ability to employ and retain key officers and other skilled professional and technical employees. a significant portion of our work force is nearing retirement, including many employees with specialized skills, such as maintaining and servicing our electric and natural gas infrastructure and operating our energy centers.
like other electric and natural gas utilities, our energy centers, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities, and information systems may be targets of terrorist activities, including cyber attacks, which could disrupt our ability to produce or distribute some portion of our energy products. any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant additional costs for repair, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
our industry has begun to see an increase in volume and sophistication of cybersecurity incidents from international activist organizations, countries, and individuals. a security breach of our physical assets or information systems could affect the reliability of the transmission and distribution system, disrupt electric generation, and/or subject us to financial harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including sensitive customer and employee data. if a significant breach occurred, our reputation could be adversely affected,
customer confidence could be diminished, or we could be subject to legal claims, any of which could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant additional costs for remedying the impacts of such a breach. our generation, transmission and distribution systems are part of an interconnected system. therefore, a disruption caused by a cybersecurity incident at another utility, electric generator, rto, or commodity supplier could also adversely affect our businesses. we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. in addition, regulations could require changes in our security measures and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
ameren missouri may ultimately not collect its receivable from an insurance company that provided liability coverage at the time of the breach of the upper reservoir of its taum sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric energy center, which could have a material adverse effect on ameren's and ameren missouri's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
in december 2005, there was a breach of the upper reservoir at ameren missouri's taum sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric energy center. this breach resulted in significant flooding in the local area, which damaged a state park. ameren missouri had liability insurance coverage for the taum sauk incident, subject to certain limits and deductibles. ameren's and ameren missouri's results of operations, financial position, and liquidity could be adversely affected if ameren missouri's remaining liability insurance claim of $41 million as of december 31, 2014, is not paid. the insurance claim is currently subject to litigation.
financial, economic and market risks our businesses are dependent on our ability to access the capital markets successfully. we may not have access to sufficient capital in the amounts and at the times needed.
we rely on short-term and long-term debt as significant sources of liquidity and funding for capital requirements not satisfied by our operating cash flow, as well as to refinance long-term debt. the inability to raise debt or equity capital on reasonable terms, or at all, could negatively affect our ability to maintain and to expand our businesses. events beyond our control, such as a recession or extreme volatility in the debt, equity, or credit markets, may create uncertainty that could increase our cost of capital or impair or eliminate our ability to access the debt, equity, or credit markets, including our ability to draw on bank credit facilities. any adverse change in our credit ratings could reduce access to capital and trigger additional collateral postings and prepayments. such changes could also increase the cost of borrowing and fuel, power and natural gas supply, among other things, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. certain ameren subsidiaries, such as atxi, rely on ameren for access to capital. circumstances that limit ameren's access to capital could impair its ability to provide those subsidiaries with needed capital.
ameren's holding company structure could limit its ability to pay common stock dividends and to service its debt obligations.
ameren is a holding company; therefore, its primary assets are its investments in the common stock of its subsidiaries, including ameren missouri and ameren illinois. as a result, ameren's ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the earnings of its subsidiaries and the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer funds to ameren. similarly, ameren's ability to service its debt obligations is dependent upon the earnings of operating subsidiaries and the distribution of those earnings and other payments, including payments of principal and interest under intercompany indebtedness. the payment of dividends to ameren by its subsidiaries in turn depends on their results of operations and available cash and other items affecting retained earnings. ameren's subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any dividends or make any other distributions (except for payments required pursuant to the terms of intercompany borrowing arrangements and cash payments under the tax allocation agreement) to ameren. certain financing agreements, corporate organizational documents, and certain statutory and regulatory requirements may impose restrictions on the ability of ameren missouri and ameren illinois to transfer funds to ameren in the form of cash dividends, loans, or advances.
dynegy's or its subsidiaries' failure to satisfy certain of their indemnity and other obligations to ameren in connection with the divestiture of new aer to iph could have a material adverse effect on ameren's results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
in december 2013, ameren completed the divestiture of new aer to iph. the transaction agreement between ameren and iph requires ameren, until december 2, 2015, to maintain its financial obligations in existence as of december 2, 2013, under all credit support arrangements or obligations that pertain to new aer and its subsidiaries. ameren must also provide any additional credit support that may be contractually required pursuant to any of the contracts of new aer, and its subsidiaries as of december 2, 2013. iph, new aer and its subsidiaries, and dynegy have agreed to indemnify ameren for certain losses relating to this credit support. iph's indemnification obligations are secured by certain aerg and genco assets. however, these indemnification obligations and security interests might not cover all losses that could be incurred by ameren in connection with providing this credit support. as of december 31, 2014, the balance of the marketing company note to ameren was $12 million. additionally, as of december 31, 2014, ameren provided $114 million in guarantees and $9 million in letters of credit relating to its credit support of new aer. dynegy emerged from its chapter 11 bankruptcy case in 2012. as of december 31, 2014, dynegy's credit ratings were sub-investment-grade. iph, new aer and its subsidiaries also do not have investment-grade credit ratings. dynegy, iph, new aer, or their subsidiaries might not be able to satisfy their indemnity and other obligations under the transaction agreement, marketing company's note to
ameren, or dynegy's limited guarantee to ameren, which could have a material adverse impact on ameren's results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
increasing costs associated with our defined benefit retirement and postretirement plans, health care plans, and other employee benefits could adversely affect our financial position and liquidity.
we offer defined benefit retirement and postretirement plans that cover substantially all of our employees. assumptions related to future costs, returns on investments, interest rates, timing of employee retirements, and mortality, as well as other actuarial matters, have a significant impact on our customers' rates and our plan funding requirements. ameren's total unfunded obligation under its pension and postretirement benefit plans was $710 million as of december 31, 2014. ameren expects to fund its pension plans at a level equal to the greater of the pension expense or the legally required minimum contribution. considering ameren's assumptions at december 31, 2014, its investment performance in 2014, and its pension funding policy, ameren expects to make annual contributions of $25 million to $115 million in each of the next five years, with aggregate estimated contributions of $290 million. we expect ameren missouri's and ameren illinois' portion of the future funding requirements to be 41% and 40%, respectively. these amounts are estimates. they may change with actual investment performance, changes in interest rates, changes in our assumptions, changes in government regulations, and any voluntary contributions.
in addition to the costs of our retirement plans, the costs of providing health care benefits to our employees and retirees have increased in recent years. we believe that our employee benefit costs, including costs of health care plans for our employees and former employees, will continue to rise. the increasing costs and funding requirements associated with our defined benefit retirement plans, health care plans, and other employee benefits could increase our financing needs and otherwise materially adversely affect our financial position and liquidity.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ameren, headquartered in st. louis, missouri, is a public utility holding company under puhca 2005, administered by the ferc. ameren's primary assets are its equity interests in its subsidiaries, including ameren missouri and ameren illinois. ameren's subsidiaries are separate, independent legal entities with separate businesses, assets, and liabilities. dividends on ameren's common stock and the payment of other expenses by ameren depend on distributions made to it by its subsidiaries.
below is a summary description of ameren missouri and ameren illinois. a more detailed description can be found in note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies under part ii, item 8, of this report.
•   ameren missouri operates a rate-regulated electric generation, transmission, and distribution business and a rate-regulated natural gas transmission and distribution business in missouri.
•   ameren illinois operates rate-regulated electric and natural gas transmission and distribution businesses in illinois.
ameren has various other subsidiaries responsible for activities such as the provision of shared services. ameren also has a subsidiary, atxi, that operates a ferc rate-regulated electric transmission business. atxi is developing miso-approved electric transmission projects, including the illinois rivers, spoon river, and mark twain projects. ameren is also pursuing reliability projects within ameren missouri's and ameren illinois' service territories as well as competitive electric transmission investment opportunities outside of these territories, including investments outside of miso.
unless otherwise stated, the following sections of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations exclude discontinued operations for all periods presented. see note 16 - divestiture transactions and discontinued operations under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information regarding that presentation.
the financial statements of ameren are prepared on a consolidated basis and therefore include the accounts of its majority-owned subsidiaries. ameren missouri and ameren illinois have no subsidiaries, and therefore their financial statements are not prepared on a consolidated basis. all intercompany transactions have been eliminated. all tabular dollar amounts are in millions, unless otherwise indicated.
in addition to presenting results of operations and earnings amounts in total, we present certain information in cents per share. these amounts reflect factors that directly affect ameren's earnings. we believe that this per share information helps readers to understand the impact of these factors on ameren's earnings per share. all references in this report to earnings per share are based on average diluted common shares outstanding.
overview in 2014, ameren successfully executed its strategy to invest in and to grow its utilities through investment in rate-regulated infrastructure while remaining focused on operational improvement and disciplined cost management, leading to an improved earned return on equity. during 2014, ameren continued to make progress on the three elements of its strategy: (1) to invest in and to operate its utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks; (2) to enhance regulatory frameworks and to advocate for responsible energy policies; and (3) to create and to capitalize on opportunities for investment for the benefit of its customers and shareholders. these results, along with confidence in ameren's long-term outlook, led the board of directors to increase ameren's quarterly dividend rate in october 2014.
in 2014, ameren missouri completed several key infrastructure projects, including a nuclear reactor vessel head replacement project at the callaway energy center, electrostatic precipitator upgrades at the coal-fired labadie energy center, a new substation in st. louis, and the o'fallon energy center. in july 2014, ameren missouri filed a request with the mopsc seeking approval to increase its annual revenues for electric service. the request, as amended in february 2015, seeks an annual revenue increase of approximately $190 million. in february 2015, the mopsc staff recommended an increase in annual revenues of $89 million in this proceeding. a decision by the mopsc is expected by may 2015, with new rates effective by june 2015. additionally, in december 2014, ameren missouri filed a new proposed energy efficiency plan with the mopsc under the meeia for 2016 through 2018.
ameren missouri continues to seek a modernized regulatory framework that reduces regulatory lag and supports increased investment to upgrade aging electric infrastructure and to advocate for responsible energy policies, notably in the environmental arena. in october 2014, ameren missouri filed its integrated resource plan with the mopsc which targets to achieve the co2 emissions reductions proposed in the epa's clean power plan by 2035, rather than the epa's final target date of 2030 or its interim target dates beginning in 2020. ameren missouri's plan outlined its ongoing transition to a more fuel-diverse generation portfolio over the next 20 years, which it believes maximizes the use of its current generation fleet for the benefit of its customers while leveraging energy efficiency, environmental controls, renewable energy resources, and lower cost generation to meet future needs.
ameren illinois continued to implement its electric and natural gas distribution system modernization action plan, including the installation of advanced electric and upgraded natural gas meters. in december 2014, the icc authorized an electric delivery service rate increase that was within $1 million of ameren illinois' revised request, which demonstrated that the formula ratemaking framework is working as intended. in january 2015, ameren illinois filed a request with the icc seeking
approval to increase its annual revenues for natural gas delivery service by $53 million. a decision by the icc in this proceeding is required by december 2015, with new rates expected to be effective in january 2016. also in january 2015, ameren illinois received approval for its qip rider under the csra and subsequently began including qualified investments and recording revenue under this regulatory framework. ameren illinois will start recovering costs from these investments in march 2015.
ameren illinois continues to seek enhancements to its regulatory frameworks. on this front, legislation was passed by the illinois general assembly, which is awaiting the governor's approval, that would extend the ieima's formula ratemaking framework until the end of 2019 with further extension possible through 2022. additionally, in its january 2015 natural gas delivery service rate request, ameren illinois proposed to implement a decoupling rider mechanism for residential and small nonresidential customers that would ensure that changes in sales volumes do not affect ameren illinois' annual natural gas revenues for these customers.
in addition to the ameren missouri investments discussed above, ameren invested more than $1 billion in ameren illinois electric and natural gas delivery service infrastructure and ferc-regulated electric transmission service infrastructure in 2014. ameren continues to focus on creating and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of its customers and shareholders. to that end, ameren identified needed reliability projects within ameren missouri's and ameren illinois' service territories while pursuing competitive electric transmission investment opportunities both within and outside of these service territories, including investments outside of miso, leveraging past success as an experienced transmission developer and operator. consistent with previous plans, ameren intends to allocate significant and increasing amounts of discretionary capital to ferc-regulated electric transmission service projects and ameren illinois electric and natural gas delivery service projects. ameren plans to invest $2.3 billion in ferc-regulated electric transmission projects from 2015 through 2019, with $1.3 billion invested by atxi and the remaining $1 billion by ameren illinois.
in november 2013, a customer group filed a complaint case with the ferc seeking a reduction in the 12.38% allowed base return on common equity under the miso tariff. in january 2015, the ferc scheduled the case for hearings, requiring an initial decision to be issued no later than november 30, 2015. as the original 15-month refund period ended in february 2015, another customer complaint case was filed in february 2015, seeking a reduction in the allowed base return on common equity. in the fourth quarter of 2014, ameren recorded a reserve representing its estimate of the potential refund from november 2013 through december 31, 2014.
in november 2014, we filed a request with the ferc to include an incentive adder of up to 50 basis points on the allowed base return on common equity for participation in an rto. ferc approved the request to implement the incentive adder prospectively from january 6, 2015, and to defer collection of the incentive adder until the issuance of the final order addressing the initial miso case.
earnings ameren reported net income of $586 million, or $2.40 per diluted share, for 2014, and $289 million, or $1.18 per diluted share, for 2013. net income attributable to ameren corporation from continuing operations was $587 million, or $2.40 per diluted share, for 2014, and $512 million, or $2.10 per diluted share, for 2013. ameren's earnings from continued operations increased in 2014, compared with 2013, due in part to increased electric delivery service earnings at ameren illinois and increased electric transmission earnings at ameren illinois and atxi, which included a reserve for a potential reduction in the ferc-allowed return on equity for electric transmission services. additionally, earnings from continuing operations were favorably affected by increased rates for ameren illinois' natural gas delivery service, effective january 2014, as well as decreased interest charges resulting from higher-cost debt being replaced with lower-cost debt. interest charges also declined in 2014, compared with 2013, as a result of the icc's december 2014 order allowing partial recovery of certain previously disallowed debt premium costs, which were charged to earnings in 2013. the absence in 2014 of a reduction in ameren missouri revenues resulting from a july 2013 mopsc order that required a refund to customers for the earnings associated with certain long-term partial requirements sales recognized for the period from october 1, 2009, to may 31, 2011, also positively affected earnings comparisons. ameren's earnings from continuing operations were negatively affected by increased depreciation and amortization expenses, a higher effective income tax rate, and increased other operations and maintenance expenses.
liquidity cash generated by operating activities associated with continuing operations of $1.6 billion, short-term borrowings, and available cash on hand were used to fund capital expenditures of $1.8 billion and to pay dividends to common stockholders of $390 million. at december 31, 2014, ameren, on a consolidated basis, had available liquidity, in the form of cash on hand and amounts available under existing credit agreements, of $1.4 billion.
capital spending in 2014, ameren made significant investments in its utilities. it expects that trend to continue into the future. from 2015 through 2019, ameren's cumulative capital spending is projected to range between $8.6 billion and $9.3 billion. the projected spending includes approximately $3.7 billion, $3.8 billion, and $1.3 billion for ameren missouri, ameren illinois, and atxi, respectively.
results of operations our results of operations and financial position are affected by many factors. weather, economic conditions, and the actions of key customers can significantly affect the demand for our
services. our results are also affected by seasonal fluctuations in winter heating and summer cooling demands. almost all of ameren's revenues are subject to state or federal regulation. this regulation has a material impact on the prices we charge for our services. ameren missouri principally uses coal, nuclear fuel, and natural gas for fuel in its operations. the prices for these commodities can fluctuate significantly because of the global economic and political environment, weather, supply and demand, and many other factors. we have natural gas cost recovery mechanisms for our illinois and missouri natural gas delivery service businesses, a purchased power cost recovery mechanism for ameren illinois' electric delivery service business, and a fac for ameren missouri's electric utility business. ameren illinois' electric delivery service utility business, pursuant to the ieima, conducts an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement necessary to reflect the actual costs incurred in a given year with the revenue requirement included in customer rates for that year, with recoveries from or refunds to customers made in a subsequent year. included in ameren illinois' revenue requirement reconciliation is a formula for the return on equity, which is equal to the average of the monthly yields of 30-year united states treasury bonds plus 580 basis points. therefore, ameren illinois' annual return on equity is directly correlated to yields on united states treasury bonds. ameren illinois and atxi have received ferc approval to use a company-specific, forward-looking rate formula framework in setting their transmission rates. these forward-looking rates are updated each january with forecasted information. a reconciliation during the year, which adjusts for the actual revenue requirement and actual sales volumes, is used to adjust billing rates in a subsequent year. fluctuations in interest rates and conditions in the capital and credit markets also affect our cost of borrowing and our pension and postretirement benefits costs. we employ various risk management strategies to reduce our exposure to commodity risk and other risks inherent in our business. the reliability of ameren missouri's energy centers and our transmission and distribution systems and the level of purchased power costs, operations and maintenance costs, and capital investment are key factors that we seek to optimize our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
earnings summary the following table presents a summary of ameren's earnings for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
compared with 2013, 2014 earnings per share from continuing operations were favorably affected by:
•   decreased interest expense, excluding the effects of the icc's december 2014 order discussed below, primarily due to the maturity of higher-cost debt replaced with issuances of lower-cost debt (8 cents per share);
•   the absence in 2014 of a reduction in ameren missouri revenues resulting from a july 2013 mopsc order that required a refund to customers associated with certain long-term partial requirements sales recognized from october 1, 2009, to may 31, 2011 (7 cents per share);
•   the icc's december 2014 order allowing partial recovery of certain previously disallowed debt premium costs that were charged to earnings in 2013 (7 cents per share);
•   an increase in ameren illinois' and atxi's electric transmission earnings under formula ratemaking due to additional rate base investment, partially offset by a reserve for a potential refund to customers due to a reduction in the ferc-allowed return on equity (6 cents per share). atxi's net income was $13 million (5 cents per share) and $7 million (3 cents per share) in 2014 and 2013, respectively;
•   an increase in ameren illinois' electric delivery service earnings under formula ratemaking pursuant to the ieima due to increased rate base investment (estimated at 5 cents per share);
•   higher revenues associated with ameren missouri's meeia lost revenue recovery mechanism (4 cents per share), which were partially offset by lower revenues resulting from reduced demand due to customer energy efficiency programs; and
compared with 2013, 2014 earnings per share from continuing operations were unfavorably affected by:
•   increased depreciation and amortization expenses, primarily resulting from electric distribution capital additions at ameren missouri (5 cents per share);
•   increased other operations and maintenance expenses for ameren missouri and for ameren illinois' natural gas business, primarily due to increased labor and litigation costs, offset in part by decreased costs at ameren (parent),
primarily resulting from the substantial elimination of costs previously incurred in support of the divested merchant generation business (3 cents per share).
the cents per share information presented above is based on the diluted average shares outstanding in 2013.
compared with 2012, 2013 earnings per share from continuing operations were unfavorably affected by:
•   a reduction in ameren missouri revenues resulting from a july 2013 mopsc order that required a refund to customers associated with certain long-term partial requirements sales recognized for the period from october 1, 2009, to may 31, 2011 (7 cents per share);
•   the absence in 2013 of a reduction in ameren missouri's purchased power expense and an increase in interest income, each as a result of a ferc-ordered refund received in 2012 from entergy for a power purchase agreement that expired in 2009 (7 cents per share);
•   the icc's december 2013 orders disallowing recovery of a portion of the premium paid by ameren illinois for a tender offer in august 2012 to repurchase senior secured notes (4 cents per share); and
•   increased depreciation primarily due to infrastructure additions at ameren missouri (3 cents per share).
compared with 2012, 2013 earnings per share from continuing operations were favorably affected by:
•   higher ameren missouri utility rates pursuant to an order issued by the mopsc, which became effective in january 2013, partially offset by increased regulatory asset amortization as directed by the rate order. this excludes meeia impacts, which are discussed separately below (12 cents per share);
•   higher revenues associated with ameren missouri's meeia lost revenue recovery mechanism (9 cents per share), which were partially offset by lower revenues resulting from reduced demand due to customer energy efficiency programs;
•   an increase in ameren illinois' electric delivery service earnings under formula ratemaking, favorably affected primarily by an increased rate base, a higher allowed return on equity, and lower required contributions pursuant to the ieima (estimated at 8 cents per share).
the cents per share information presented above is based on the diluted average shares outstanding in 2012.
for additional details regarding the ameren companies' results of operations, including explanations of margins, other operations and maintenance expenses, depreciation and amortization, taxes other than income taxes, other income and expenses, interest charges, income taxes, and income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, see the major headings below.
below is a table of income statement components by segment for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests - continuing operations            (3      )                (3      )                            -                           (6   )
income (taxes) benefit                                                               (242      )              (110      )                           41                         (311   )
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests - continuing operations            (3      )                (3      )                            -                           (6   )
income (taxes) benefit                                                               (252      )               (94      )                           39                         (307   )
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests - continuing operations            (3      )                (3      )                            -                           (6   )
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests - discontinued operations             -                        -                                   6                            6
margins the following table presents the favorable (unfavorable) variations by segment for electric and natural gas margins from the previous year. electric margins are defined as electric revenues less fuel and purchased power costs. natural gas margins are defined as gas revenues less gas purchased for resale. the table covers the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012. we consider electric and natural gas margins useful measures to analyze the change in profitability of our electric and natural gas operations between periods. we have included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information we provide in accordance with gaap. however, these margins may not be a presentation defined under gaap, and they may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or more useful than the gaap information we provide elsewhere in this report.
2014 versus 2013                                                                      amerenmissouri          amerenillinois      other(a)                ameren electric revenue change:
fac prudence review charge in 2013                                                         25                       -             -                      25
meeia (energy efficiency) recovery mechanisms                                              22                       -             -                      22
illinois pass-through power supply costs                                                    -                     (38      )      -                     (38    )
reserve for potential transmission refunds                                                  -                     (21      )      (4        )           (25    )
bad debt, energy efficiency programs, and environmental remediation cost riders             -                      25             -                      25
total electric revenue change                                                              $9                     $61             $11                   $81
fuel and purchased power change:
energy costs included in base rates and other                                             $18                      $-             $3                    $21
illinois pass-through power supply costs                                                    -                      38             -                      38
total fuel and purchased power change                                                     $27                     $37             $3                    $67
net change in electric margins                                                            $36                     $98             $14                  $148
natural gas revenue change:
bad debt, energy efficiency programs, and environmental remediation cost riders             -                       4             -                       4
pass-through purchased gas costs                                                           (1      )               57             -                      56
total natural gas revenue change                                                           $3                    $129             $2                   $134
gas purchased for resale change:
pass-through purchased gas costs                                                            1                     (57      )      -                     (56    )
total gas purchased for resale change                                                     $(4      )             $(85      )      $-                   $(89    )
net change in natural gas margins                                                         $(1      )              $44             $2                    $45
2013 versus 2012                                                                      amerenmissouri           amerenillinois      other(a)                 ameren electric revenue change:
fac prudence review charge                                                                (25      )                 -             -                      (25    )
meeia (energy efficiency) recovery mechanisms                                              72                        -             -                       72
illinois pass-through power supply costs                                                    -                     (316      )      -                     (316    )
bad debt, energy efficiency programs, and environmental remediation cost riders             -                      (15      )      -                      (15    )
total electric revenue change                                                            $247                    $(278      )      $6                    $(25    )
fuel and purchased power change:
energy costs included in base rates and other                                            $(88      )                $-             $2                    $(86    )
illinois pass-through power supply costs                                                    -                      316             -                      316
total fuel and purchased power change                                                   $(180      )              $325             $2                    $147
net change in electric margins                                                            $67                      $47             $8                    $122
natural gas revenue change:
pass-through purchased gas costs                                                          (12      )               (56      )      -                      (68    )
total natural gas revenue change                                                          $22                      $61             $(1       )            $82
gas purchased for resale change:
pass-through purchased gas costs                                                           12                       56             -                       68
total gas purchased for resale change                                                    $(14      )              $(40      )      $-                    $(54    )
net change in natural gas margins                                                          $8                      $21             $(1       )            $28
(a)   primarily includes amounts for atxi and intercompany eliminations.
(b)   represents the estimated variation resulting primarily from the effects of changes in cooling and heating degree-days on electric and natural gas demand compared with the prior year; this is based on temperature readings from the national oceanic and atmospheric administration weather stations at local airports in our service territories.
(c)   represents the change in the net energy costs recovered under the fac through customer rates, with corresponding offsets to fuel expense due to the amortization of a previously recorded regulatory asset.
ameren corporation ameren's electric margins increased $148 million, or 4%, in 2014 compared with 2013. ameren's natural gas margins increased $45 million, or 9%, in 2014 compared with 2013. these results were primarily driven by ameren missouri and ameren illinois results, as discussed below. ameren's electric margins also reflect the results of operations of atxi. atxi's transmission revenues increased $14 million in 2014 compared with 2013, reflecting increased rate base investment and recoverable costs under forward-looking formula ratemaking.
ameren missouri ameren missouri has a fac cost recovery mechanism that allows ameren missouri to recover, through customer rates, 95% of changes in net energy costs greater or less than the amount set in base rates without a traditional rate proceeding, subject to mopsc prudence review. net energy costs include fuel and purchased power costs, including transportation charges and revenues, net of off-system sales. ameren missouri accrues, as a regulatory asset, net energy costs that exceed the amount set in base rates (fac under-recovery). net recovery of these costs through customer rates does not affect ameren missouri electric
margins, as increases in revenue are offset by a corresponding increase in fuel expense to reduce the previously recognized fac regulatory asset.
ameren missouri's electric margins increased $36 million, or 1%, in 2014 compared with 2013. the following items had a favorable effect on ameren missouri's electric margins:
•   the absence in 2014 of a july 2013 mopsc fac prudence review order, which decreased 2013 revenues by $25 million. ameren missouri recorded a fac prudence review charge in 2013 for its estimated obligation to refund to its electric customers the earnings associated with sales recognized by ameren missouri from october 1, 2009, to may 31, 2011. see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information regarding the fac prudence review charge.
•   higher revenues associated with the meeia energy efficiency program cost recovery mechanism and lost revenue recovery mechanism ($7 million and $15 million, respectively), which increased revenues by a combined $22 million. the higher revenues were driven by greater customer participation in the second year of the meeia program, which led to higher recovery of lost revenues. the lost revenue recovery mechanism helps compensate ameren missouri for lower sales volumes from energy-efficiency-related volume reductions in current and future periods. see other operations and maintenance expenses in this section for the related offsetting increase in customer energy efficiency program costs.
•   winter temperatures in 2014 that were colder than in 2013, as heating degree-days increased 5%, which resulted in higher sales volumes and contributed to an estimated $3 million increase in margins. the change in weather margin is the sum of the effect of weather in electric revenues (+$8 million) and the effect of weather in fuel and purchased power (-$5 million) in the above table.
ameren missouri's electric margins were unfavorably affected by lower sales volumes primarily caused by the meeia programs. lower sales volumes from energy-efficiency-related volume reductions are offset by the meeia lost revenue recovery mechanism. excluding the estimated effect of abnormal weather, total retail sales volumes decreased 1%, which decreased revenues by an estimated $22 million, partially offset by a decrease in net energy costs of $6 million. the decrease in net energy costs is the sum of the change in energy costs included in base rates (+$18 million) and the change in off-system sales and transmission services revenues (-$12 million) in the above table.
ameren missouri has a cost recovery mechanism for natural gas purchased on behalf of its customers. these pass-through purchased gas costs do not affect ameren missouri's natural gas margins as they are offset by a corresponding amount in revenues.
ameren illinois ameren illinois has a cost recovery mechanism for power purchased on behalf of its customers. these pass-through power supply costs do not affect ameren illinois' electric margins, as they are offset by a corresponding amount in revenues.
ameren illinois participates in the ieima's performance-based formula ratemaking framework. the ieima provides for an annual reconciliation of the electric delivery service revenue requirement necessary to reflect the actual costs incurred in a given year with the revenue requirement included in customer rates for that year, including an allowed return on equity. see other operations and maintenance expenses in this section for additional information regarding the revenue requirement. if the current year's revenue requirement is greater than the revenue requirement reflected in that year's customer rates, an increase to electric operating revenues with an offset to a regulatory asset is recorded to reflect the expected recovery of those additional costs from customers within the next two years. if the current year's revenue requirement is less than the revenue requirement reflected in that year's customer rates, a reduction to electric operating revenues with an offset to a regulatory liability is recorded to reflect the expected refund to customers within the next two years. see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information regarding ameren illinois' revenue requirement reconciliation pursuant to the ieima.
ameren illinois' electric margins increased $98 million, or 9%, in 2014 compared with 2013. the following items had a favorable effect on ameren illinois' electric margins:
•   electric delivery service revenues that increased by an estimated $56 million, primarily caused by increased rate base and higher recoverable costs under formula ratemaking pursuant to the ieima.
•   transmission services margin that increased by $34 million, largely due to a higher transmission services revenue requirement, driven primarily by increased rate base investment. the change in transmission services margin is the sum of the change in transmission services revenues (+$35 million) and the change in transmission services expenses (-$1 million) in the above table.
•   a net increase in recovery of bad debt charge-offs, customer energy efficiency program costs, and environmental remediation costs through rate-adjustment mechanisms, which increased revenues by $25 million. see other operations and maintenance expenses in this section for the related offsetting net increase in bad debt, customer energy efficiency, and environmental remediation costs.
the following items had an unfavorable effect on ameren illinois' electric margins in 2014 compared with 2013:
•   reserves recorded for estimated refunds regarding ferc proceedings from a november 2013 complaint case seeking a reduction in the allowed base return on common equity for
the miso tariff, a june 2014 order regarding acquisition premiums, and other matters, which decreased revenues by $21 million. see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information.
ameren illinois has a cost recovery mechanism for natural gas purchased on behalf of its customers. these pass-through purchased gas costs do not affect ameren illinois' natural gas margins as they are offset by a corresponding amount in revenues.
ameren illinois' natural gas delivery service margins increased $44 million, or 11%, in 2014 compared with 2013. the following items had a favorable effect on ameren illinois' natural gas margins:
•   winter temperatures in 2014 that were colder than in 2013 as heating degree-days increased 6%, which resulted in higher sales volumes and increased margins by an estimated $4 million. the change in weather margin is the sum of the effect of weather in revenues (+$32 million) and the effect of weather in gas purchased for resale (-$28 million) in the above table.
•   increased gross receipts taxes due to higher natural gas rates and higher sales volumes as a result of colder winter temperatures in 2014, which increased revenues by $3 million. see taxes other than income taxes in this section for the related offsetting increase to gross receipts taxes.
•   a $4 million net increase in recovery of bad debt charge-offs, customer energy efficiency program costs, and environmental remediation costs through rate-adjustment mechanisms. see other operations and maintenance expenses in this section for the related offsetting net increase in bad debt, customer energy efficiency, and environmental remediation costs.
ameren corporation ameren's electric margins increased $122 million, or 4%, in 2013 compared with 2012. ameren's natural gas margins increased $28 million, or 6%, in 2013 compared with 2012. these results were primarily driven by ameren missouri and ameren illinois results, as discussed below. ameren's electric margins also reflect the results of operations of atxi. atxi's transmission revenues increased $10 million in 2013 compared with 2012, due to the inclusion of its 2013 rate base investment and recoverable costs under forward-looking formula ratemaking.
3%, in 2013 compared with 2012. the following items had a favorable effect on ameren missouri's electric margins:
•   higher electric base rates effective january 2013 as a result of the december 2012 mopsc electric rate order, which increased revenues by an estimated $178 million, partially offset by an increase in net energy costs of $78 million. the increase in net energy costs is the sum of the change in energy costs included in base rates (-$89 million) and the change in off-system sales and transmission services revenues (+$11 million) in the above table. transmission services revenues were excluded from fac until 2013 ($32 million).
•   higher revenues associated with the meeia energy efficiency program cost recovery mechanism and lost revenue recovery mechanism ($35 million and $37 million, respectively), effective january 2013, which increased revenues by a combined $72 million. the lost revenue recovery mechanism helps compensate ameren missouri for lower sales from energy-efficiency-related volume reductions in current and future periods. see other operations and maintenance expenses in this section for the related offsetting increase in energy efficiency program costs.
•   increased gross receipts taxes, due primarily to the higher base rates, which increased revenues by $12 million. see taxes other than income taxes in this section for the related offsetting increase to gross receipts taxes.
the following items had an unfavorable effect on ameren missouri's electric margins in 2013 compared with 2012:
•   summer temperatures in 2013 that were milder than the warmer-than-normal temperatures in 2012, as cooling degree-days decreased 22%, which resulted in lower sales volumes and contributed to an estimated $30 million decrease in margins. the change in weather margin is the sum of the effect of weather in electric revenues (-$29 million) and the effect of weather in fuel and purchased power (-$1 million) in the above table.
•   a reduction in revenues resulting from a july 2013 mopsc fac order. ameren missouri recorded a fac prudence review charge for its estimated obligation to refund to its electric customers the earnings associated with sales recognized by ameren missouri from october 1, 2009, to may 31, 2011, which decreased revenues by $25 million. see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information regarding the fac prudence review charge.
•   the absence in 2013 of a reduction in purchased power expense as a result of a ferc-ordered refund received in 2012 from entergy for a power purchase agreement that expired in 2009, which decreased margins by $24 million.
•   the absence in 2013 of recovery of labor and benefit costs for crews assisting with hurricane sandy power restoration in 2012, which decreased margins by $7 million and was
fully offset by a related decrease in operations and maintenance costs, with no overall effect on net income. the costs related to storm assistance were reimbursed by the utilities receiving the assistance.
ameren missouri's natural gas margins increased $8 million, or 11%, in 2013 compared with 2012. the following items had a favorable effect on ameren missouri's natural gas margins:
•   winter temperatures in 2013 that were colder than the warmer-than-normal temperatures in 2012, as heating degree-days increased 35%, which resulted in higher sales volumes and increased margins by an estimated $3 million. the change in weather margin is the sum of the effect of weather in revenues (+$29 million) and the effect of weather in gas purchased for resale (-$26 million) in the above table.
•   increased gross receipts taxes due to higher sales as a result of colder winter weather in 2013 compared with 2012, which increased revenues by $1 million. see taxes other than income taxes in this section for the related offsetting increase to gross receipts taxes.
ameren illinois ameren illinois' electric margins increased $47 million, or 5%, in 2013 compared with 2012. the following items had a favorable effect on ameren illinois' electric margins:
•   electric delivery service revenues that increased by an estimated $57 million, primarily caused by increased rate base, a higher allowed return on equity, and higher recoverable costs under formula ratemaking pursuant to the ieima.
•   transmission services revenues that increased by $25 million due to the implementation of a 2013 forward-looking rate calculation which incorporated the rate base increase in 2013, pursuant to a 2012 ferc order. in 2012, rates were based on a historical period.
the following items had an unfavorable effect on ameren illinois' electric margins in 2013 compared with 2012:
•   a decrease in recovery of bad debt charge-offs, customer energy efficiency program costs, and environmental remediation costs through rate-adjustment mechanisms, which decreased revenues by $15 million. see other operations and maintenance expenses in this section for the related offsetting decrease in bad debt, customer energy efficiency, and environmental remediation costs.
•   summer temperatures in 2013 that were milder than the warmer-than-normal temperatures in 2012, as cooling degree-days decreased 21%, which resulted in lower sales volumes and contributed to an estimated $11 million decrease in margins. the change in weather margin is the sum of the effect of weather in electric revenues (-$20 million) and the effect of weather in fuel and purchased power (+$9 million) in the above table.
•   the absence in 2013 of recovery of labor and benefit costs for crews assisting with hurricane sandy power restoration in 2012, which decreased margins by $10 million and was fully offset by a related decrease in operations and maintenance costs, with no overall effect on net income. the costs related to storm assistance were reimbursed by the utilities receiving the assistance.
ameren illinois' natural gas margins increased $21 million, or 6%, in 2013 compared with 2012. the following items had a favorable effect on ameren illinois' natural gas margins:
•   winter temperatures in 2013 that were colder than warmer-than-normal temperatures in 2012, as heating degree-days increased 29%, which resulted in higher sales volumes and increased margins by an estimated $14 million. the change in weather margin is the sum of the effect of weather in revenues (+$110 million) and the effect of weather in gas purchased for resale (-$96 million) in the above table.
•   increased gross receipts taxes due to higher sales as a result of colder winter weather in 2013 compared with 2012, which increased revenues by $7 million. see taxes other than income taxes in this section for the related offsetting increase to gross receipts taxes.
ameren illinois' natural gas margins were unfavorably affected by the absence in 2013 of recovery of labor and benefit costs for crews assisting with hurricane sandy power restoration in 2012, which decreased margins by $3 million and was fully offset by a related decrease in operations and maintenance costs, with no overall effect on net income.
ameren corporation other operations and maintenance expenses increased $74 million in 2014 compared with 2013. other operations and maintenance expenses increased $31 million at ameren missouri and increased $78 million at ameren illinois. partially offsetting the increases at ameren missouri and ameren illinois were decreased corporate expenses between years of $35 million, primarily due to the substantial elimination of business and administrative costs previously incurred in support of the divested merchant generation business.
ameren missouri other operations and maintenance expenses were $31 million higher in 2014 compared with 2013. the following items increased other operations and maintenance expenses between years:
•   labor costs that increased $17 million, primarily because of wage increases.
•   litigation and asbestos claim costs that increased $14 million due, in part, to the proceedings discussed in note 2 - rate and regulatory matters and note 15 - commitments and contingencies under part ii, item 8, of this report.
•   an $8 million increase in disposal costs for low-level radioactive nuclear waste at the callaway energy center.
•   an increase of $7 million in customer energy efficiency program costs due to the meeia requirements. these costs were offset by increased electric revenues from customer billings, with no overall effect on net income.
•   a reduction of $3 million in unrealized net mtm gains, resulting from changes in the market value of investments used to support ameren's deferred compensation plans.
the following items decreased other operations and maintenance expenses between years:
•   a $13 million reduction in energy center costs, primarily related to coal handling.
•   a decrease of $7 million in storm-related costs due to fewer major storms in 2014.
•   a reduction of $2 million in refueling and maintenance costs associated with the scheduled callaway outages. the 2014 outage costs were $36 million compared with 2013 outage costs of $38 million.
ameren illinois pursuant to the provisions of the ieima, recoverable electric delivery service costs that were incurred during the year but not recovered through riders are included in ameren illinois' revenue requirement reconciliation, which results in a corresponding adjustment to electric operating revenues, with no overall effect on net income. these recoverable electric delivery service costs include other operations and maintenance expenses, depreciation and amortization, taxes other than income taxes, interest charges, and income taxes.
other operations and maintenance expenses were $78 million higher in 2014 compared with 2013. the following items increased other operations and maintenance expenses between years:
•   an increase of $29 million in bad debt, customer energy efficiency, and environmental remediation costs. these expenses are recovered by ameren illinois' rider mechanisms through additional electric and natural gas revenues, resulting in no overall effect on net income.
•   labor costs that increased $17 million, primarily because of staff additions to meet enhanced reliability standards and customer service goals related to the ieima and wage increases.
•   an increase of $13 million in electric distribution maintenance expenditures, primarily related to increased system repair and vegetation management work.
•   asbestos claim costs that increased $8 million.
•   an increase of $7 million in information technology service expenses, partially related to the ieima implementation.
•   an increase of $6 million in natural gas maintenance expenditures, primarily related to pipeline integrity compliance.
•   an increase of $4 million in rental expense, primarily related to software from affiliated companies.
•   a reduction of $2 million in unrealized net mtm gains, resulting from changes in the market value of investments used to support ameren's deferred compensation plans.
other operations and maintenance expenses decreased between years because of a reduction in employee benefit costs of $12 million, primarily due to lower pension and postretirement expenses caused by changes in actuarial assumptions and the performance of plan assets.
ameren corporation other operations and maintenance expenses increased $106 million in 2013 compared with 2012. other operations and maintenance expenses increased $88 million at ameren missouri and increased $9 million at ameren illinois. in addition to the increases at ameren missouri and ameren illinois, corporate expenses increased $9 million between years, primarily due to business and administrative costs incurred in support of the divested merchant generation business.
ameren missouri other operations and maintenance expenses increased $88 million in 2013 compared with 2012. the following items increased other operations and maintenance expenses between years:
•   an increase of $35 million in customer energy efficiency program costs due to the meeia requirements, which became effective in rates in january 2013. these costs were offset by increased electric revenues from customer billings, with no overall effect on net income.
•   energy center maintenance costs that increased $31 million, primarily due to $38 million in costs for the scheduled 2013 callaway energy center refueling and maintenance outage. there was no outage in 2012. the 2013 increase was partially offset by a $7 million reduction in costs due to fewer major boiler outages at coal-fired energy centers.
•   employee benefit costs that increased $14 million, primarily due to higher pension expense and increased amortization of prior-year pension deferrals from the pension and postretirement benefit cost tracker, each as a result of the 2012 mopsc electric order. these costs were offset by increased electric revenues from customer billings, with no overall effect on net income.
•   an increase of $9 million in storm-related repair costs, primarily due to major storms in 2013. a portion of these costs, $7 million, were offset by electric revenues from customer billings.
reduced customer collections and higher customer rates in 2013.
other operations and maintenance expenses decreased between years because of the absence in 2013 of a $6 million charge recorded in 2012 for a canceled project.
ameren illinois other operations and maintenance expenses increased $9 million in 2013 compared with 2012. the following items increased other operations and maintenance expenses between years:
•   labor costs that increased $11 million, primarily because of staff additions to comply with the requirements of the ieima.
•   an increase of $8 million in electric distribution maintenance expenditures, primarily related to increased vegetation management work.
•   an increase of $3 million in natural gas maintenance expenditures, primarily related to pipeline integrity compliance.
the following items decreased other operations and maintenance expenses between years:
•   a decrease of $7 million in customer energy efficiency and environmental remediation costs.
ameren corporation depreciation and amortization expenses increased $39 million in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to increased expenses at ameren missouri and ameren illinois as discussed below.
ameren missouri depreciation and amortization expenses increased $19 million in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily because of electric system capital additions.
ameren illinois depreciation and amortization expenses increased $20 million in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily because of electric system capital additions.
ameren corporation depreciation and amortization expenses increased $33 million in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily because of increased expenses at ameren missouri and ameren illinois as discussed below.
ameren missouri depreciation and amortization expenses increased $14 million in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily because of a $6 million increase in depreciation expense related to electric system capital additions and a $6 million increase in amortization expense related to the december 2012 mopsc electric rate order resulting in higher amortization of pre-meeia customer energy efficiency program costs, which were reflected in electric rates effective in january 2013.
ameren illinois depreciation and amortization expenses increased $22 million in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily because of new electric depreciation rates, which increased depreciation expense by $17 million, as a result of a reduction in the useful lives of existing electric meters that are being replaced with advanced metering infrastructure pursuant to the ieima. additionally, electric system capital additions increased depreciation expense $6 million.
ameren corporation taxes other than income taxes increased $10 million in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily because of increased expenses at ameren missouri and ameren illinois as discussed below.
ameren illinois taxes other than income taxes increased $6 million because of a $3 million increase in gross receipts taxes, as a result of higher natural gas rates and higher sales volumes, and because of a $3 million increase in property taxes between years. the increased gross receipts taxes were offset by increased gross receipts tax revenues, with no overall effect on net income. see excise taxes in note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information.
ameren corporation taxes other than income taxes increased $15 million in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily because of increased expenses at ameren missouri and ameren illinois as discussed below.
ameren missouri taxes other than income taxes increased $15 million, primarily because of an increase of $13 million in gross receipts taxes as a result of increased sales. the increased gross receipts taxes were offset by increased gross receipts tax revenues, with no overall effect on net income. see excise taxes in note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information.
ameren illinois taxes other than income taxes increased $2 million, primarily because of an increase of $7 million in gross receipts taxes as a result of increased natural gas sales, partially offset by a decrease of $6 million in property taxes, primarily resulting from electric distribution tax credits received in 2013.
ameren corporation other income, net of expenses, increased $14 million in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily because of a $4 million reduction in charitable contributions at ameren (parent) due to the timing of contributions, an increase in ameren (parent) interest income from a note receivable with marketing company, and items at ameren illinois discussed below. see note 6 - other income and expenses under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information.
ameren illinois other income, net of expenses, increased $8 million, primarily because of increased income from customer-requested construction, and increased interest income on both the ieima 2013 and 2014 revenue requirement reconciliation regulatory assets. a decrease in the equity portion of allowance for funds used during construction, primarily due to increased usage of short-term debt to fund capital expenditures, reduced the favorable effect of the above items.
ameren corporation other income, net of expenses, increased $10 million in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily because of items at ameren illinois discussed below.
ameren missouri other income, net of expenses, decreased $2 million, primarily because of a decrease in interest income resulting from the absence in 2013 of a 2012 interest payment received from entergy as part of the ferc-ordered refund related to a power purchase agreement that expired in 2009, partially offset by decreased donations. see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters under part ii, item 8, of this report for more information about the entergy refund received in 2012.
ameren illinois other income, net of expenses, increased $11 million, primarily because of decreased donations resulting from the absence in 2013 of the one-time $7.5 million contribution in 2012 to the illinois science and energy innovation trust pursuant to the ieima, in connection with participation in the formula ratemaking process. additionally, interest income was higher, primarily caused by the ieima's 2013 revenue requirement reconciliation regulatory asset.
ameren corporation interest charges decreased $57 million in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily because of a $24 million reduction in interest charges at ameren (parent), as a result of the maturity of $425 million of 8.875% senior unsecured notes in may 2014, which was replaced with lower cost debt, and a decrease in interest charges associated with uncertain tax positions at ameren (parent). see note 13 - income taxes under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information regarding uncertain tax positions. additionally, interest charges were lower at ameren illinois as discussed below.
ameren missouri interest charges were comparable between years. the absence in 2014 of a 2013 reduction to interest charges associated with uncertain tax positions resulted in higher interest charges. see note 13 - income taxes under part ii, item 8, of this report for information regarding uncertain tax positions. this increase was partially offset by the effect of refinancing activities that resulted in higher-cost debt being replaced with lower-cost debt.
ameren illinois interest charges decreased $31 million. there was a reduction in interest charges associated with the regulatory liability for the 2012 ieima revenue requirement reconciliation as the refund obligation was completed throughout 2014. the 2013 and 2014 ieima revenue requirement reconciliations were both regulatory assets, which, as discussed above under other income and expenses, resulted in interest income. the favorable effect of refinancing activities that resulted in higher-cost debt being replaced with lower-cost debt also decreased interest charges. additionally, the icc issued an electric rate order in december 2014, which resulted in a partial reversal of a charge recorded in 2013 associated with a december 2013 icc electric rate order that had disallowed the recovery from customers of certain debt premium costs. see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information.
ameren corporation interest charges increased $6 million in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to a $5 million increase in interest charges associated with uncertain tax positions at ameren (parent). in addition, increases at ameren illinois more than offset decreases at ameren missouri as discussed below.
ameren missouri interest charges decreased $13 million. interest charges decreased because of changes in uncertain tax positions. additionally, the favorable effect of refinancing activities that resulted in higher cost debt being replaced with lower cost debt lowered interest charges.
ameren illinois interest charges increased $14 million, primarily due to the charge recorded in 2013 as a result of the icc's december 2013 electric rate order discussed above. also, interest charges increased because of interest applied to the regulatory liability for the 2012 revenue requirement reconciliation. partially offsetting these increases was the favorable effect of refinancing activities that resulted in higher cost debt being replaced with lower cost debt.
income taxes the following table presents effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
see note 13 - income taxes under part ii, item 8, of this report for information regarding reconciliations of effective income tax rates.
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes no material activity was recorded associated with discontinued operations in 2014. during the year ended december 31, 2013, the loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes, was primarily related to the impairment loss and related income tax effects associated with the new aer divestiture. during 2012, aer's energy centers were impaired under held and used accounting guidance. see note 16 - divestiture transactions and discontinued operations under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information.
in january 2014, medina valley completed the sale of the elgin, gibson city, and grand tower gas-fired energy centers to rockland capital for a total purchase price of $168 million. ameren did not recognize a gain from the sale to rockland capital for any value in excess of its $137.5 million carrying value for this disposal group, because any excess amount that medina valley may receive, net of taxes and other expenses, over the carrying value will ultimately be paid to genco in january 2016, pursuant to ameren's transaction agreement with iph.
in december 2013, ameren completed the divestiture of new aer to iph. ameren did not receive any cash proceeds from iph for the divestiture of new aer. ameren recorded a pretax charge to earnings related to the new aer divestiture of $201 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. in 2013, ameren adjusted the accumulated deferred income taxes on its consolidated balance sheet to reflect the excess of tax basis over financial reporting basis of its stock investment in aer. this change in basis resulted in a discontinued operations deferred tax expense of $99 million, which was partially offset by the expected tax benefits of $86 million related to the pretax loss from discontinued operations, including the loss on disposal, for the year ended december 31, 2013. the final tax basis of the aer disposal group and the related tax benefit resulting from the transaction with iph are dependent upon the resolution of tax matters under audit. it is reasonably possible in the next 12 months these tax audits will be completed. as a result, tax expense and benefits ultimately realized from the divestitures may differ materially from those recorded as of december 31, 2014, including the final resolution of ameren's uncertain tax positions.
in 2012, ameren recorded a $2.58 billion pretax noncash long-lived asset impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of aer's energy centers to their estimated fair values under the accounting guidance for held and used assets.
liquidity and capital resources our tariff-based gross margins are our principal source of cash from operating activities. a diversified retail customer mix, primarily consisting of rate-regulated residential, commercial, and industrial customers, provides us with a reasonably predictable source of cash. in addition to using cash generated from operating activities, we use available cash, credit agreement borrowings, commercial paper issuances, money pool borrowings, or, in the case of ameren missouri and ameren
illinois, other short-term borrowings from affiliates to support normal operations and temporary capital requirements. we may reduce our short-term borrowings with cash from operations or, at our discretion, with long-term borrowings, or, in the case of ameren missouri and ameren illinois, with capital contributions from ameren (parent). we expect to make significant capital expenditures over the next five years as we invest in our electric and natural gas utility infrastructure to support overall system reliability, environmental compliance, and other improvements. we intend to fund those capital expenditures with available cash on hand, cash generated from operating activities, and commercial paper and debt issuances so that we maintain an equity ratio around 50%, assuming constructive regulatory environments. we plan to implement our long-term financing plans for debt, equity, or equity-linked securities to finance our operations appropriately, to fund scheduled debt maturities, and to maintain financial strength and flexibility.
the use of cash generated from operating activities and short-term borrowings to fund capital expenditures and other long-term investments may periodically result in a working capital deficit, defined as current liabilities exceeding current assets, as was the case at december 31, 2014. the working capital deficit as of december 31, 2014, was primarily the result of increased commercial paper issuances. with the 2012 credit agreements, ameren has access to $2.1 billion of credit capacity, of which $1.4 billion was available at december 31, 2014.
the following table presents net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
net cash provided by (used in)operating activities                               net cash provided by (used in)investing activities                              net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
(a)   includes amounts for ameren registrant and nonregistrant subsidiaries and intercompany eliminations.
cash flows from operating activities
ameren corporation ameren's cash from operating activities associated with continuing operations decreased $79 million in 2014, compared with 2013. the following items contributed to the decrease:
•   an $89 million decrease in the cash associated with ameren missouri's under-recovered fac costs. deferrals and refunds exceeded recoveries in 2014 by $49 million, while recoveries exceeded deferrals in 2013 by $40 million.
•   the 2014 refunds to ameren illinois customers of $67 million as required under the provisions of the ieima for the 2012 revenue requirement reconciliation adjustment, compared with no refunds in 2013.
•   a $65 million difference in expenditures for customer energy efficiency programs compared with amounts collected from ameren missouri and ameren illinois customers.
•   a $42 million difference in purchased power commodity costs incurred compared with amounts collected from ameren illinois customers.
•   a $39 million increase in rebate payments provided for customer-installed solar generation at ameren missouri, which will be collected from customers in a future period.
•   a $38 million decrease in natural gas commodity costs collected from customers under the pgas, primarily related to ameren illinois.
•   a decrease of $26 million at ameren missouri and ameren illinois for storm restoration assistance provided to nonaffiliated utilities, primarily due to hurricane sandy in 2013.
•   a $26 million increase in payments to contractors at ameren illinois for additional reliability, maintenance, and ieima projects.
•   refunds of $24 million to customers as required by a september 2014 ferc order in ameren illinois' wholesale distribution rate case.
•   a $23 million increase in the value of natural gas held in storage at ameren illinois because of increased market prices and timing of injections and withdrawals.
•   a $22 million decrease associated with stock-based compensation awards.
•   a $21 million increase in labor costs at ameren illinois, primarily because of wage increases and staff additions to meet enhanced reliability and customer service goals related to the ieima.
•   a $21 million difference in transmission service costs incurred compared with amounts collected from customers primarily at ameren illinois.
•   a net $19 million decrease in returns of collateral posted with counterparties due to changes at ameren missouri and ameren illinois discussed below.
•   a $17 million increase in the purchase of receivables from alternative retail electric suppliers compared with amounts collected from ameren illinois customers.
•   a $16 million decrease in contributions received by ameren illinois from customers for future construction.
•   an $8 million increase in property tax payments at ameren missouri caused by higher assessed property tax values and increased property tax rates.
the following items partially offset the decrease in ameren's cash from operating activities associated with continuing operations during 2014, compared with 2013:
•   electric and natural gas margins, as discussed in results of operations excluding certain noncash items, that increased by $166 million.
•   income tax refunds of $41 million in 2014, primarily due to federal settlements for the tax years 2007 through 2011, compared with income tax payments in 2013 of $116 million. see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies under part ii, item 8, of this report for income tax payment (refund) information as it relates to continuing and discontinued operations.
•   a $76 million decrease in pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions. in addition to the ameren missouri and ameren illinois amounts discussed below, ameren's nonregistrant subsidiaries' contributions to the pension and postretirement benefit plans decreased $30 million.
•   a $74 million increase in the collection of customer receivable balances compared to the prior year driven by the timing and amount of revenues in each period.
•   a $29 million decrease in interest payments, primarily due to refinancing activity at ameren missouri and ameren (parent). see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies under part ii, item 8, of this report for interest payment information as it relates to continuing and discontinued operations.
ameren's cash from operating activities associated with discontinued operations decreased in 2014, compared with 2013. the 2013 activity related to the disposed new aer and the elgin, gibson city and grand tower energy centers. the 2014 activity related to transaction costs and tax payments associated with the elgin, gibson city and grand tower energy centers.
ameren missouri ameren missouri's cash from operating activities decreased $193 million in 2014, compared with 2013. the following items contributed to the decrease:
•   a $129 million increase in income tax payments paid to ameren (parent) pursuant to the tax allocation agreement, resulting primarily from fewer deductions for capital expenditures for tax years 2007 through 2013, which caused increased payments in 2014. the increase was partially offset by a reduction in payments due to the expected use of net operating loss carryforwards in 2014.
•   an $89 million decrease in the cash associated with ameren missouri's under-recovered fac costs. deferrals and refunds exceeded recoveries in 2014 by $49 million, while recoveries exceeded deferrals in 2013 by $40 million.
•   a $39 million increase in rebate payments provided for customer-installed solar generation, which will be collected from customers in a future period.
•   a $28 million difference in expenditures for customer energy efficiency programs compared with amounts collected from customers.
•   an $11 million decrease in natural gas commodity costs collected from customers under the pga.
•   a decrease of $10 million for storm restoration assistance provided to nonaffiliated utilities, primarily due to hurricane sandy in 2013.
•   an $8 million increase in property tax payments caused by higher assessed property tax values and increased property tax rates.
the following items partially offset the decrease in ameren missouri's cash from operating activities during 2014, compared with 2013:
•   a $76 million increase in the collection of customer receivable balances compared to the prior year driven by the timing and amount of revenues in each period.
•   a $26 million decrease in pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions.
•   electric and natural gas margins, as discussed in results of operations excluding certain noncash items, that increased by $20 million.
•   a net $10 million increase in returns of collateral posted with counterparties primarily resulting from changes in the market prices of power and natural gas and in contracted commodity volumes.
•   a $9 million decrease in interest payments, primarily due to refinancing activity.
ameren illinois ameren illinois' cash from operating activities decreased $206 million in 2014, compared with 2013. the following items contributed to the decrease:
•   the 2014 refunds to customers of $67 million as required under the provisions of the ieima for the 2012 revenue
requirement reconciliation adjustment, compared with no refunds in 2013.
•   a $42 million difference in purchased power commodity costs incurred compared with amounts collected from customers.
•   a $37 million difference in expenditures for customer energy efficiency programs compared with amounts collected from customers.
•   a net $29 million decrease in returns of collateral posted with counterparties, primarily resulting from changes in the market prices of power and natural gas and in contracted commodity volumes.
•   a $27 million decrease in natural gas commodity costs collected from customers under the pga.
•   a $26 million increase in payments to contractors for additional reliability, maintenance, and ieima projects.
•   refunds to customers of $24 million as required by a september 2014 ferc order in the wholesale distribution rate case.
•   a $23 million increase in the value of natural gas held in storage because of increased market prices and the timing of injections and withdrawals.
•   a $21 million increase in labor costs, primarily because of wage increases and staff additions to meet enhanced reliability and customer service goals related to the ieima.
•   a $20 million difference in transmission service costs incurred compared with amounts collected from customers.
•   a $17 million increase in the purchase of receivables from alternative retail electric suppliers compared with amounts collected from customers.
•   a $16 million decrease in contributions received from customers for future construction.
•   the absence of $16 million received in 2013 for storm restoration assistance provided to nonaffiliated utilities, primarily due to hurricane sandy.
the following items partially offset the decrease in ameren illinois' cash from operating activities during 2014, compared with 2013:
•   electric and natural gas margins, as discussed in results of operations excluding certain noncash items, that increased by $126 million.
•   a $21 million increase in income tax refunds from ameren (parent) pursuant to the tax allocation agreement, resulting primarily from the expected use of net operating loss carryforwards in 2014.
•   a $20 million decrease in pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions.
ameren corporation ameren's cash from operating activities associated with continuing operations increased $232 million in 2013, compared with 2012. the following items contributed to the increase:
•   the absence in 2013 of $138 million in premiums paid to debt holders in 2012 in connection with the repurchase of the tendered principal of multiple series of ameren missouri and ameren illinois senior secured notes.
•   a $115 million increase in the cash associated with ameren missouri's under-recovered fac costs. recoveries outpaced deferrals in 2013 by $41 million, while deferrals and refunds outpaced recoveries in 2012 by $74 million.
•   electric and natural gas margins, as discussed in results of operations excluding certain noncash items, that increased by $109 million.
•   a $94 million increase due to changes in ameren missouri coal inventory levels. in 2013, coal inventory levels decreased by $62 million because of delivery disruptions due to flooding, while in 2012, coal inventory levels increased by $32 million, primarily because additional tons were held in inventory when generation levels were lower than expected due to market conditions.
•   a $22 million decrease in interest payments, primarily due to 2012 refinancing activity and timing of payments on ameren missouri and ameren illinois senior secured notes.
•   the receipt of $16 million in 2013 for storm restoration assistance provided to nonaffiliated utilities in 2012 at ameren illinois.
•   a one-time $7.5 million contribution, in 2012, by ameren illinois to the illinois science and energy innovation trust, as required by the ieima, which was not repeated in 2013.
the following items partially offset the increase in ameren's cash from operating activities associated with continuing operations during 2013, compared with 2012:
•   a $106 million increase in income tax payments for continuing operations. as discussed below, income tax payments at ameren missouri increased $89 million, while income tax refunds at ameren illinois increased $1 million. considering both ameren's continuing and discontinued operations, ameren made immaterial federal income tax payments in 2013.
•   a $91 million decrease in the collection of customer receivable balances compared with the prior year, driven by the timing and amount of revenues in each period.
•   a $27 million increase in payments for the 2013 scheduled nuclear refueling and maintenance outage at the callaway energy center. there was no refueling and maintenance outage in 2012.
•   the absence in 2013 of court registry receipts and payments. in 2012, ameren missouri received $19 million from the circuit court of stoddard county's registry and the circuit court of cole county's registry, net of
•   a $12 million increase in major storm restoration costs.
•   an $11 million increase in labor costs primarily related to increased staffing levels associated with ieima at ameren illinois.
•   an $8 million increase in pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions, primarily caused by an increase in funding requirements in 2013 compared with 2012, partially offset by an additional postretirement contribution in 2012 at ameren illinois. in addition to the ameren missouri and ameren illinois amounts discussed below, ameren's nonregistrant subsidiaries increased their contributions to the pension and postretirement benefit plans by $19 million.
ameren's cash from operating activities associated with discontinued operations decreased in 2013, compared with 2012, primarily because of a $277 million decrease in electric margins, excluding impacts of noncash unrealized mtm activity. the decrease was partially offset by a $99 million increase in income tax refunds in 2013 due to a reduction in pretax book income partially offset by a reduction in accelerated depreciation deductions. ameren's discontinued operations entities received these income tax refunds through the tax allocation agreement with ameren's continuing operations entities.
ameren missouri ameren missouri's cash from operating activities increased $139 million in 2013, compared with 2012. the following items contributed to the increase:
•   a $115 million increase in the cash associated with under-recovered fac costs. recoveries exceeded deferrals in 2013 by $41 million, while deferrals and refunds exceeded recoveries in 2012 by $74 million.
•   a $94 million increase due to changes in coal inventory levels. in 2013, coal inventory levels decreased by $62 million because of delivery disruptions due to flooding, while in 2012, coal inventory levels increased by $32 million, primarily because additional tons were held in inventory when generation levels were lower than expected due to market conditions.
•   electric and natural gas margins, as discussed in results of operations excluding certain noncash items, that increased by $91 million.
•   the absence in 2013 of $62 million in premiums paid to debt holders in 2012 in connection with the repurchase of the tendered principal of multiple series of senior secured notes.
•   an $8 million decrease in interest payments, primarily due to 2012 refinancing activity and timing of payments on senior secured notes.
the following items partially offset the increase in ameren missouri's cash from operating activities during 2013, compared with 2012:
•   income tax payments that totaled $86 million in 2013, resulting primarily from a reduction in accelerated depreciation deductions, while income tax refunds were $3 million in 2012. payments and refunds were made between ameren missouri and ameren (parent) pursuant to the tax allocation agreement.
•   a $60 million decrease in the collection of customer receivable balances compared with the prior year, driven by the timing and amount of revenues in each period.
•   a $27 million increase in payments for scheduled nuclear refueling and maintenance outages at the callaway energy center. there was no refueling and maintenance outage in 2012.
•   the absence in 2013 of court registry receipts and payments. in 2012, ameren missouri received $19 million from the circuit court of stoddard county's registry and the circuit court of cole county's registry, net of payments into those registries, as a result of a missouri court of appeals ruling upholding the mopsc's january 2009 electric rate order.
•   a $9 million increase in pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions primarily caused by an increase in funding requirements in 2013 compared with 2012.
•   an $8 million increase in major storm restoration costs.
ameren illinois ameren illinois' cash from operating activities increased $132 million in 2013, compared with 2012. the following items contributed to the increase:
•   the absence in 2013 of $76 million in premiums paid to debt holders in 2012 in connection with the repurchase of the tendered principal of multiple series of senior secured notes.
•   a $20 million decrease in pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions, primarily caused by an additional postretirement contribution in 2012.
•   the receipt of $16 million in 2013 for storm restoration assistance provided to nonaffiliated utilities in 2012.
•   a $13 million decrease in interest payments, primarily due to 2012 refinancing activity and timing of payments on senior secured notes.
•   electric and natural gas margins, as discussed in results of operations excluding certain noncash items, that increased by $11 million.
•   a one-time $7.5 million contribution, in 2012, to the illinois science and energy innovation trust as required by the ieima.
•   a $7 million decrease in property tax payments due to two electricity distribution tax credit refunds received in 2013.
the following items partially offset the increase in ameren illinois' cash from operating activities during 2013, compared with 2012:
•   a $29 million decrease in the collection of customer receivable balances compared with the prior year, driven by the timing and amount of revenues in each period.
•   an $11 million increase in labor costs primarily related to increased staffing levels associated with ieima.
pension plans ameren's pension plans are funded in compliance with income tax regulations and federal funding or regulatory requirements. as a result, ameren expects to fund its pension plans at a level equal to the greater of the pension expense or the legally required minimum contribution. considering ameren's assumptions at december 31, 2014, its investment performance in 2014, and its pension funding policy, ameren expects to make annual contributions of $25 million to $115 million in each of the next five years, with aggregate estimated contributions of $290 million. we expect ameren missouri's and ameren illinois' portions of the future funding requirements to be 41% and 40%, respectively. these amounts are estimates. the estimates may change with actual investment performance, changes in interest rates, changes in our assumptions, changes in government regulations, or any voluntary contributions. in 2014, ameren contributed $99 million to its pension plans. see note 11 - retirement benefits under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information.
cash flows from investing activities
ameren's cash used in investing activities associated with continuing operations increased by $416 million during 2014, compared with 2013. capital expenditures increased $406 million, primarily because of increased transmission expenditures, which included a $150 million increase for atxi's illinois rivers project. in addition, capital expenditures for energy center, reliability and ieima projects increased cash used in investing activities and are discussed below.
during 2014, cash provided by investing activities associated with ameren's discontinued operations consisted of $152 million received from rockland capital for the sale of the elgin, gibson city, and grand tower gas-fired energy centers in january 2014, offset by payment of $13 million to iph for the final working capital adjustment and a portion of certain contingent liabilities associated with the new aer divestiture. in comparison, cash used in investing activities associated with discontinued operations during 2013 was $283 million, primarily because of the requirement to leave $235 million with new aer upon divestiture, pursuant to the transaction agreement with iph.
ameren missouri's cash used in investing activities increased by $150 million during 2014, compared with 2013. capital expenditures increased $99 million, primarily for reliability and energy center projects, including the nuclear reactor vessel head replacement project at its callaway energy center, the electrostatic precipitator upgrades at the labadie energy center, a new substation in st. louis, and investment in the o'fallon energy center, offset by a reduction in storm restoration expenditures. nuclear fuel expenditures increased by $29 million due to timing of purchases in 2014 compared to 2013. in addition, cash used in investing activities increased in 2014 because of the absence in 2014 of $24 million in net receipts related to money pool advances received in 2013.
ameren illinois' cash used in investing activities increased by $133 million during 2014, compared with 2013, because of increased capital expenditures, primarily for transmission, reliability, and ieima projects.
ameren's cash used in investing activities associated with continuing operations increased by $287 million during 2013, compared with 2012. capital expenditures increased $316 million, primarily because of increased expenditures for transmission in illinois, reliability projects, and storm restoration costs. the increase in cash flows used in investing activities was partially offset by a $46 million decrease in nuclear fuel expenditures due to timing of purchases.
cash used in investing activities associated with ameren's discontinued operations increased $126 million during 2013, compared with 2012, primarily because of the requirement to leave $235 million with new aer upon divestiture, pursuant to the transaction agreement with iph. this use of cash was partially offset by reduced capital expenditures in 2013 as a result of the deceleration of the scrubber construction project at the previously-owned newton energy center.
ameren missouri's cash used in investing activities decreased $16 million during 2013, compared with 2012, primarily due to changes in money pool advances and a $46 million decrease in nuclear fuel expenditures due to timing of purchases. the decrease in cash used in investing activities was partially offset by increased capital expenditures and the absence in 2013 of a 2012 receipt of $18 million for federal tax grants related to renewable energy construction projects. capital expenditures increased $53 million, primarily because of increased expenditures for reliability projects and an increase in storm restoration costs.
ameren illinois' cash used in investing activities increased $258 million during 2013, compared with 2012. capital expenditures increased $259 million, primarily because of increased expenditures of $164 million for transmission and reliability projects, $18 million for storm restoration costs, and $12 million for ieima projects.
capital expenditures the following table presents the capital expenditures by the
ameren companies for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
(a)   includes amounts for ameren registrant and nonregistrant subsidiaries and the elimination of intercompany transfers.
ameren's 2014 capital expenditures consisted primarily of the following expenditures by its subsidiaries. ameren missouri spent $101 million for electrostatic precipitator upgrades at its labadie energy center, $33 million for the replacement of the nuclear reactor vessel head at its callaway energy center, and $16 million for the construction of the o'fallon energy center. ameren illinois spent $284 million on transmission initiatives and $89 million on ieima projects. atxi spent $201 million on the illinois rivers project. other capital expenditures were made principally to maintain, upgrade, and improve the reliability of the transmission and distribution systems of ameren missouri and ameren illinois as well as to fund various ameren missouri energy center upgrades.
ameren's 2013 capital expenditures consisted primarily of the following expenditures by its subsidiaries. ameren missouri spent $53 million for electrostatic precipitator upgrades at the labadie energy center, $30 million on storm restoration, and $29 million on the replacement of the nuclear reactor vessel head at its callaway energy center which was installed during the 2014 refueling and maintenance outage. ameren illinois spent $269 million on transmission initiatives, $33 million on ieima projects, and $23 million on storm restoration. atxi spent $51 million on the illinois rivers project. other capital expenditures were made principally to maintain, upgrade, and improve the reliability of the transmission and distribution systems of ameren missouri and ameren illinois as well as to fund various ameren missouri energy center upgrades.
ameren's 2012 capital expenditures consisted primarily of the following expenditures by its subsidiaries. ameren missouri spent $30 million on the replacement of the nuclear reactor vessel head at its callaway energy center which was installed during the 2014 refueling and maintenance outage, and $23 million on a boiler upgrade project. ameren illinois spent $27 million on ieima projects. other capital expenditures were made principally to maintain, upgrade, and improve the reliability of the transmission and distribution systems of ameren missouri and ameren illinois as well as to fund various ameren missouri energy center upgrades.
the following table presents ameren's estimate of capital expenditures that will be incurred from 2015 through 2019, including construction expenditures, allowance for funds used during construction, and expenditures for compliance with existing environmental regulations. ameren expects to allocate more of its discretionary capital expenditures to ameren illinois and atxi based on the more constructive regulatory frameworks within which they operate.
ameren missouri's estimated capital expenditures include transmission, distribution, and generation-related investments, as well as expenditures for compliance with environmental regulations. ameren illinois' estimated capital expenditures are primarily for electric and natural gas transmission and distribution-related investments, capital expenditures incremental to historical average electric delivery capital expenditures to modernize its distribution system pursuant to the ieima, and capital expenditures for qualified investments in natural gas infrastructure under the qip rider. atxi's estimated capital expenditures include expenditures for the three miso-approved multi-value transmission projects. for additional information regarding the ieima capital expenditure requirements, the qip rider, and atxi's transmission projects, see business under part i, item 1, of this report.
ameren missouri continually reviews its generation portfolio and expected power needs. as a result, ameren missouri could modify its plan for generation capacity, the type of generation asset technology that will be employed, and whether capacity or power may be purchased, among other changes. additionally, we continually review the reliability of our transmission and distribution systems, expected capacity needs, and opportunities for transmission investments. the timing and amount of investments could vary because of changes in expected capacity, the condition of transmission and distribution systems, and our ability and willingness to pursue transmission investments, among other factors. any changes in future generation, transmission, or distribution needs could result in significant capital expenditures or losses, which could be material. compliance with environmental regulations could also have significant impacts on the level of capital expenditures.
environmental capital expenditures ameren missouri will incur significant costs in future years to comply with federal and state regulations including those requiring the reduction of so2, nox, and mercury emissions from its coal-fired energy centers. see note 15 - commitments and contingencies under part ii, item 8, of this report for a discussion of existing environmental laws and regulations that affect, or may affect, our facilities and capital expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations.
cash flows from financing activities
ameren's financing activities associated with continuing operations provided net cash of $141 million in 2014, compared with 2013 when ameren used cash of $149 million. during 2014, ameren and its registrant subsidiaries issued lower-cost long-term and short-term debt to fund the maturities and redemptions
of higher-cost long-term debt, including the maturity of ameren (parent)'s $425 million senior unsecured notes. in 2014, ameren also used cash from financing activities to fund investing activities that were not funded by cash generated from operating activities. in comparison, during 2013, ameren and its registrant subsidiaries issued lower-cost long-term and short-term debt to fund the maturities and redemptions of higher-cost long-debt and to fund the $235 million that ameren was required to leave with new aer upon its divestiture in december 2013, pursuant to the transaction agreement with iph. in 2013, ameren used cash on hand to fund investing and financing activities that were not funded by cash generated from operating activities.
no cash from financing activities was used for discontinued operations during 2014.
ameren missouri's financing activities used net cash of $113 million in 2014, compared with $603 million in 2013. during 2014, ameren missouri issued $350 million of senior secured notes and a net $97 million of short-term debt, repaid at maturity $104 million of long-term debt, repaid $105 million to the money pool, and paid common stock dividends of $340 million. ameren missouri used cash generated from its operating activities to fund investing and financing activities in 2014. in comparison, during 2013, ameren missouri redeemed $244 million of long-term debt, paid common stock dividends of $460 million, and received $105 million from the money pool. in 2013, ameren missouri used cash on hand to fund investing and financing activities that were not funded by cash generated from operating activities.
ameren illinois' financing activities provided net cash of $383 million in 2014, compared with $45 million in 2013. during 2014, ameren illinois issued $550 million in senior secured notes and a net $32 million of short-term debt, redeemed existing long-term debt of $163 million, and repaid $41 million to the money pool. in comparison, during 2013, ameren illinois issued $280 million in senior secured debt, repaid at maturity $150 million of long-term debt, and paid common stock dividends of $110 million. during both years, ameren illinois used cash from financing activities to fund investing activities that were not funded by cash generated from operating activities.
ameren used net cash of $149 million in 2013, compared with $426 million in 2012 related to financing activities associated with continuing operations. during 2013, ameren and its registrant subsidiaries issued lower-cost long-term and short-term debt to fund the maturities and redemptions of higher-cost long-term debt and to fund the $235 million that ameren was required to leave with new aer upon its divestiture in december 2013, pursuant to the transaction agreement with iph. during 2012, ameren and its registrant subsidiaries issued lower-cost long-term debt to fund the maturities and redemptions of higher-cost long-term debt and repay short-term debt. during both years, ameren used cash on hand to fund investing and financing activities that were not funded by cash generated from operating activities.
no cash from financing activities was used for discontinued operations during 2013.
ameren missouri's financing activities used net cash of $603 million in 2013, compared with $354 million in 2012. during 2013, ameren missouri redeemed $244 million of long-term debt, paid common stock dividends of $460 million, and received $105 million from the money pool. in comparison, during 2012, ameren missouri issued $485 million of senior secured notes, redeemed or repaid of $422 million of long-term debt, and paid common stock dividends of $400 million. during both years, ameren missouri used cash on hand to fund investing and financing activities that were not funded by cash generated from operating activities.
ameren illinois' financing activities provided net cash of $45 million in 2013, compared with 2012 when ameren illinois' financing activities used net cash of $103 million. during 2013, ameren illinois issued $280 million in senior secured debt, repaid at maturity $150 million of long-term debt, and paid common stock dividends of $110 million. ameren illinois used cash from financing activities to fund investing activities that were not funded by cash provided by operating activities. in comparison, during 2012, ameren illinois issued $400 million of senior secured notes, redeemed or repaid $333 million of long-term debt and paid common stock dividends of $189 million. in 2012, ameren illinois used cash on hand to fund investing and financing activities that were not funded by cash generated from operating activities.
credit facility borrowings and liquidity the liquidity needs of ameren, ameren missouri, and ameren illinois are typically supported through the use of available cash, short-term intercompany borrowings, drawings under committed bank credit agreements, or commercial paper issuances. see note 4 - short-term debt and liquidity under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information on credit agreements, short-term borrowing activity, commercial paper issuances, relevant interest rates, and borrowings under ameren's money pool arrangements.
the following table presents the committed 2012 credit agreements of ameren, ameren missouri, and ameren illinois and the credit capacity available under such agreements, considering reductions for commercial paper issuances and letters of credit, as of december 31, 2014:
expiration      borrowing capacity                  credit available ameren and ameren missouri:
2012 missouri credit agreement       december 2019   $1,000                                $1,000
2012 illinois credit agreement       december 2019   1,100                                  1,100
less: letters of credit(b)                           (a)                                       13
(b)   as of december 31, 2014, $9 million of the letters of credit relate to ameren's ongoing credit support obligations to new aer. see note 16 - divestiture transactions and discontinued operations under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information.
in december 2014, ameren (parent), ameren missouri and ameren illinois amended, restated, and extended the maturity dates of their 2012 credit agreements from november 14, 2017, to december 11, 2019. borrowings by ameren under either of the 2012 credit agreements are due and payable no later than the maturity date, while borrowings by ameren missouri and ameren illinois are due and payable no later than the earlier of the maturity date or 364 days after the date of such borrowing (subject to the right of each borrower to re-borrow in accordance with the terms of the applicable 2012 credit agreement). the 2012 credit agreements are used to borrow cash, to issue letters of credit, and to support issuances under ameren's, ameren missouri's, and ameren illinois' commercial paper programs. both of the 2012 credit agreements are available to ameren to support issuances under ameren's commercial paper program, subject to borrowing sublimits. the 2012 missouri credit agreement is available to support issuances under ameren missouri's commercial paper program. the 2012 illinois credit agreement is available to support issuances under ameren illinois' commercial paper program. during 2013 and 2014, issuances under the ameren, ameren missouri, and ameren illinois commercial paper programs were available at lower interest rates than the interest rates available under the 2012 credit agreements. as such, commercial paper issuances were a preferred source of third-party short-term debt relative to credit facility borrowings.
the maximum aggregate amount available to each borrower under each facility is shown in the following table (the amount being the borrower's "borrowing sublimit"):
2012 missouricredit agreement             2012 illinois credit agreement ameren                             $700                                      $500
subject to applicable regulatory short-term borrowing authorizations, these credit arrangements are also available to ameren's other subsidiaries through direct short-term borrowings from ameren, including, but not limited to, ameren services, through a money pool agreement. ameren has money pool agreements with and among its subsidiaries to coordinate and to provide for certain short-term cash and working capital requirements. see note 4 - short-term debt and liquidity under part ii, item 8, of this report for a detailed explanation of the money pool arrangements.
the issuance of short-term debt securities by ameren's utility subsidiaries is subject to approval by the ferc under the federal power act. in february 2014, the ferc issued an order authorizing ameren missouri to issue up to $1 billion of short-term debt securities through march 16, 2016. in september 2014, the ferc issued an order authorizing ameren illinois to issue up to $1 billion of short-term debt securities through september 15, 2016.
the ameren companies continually evaluate the adequacy and appropriateness of their liquidity arrangements given changing business conditions. when business conditions warrant, changes may be made to existing credit agreements or to other short-term borrowing arrangements.
long-term debt and equity the following table presents the issuances, redemptions, repurchases, and maturities of long-term debt (net of any issuance discounts) for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 for the ameren companies. the ameren companies did not issue any common stock or redeem or repurchase any preferred stock during the years ended 2014, 2013, and 2012. for additional information related to the terms and uses of these issuances and effective registration statements, see note 5 - long-term debt and equity financings under part ii, item 8, of this report.
redemptions, repurchases and maturities ameren (parent):
city of bowling green capital lease (peno creek ct)   various                                                    5                 5                 5
1993 5.45% series pollution control revenue bonds due 2028   october                                              -                      44           -
5.50% 2000 series a pollution control revenue bonds due 2014   august                                               -                 -                      51
total ameren long-term debt redemptions, repurchases and maturities                                                        $697              $399              $760
the ameren companies may sell securities registered under their effective registration statements if market conditions and capital requirements warrant such sales. any offer and sale will be made only by means of a prospectus that meets the requirements of the securities act of 1933 and the rules and regulations thereunder.
indebtedness provisions and other covenants at december 31, 2014, the ameren companies were in compliance with the provisions and covenants contained within their credit agreements, indentures, and articles of incorporation. see note 4 - short-term debt and liquidity and note 5 - long-term debt and equity financings under part ii, item 8, of this report for a discussion of covenants and provisions (and applicable cross-default provisions) contained in our bank credit agreements and in certain of the ameren companies' indentures and articles of incorporation.
we consider access to short-term and long-term capital markets to be a significant source of funding for capital requirements not satisfied by cash generated from our operating activities. inability to raise capital on reasonable terms, particularly during times of uncertainty in the capital markets, could negatively affect our ability to maintain and expand our businesses. after assessing its current operating performance, liquidity, and credit ratings (see credit ratings below), ameren, ameren missouri, and ameren illinois each believes that it will continue to have access to the capital markets. however, events beyond ameren's, ameren missouri's, and ameren illinois' control may create uncertainty in the capital markets or make access to the capital markets uncertain or limited. such events could increase our cost of capital and adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets.
dividends and return of capital ameren paid to its shareholders common stock dividends totaling $390 million, or $1.61 per share, in 2014, $388 million, or $1.60 per share, in 2013, and $382 million, or $1.60 per share, in 2012.
the amount and timing of dividends payable on ameren's common stock are within the sole discretion of ameren's board of directors. the board of directors has not set specific targets or payout parameters when declaring common stock dividends, but it considers various issues, including ameren's overall payout ratio, payout ratios of our peers, projected cash flow and potential future cash flow requirements, historical earnings and cash flow, projected earnings, impacts of regulatory orders or legislation, and other key business considerations. ameren expects its dividend payout ratio to be between 55% and 70% of earnings over the next few years. on february 13, 2015, the board of directors of ameren declared a quarterly dividend on ameren's common stock of 41 cents per share, payable on march 31, 2015, to shareholders of record on march 11, 2015.
certain of our financial agreements and corporate organizational documents contain covenants and conditions that, among other things, restrict the ameren companies' payment of dividends in certain circumstances.
ameren illinois' articles of incorporation require its dividend payments on common stock to be based on ratios of common stock to total capitalization and other provisions related to certain operating expenses and accumulations of earned surplus.
ameren missouri and ameren illinois, as well as certain other nonregistrant ameren subsidiaries, are subject to section 305(a) of the federal power act, which makes it unlawful for any officer or director of a public utility, as defined in the federal power act, to participate in the making or paying of any dividend from any funds "properly included in capital account." the ferc has consistently interpreted the provision to allow dividends to be paid as long as (1) the source of the dividends is clearly disclosed, (2) the dividends are not excessive, and (3) there is no self-dealing on the part of corporate officials. at a minimum, ameren believes that dividends can be paid by its subsidiaries that are public utilities from net income and from retained earnings. in addition, under illinois law, ameren illinois may not pay any dividend on its stock unless, among other things, its earnings and earned surplus are sufficient to declare and pay a dividend after provision is made for reasonable and proper reserves, or unless ameren illinois has specific authorization from the icc.
ameren has committed to the ferc to maintain a minimum of 30% equity in its capital structure at ameren illinois.
at december 31, 2014, the amount of restricted net assets of wholly owned subsidiaries of ameren that may not be distributed to ameren in the form of a loan or dividend was $2.3 billion.
the following table presents common stock dividends paid by ameren corporation to its common shareholders and by ameren missouri and ameren illinois to their parent, ameren.
(a)   additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2014, ameren missouri returned capital of $215 million to ameren (parent).
certain of the ameren companies have issued preferred stock, which provides for cumulative preferred stock dividends. each company's board of directors considers the declaration of the preferred stock dividends to shareholders of record on a certain date, stating the date on which the dividend is payable and the amount to be paid. see note 5 - long-term debt and equity financings under part ii, item 8, of this report for further detail concerning the preferred stock issuances.
contractual obligations the following table presents our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014. see note 11 - retirement benefits under part ii, item 8, of this report for information regarding expected minimum funding levels for our pension plans. these expected pension funding amounts are not included in the table below. in addition, routine short-term purchase order commitments are not included.
long-term debt and capital lease obligations(b)            $120                  $1,076                $1,421                  $3,634                $6,251
long-term debt and capital lease obligations(b)            $120                    $697                  $964                  $2,224                $4,005
(a)   includes amounts for registrant and nonregistrant ameren subsidiaries and intercompany eliminations.
(d)   amounts for certain land-related leases have indefinite payment periods. the annual obligation of $2 million, $1 million, and $1 million for ameren, ameren missouri, and ameren illinois, respectively, for these items is included in the less than 1 year, 1 - 3 years, and 3 - 5 years columns.
(e)   see other obligations in note 15 - commitments and contingencies under part ii, item 8 of this report, for discussion of items included herein.
as of december 31, 2014, the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits (detriments) for uncertain tax positions were $54 million, $- million, and $(1) million for ameren, ameren missouri, and ameren illinois, respectively. it is reasonably possible to expect that the settlement of an unrecognized tax benefit will result in an underpayment or overpayment of tax and related interest. however, there is a high degree of uncertainty with respect to the timing of cash payments or receipts associated with unrecognized tax benefits. the amount and timing of certain payments or receipts is not reliably estimable or determinable at this time. see note 13 - income taxes under part ii, item 8, of this report for information regarding the ameren companies' unrecognized tax benefits and related liabilities for interest expense.
off-balance-sheet arrangements at december 31, 2014, none of the ameren companies had off-balance-sheet financing arrangements, other than operating leases entered into in the ordinary course of business. none of the ameren companies expect to engage in any significant off-balance-sheet financing arrangements in the near future. see note 16 - divestiture transactions and discontinued operations under part ii, item 8, of this report for ameren (parent) guarantees and letters of credit issued to support new aer based on the transaction agreement with iph.
credit ratings our credit ratings affect our liquidity, our access to the capital markets and credit markets, our cost of borrowing under our credit facilities, our commercial paper programs, and our collateral posting requirements under commodity contracts.
the following table presents the principal credit ratings of the ameren companies by moody's, s&p, and fitch effective on the date of this report:
moody's   s&amp;p   fitch ameren:
issuer/corporate credit rating   baa2      bbb+      bbb+
issuer/corporate credit rating   baa1      bbb+      bbb+
issuer/corporate credit rating   baa1      bbb+      bbb secured debt                     a2        a         a-
the cost of borrowing under our credit facilities can also fluctuate depending upon the credit ratings of the borrower. a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities. it should be evaluated independently of any other
rating. ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
collateral postings any adverse change in our credit ratings may reduce access to capital and trigger additional collateral postings and prepayments. such changes may also increase the cost of borrowing, resulting in a potential negative impact on earnings. cash collateral postings and prepayments made with external parties, including postings related to exchange-traded contracts at december 31, 2014, were $7 million, $7 million, and less than $1 million at ameren, ameren missouri, and ameren illinois, respectively. cash collateral posted by external counterparties with ameren and ameren illinois was $2 million and $2 million, respectively, at december 31, 2014. sub-investment-grade issuer or senior unsecured debt ratings (lower than "bbb-" or "baa3") at december 31, 2014, could have resulted in ameren, ameren missouri, or ameren illinois being required to post additional collateral or other assurances for certain trade obligations amounting to $159 million, $88 million, and $71 million, respectively.
changes in commodity prices could trigger additional collateral postings and prepayments at current credit ratings. if market prices were 15% higher than december 31, 2014, levels in the next 12 months and 20% higher thereafter through the end of the term of the commodity contracts, then ameren, ameren missouri, or ameren illinois would not be required to post additional collateral or other assurances for certain trade obligations. if market prices were 15% lower than december 31, 2014 levels in the next 12 months and 20% lower thereafter through the end of the term of the commodity contracts, then ameren, ameren missouri, or ameren illinois could be required to post additional collateral or other assurances for certain trade obligations up to $25 million, $14 million, and $11 million, respectively.
the balance of marketing company's note payable to ameren for cash collateral requirements was $12 million at december 31, 2014. this balance will vary until december 2, 2015, as cash collateral requirements caused by changes in commodity prices could trigger additional collateral postings and prepayments for new aer and thus affect the balance of the note. ameren's obligation to provide credit support on behalf of new aer will cease on december 2, 2015. if market prices were 15% higher than their december 31, 2014 levels in the next 12 months and 20% higher thereafter through the end of the term of the commodity contracts, then ameren could be required to provide additional credit support to iph, up to $26 million. if market prices were 15% lower than their december 31, 2014 levels in the next 12 months and 20% lower thereafter through the end of the term of the commodity contracts, then ameren could be required to provide iph with additional credit support up to $31 million. if, on december 31, 2014, ameren's credit ratings had been below investment grade, ameren could have been required to post additional cash collateral in support of new aer in the amount of $26 million.
see note 16 - divestiture transactions and discontinued operations under part ii, item 8, of this report for information regarding ameren (parent) guarantees.
outlook we seek to earn competitive returns on investments in our businesses. we are seeking to improve our regulatory frameworks and cost recovery mechanisms and simultaneously pursuing constructive regulatory outcomes within existing frameworks. we are seeking to align our overall spending, both operating and capital, with economic conditions and cash flows provided by our regulators. consequently, we are focused on minimizing the gap between allowed and earned returns on equity. we intend to allocate capital resources to our business opportunities that offer the most attractive risk-adjusted return potential.
below are some key trends, events, and uncertainties that are reasonably likely to affect the ameren companies' results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity, as well as their ability to achieve strategic and financial objectives, for 2015 and beyond.
•   our strategy for earning competitive returns on our investments involves meeting customer energy needs in an efficient fashion, working to enhance regulatory frameworks, making timely and well-supported rate case filings, and aligning overall spending with those rate case outcomes, economic conditions, and return opportunities.
•   ameren continues to pursue its plans to invest in ferc-regulated electric transmission. miso has approved three electric transmission projects to be developed by atxi. the first project, illinois rivers, involves the construction of a 345-kilovolt line from western indiana across the state of illinois to eastern missouri. the first sections of the illinois rivers project are expected to be completed in 2016. the last section of this project is expected to be completed by 2019. the spoon river project in northwest illinois and the mark twain project in northeast missouri are the other two miso-approved projects to be constructed by atxi. these two projects are expected to be completed in 2018. the total investment in these three projects is expected to be more than $1.4 billion during 2015 through 2019. this total includes over $100 million of investment by ameren illinois to construct connections to its existing transmission system. separate from the three projects discussed above, ameren illinois expects to invest approximately $900 million in electric transmission assets during 2015 through 2019 to address load growth and reliability requirements.
•   in november 2013, a customer group filed a complaint case with the ferc seeking a reduction in the allowed base return on common equity for the ferc-regulated miso transmission rate base under the miso tariff to 9.15%. currently, the ferc-allowed base return on common equity for miso transmission owners is 12.38%. however, the 12.38% return is the subject of two ferc complaint proceedings that challenge the allowed return on common
equity for miso transmission owners. in january 2015, the ferc scheduled the initial case for hearing proceedings, requiring an initial decision to be issued no later than november 30, 2015. a 50 basis point reduction in the ferc-allowed return on common equity would reduce ameren's and ameren illinois' 2015 earnings by an estimated $4 million and $2 million, respectively, based on projected rate base. the final outcome of these proceedings could result in a refund to customers retroactive to november 2013 and have a material impact on the results of operations, financial position, and liquidity of ameren and ameren illinois.
•   in january 2015, ferc approved our request to implement an incentive adder of up to 50 basis points on the allowed base return on common equity prospectively from january 6, 2015, and to defer collection of the incentive adder until the issuance of the final order addressing the initial miso complaint case discussed above.
•   both ameren illinois and atxi have ferc authorization to employ a forward-looking rate calculation with an annual revenue requirement reconciliation for each company's electric transmission business. using the rates that became effective on january 1, 2015, and an assumed 12.38% return on equity, ameren illinois expects that the 2015 revenue requirement for its electric transmission business to be $199 million, which represents a $40 million increase over the 2014 revenue requirement because of rate base growth. these rates also reflect a capital structure composed of approximately 54% common equity and a rate base of $890 million. using the rates that became effective on january 1, 2015, and an assumed 12.38% return on equity, atxi expects that the 2015 revenue requirement for its electric transmission business to be $80 million, which represents a $46 million increase over the 2014 revenue requirement because of rate base growth, primarily relating to the illinois rivers project. these rates also reflect a capital structure composed of approximately 56% common equity, and a rate base of $536 million.
•   in february 2015, ameren missouri filed an amended request with the mopsc seeking approval to increase its annual revenues for electric service by approximately $190 million. the mopsc proceedings relating to the proposed electric service rate increase are ongoing and a decision by the mopsc is expected by may 2015, with new rates effective by june 2015.
•   ameren missouri's current meeia plan provides for a cumulative investment in customer energy efficiency programs of $147 million during 2013 through 2015. in december 2014, ameren missouri filed a new proposed energy efficiency plan with the mopsc under the meeia. this plan includes a portfolio of customer energy efficiency programs along with a cost recovery mechanism. if the plan is approved, beginning in january 2016, ameren missouri intends to invest $135 million over three years for the proposed customer energy efficiency programs.
•   in january 2015, ameren illinois filed a request with the icc seeking approval to increase its annual revenues for natural gas delivery service by $53 million. a decision by the icc in this proceeding is required by december 2015 and new rates are expected to be effective in january 2016.
•   the ieima provides for an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement necessary to reflect the actual costs incurred in a given year with the revenue requirement that was reflected in customer rates for that year. consequently, ameren illinois' 2015 electric delivery service revenues will be based on its 2015 actual recoverable costs, rate base, and return on common equity as calculated under the ieima's performance-based formula ratemaking framework. the 2015 revenue requirement is expected to be higher than the 2014 revenue requirement, due to an expected increase in recoverable costs and rate base growth. a 50 basis point change in the average monthly yields of the 30-year united states treasury bonds would result in an estimated $6 million change in ameren's and ameren illinois' 2015 net income.
•   in december 2014, the icc issued an order with respect to ameren illinois' annual update filing. the icc approved a $204 million increase in ameren illinois' electric delivery service revenue requirement, beginning in january 2015. these rates have affected and will continue to affect ameren illinois' cash receipts during 2015, but will not be the sole determinant of its electric delivery service operating revenues, which will instead be largely determined by the ieima's 2015 revenue requirement reconciliation. the 2015 revenue requirement reconciliation, as discussed above, is expected to result in a regulatory asset that will be collected from customers in 2017.
•   ameren missouri's next scheduled refueling and maintenance outage at its callaway energy center will be in the spring of 2016. during the 2014 refueling, ameren missouri incurred maintenance expenses of $36 million. during a scheduled outage, which occurs every 18 months, maintenance expenses increase relative to non-outage years. additionally, depending on the availability of its other generation sources and the market prices for power, ameren missouri's purchased power costs may increase and the amount of excess power available for sale may decrease versus non-outage years. changes in purchased power costs and excess power available for sale are included in the fac, resulting in limited impacts to earnings.
•   as of december 31, 2014, ameren missouri had capitalized $69 million of costs incurred to license additional nuclear generation at its callaway energy site. in 2009, ameren missouri suspended its efforts to build a new nuclear unit at the callaway site, and the nrc suspended review of the col application. the suspended status of the col application currently extends through the end of 2015. if efforts to license additional nuclear generation are abandoned, the nrc does not extend the col application suspended status, or if management concludes that it is probable the costs incurred will be disallowed in rates, a charge to earnings would be recognized in the period in which that determination was made.
•   ameren missouri is engaged in litigation with an insurer to recover an unpaid liability insurance claim for the december 2005 breach of the upper reservoir at ameren missouri's taum sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric energy center. ameren's and ameren missouri's results of operations, financial position, and liquidity could be adversely affected if
ameren missouri's remaining liability insurance claim of $41 million as of december 31, 2014, is not paid by the insurer.
•   under the provisions of the csra, ameren illinois received icc approval for its qip rider in january 2015 and subsequently began including qualified investments and recording revenue under this regulatory framework. ameren illinois will start recovering costs from these investments in march 2015.
•   as we continue to experience cost increases and to make infrastructure investments, ameren missouri and ameren illinois expect to seek regular electric and natural gas rate increases and timely cost recovery and tracking mechanisms from their regulators. ameren missouri and ameren illinois will also seek, as necessary, legislative solutions to address cost recovery pressures and to support investment in their energy infrastructure. these pressures include limited economic growth in their service territories, customer conservation efforts, the impacts of additional customer energy efficiency programs, increased investments and expected future investments for environmental compliance, system reliability improvements, and new generation capacity, including renewable energy requirements. increased investments also result in higher depreciation and financing costs. increased costs are also expected from rising employee benefit costs and higher property and income taxes, among others.
for additional information regarding recent rate orders and related appeals, pending requests filed with state and federal regulatory commissions, taum sauk matters, and separate ferc orders affecting ameren missouri and ameren illinois, see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters, note 10 - callaway energy center, and note 15 - commitments and contingencies under part ii, item 8, of this report.
liquidity and capital resources
•   we expect to incur significant capital expenditures in order to make investments to improve our electric and natural gas utility infrastructure and to comply with existing environmental regulations. we estimate that we will incur up to $9.3 billion (ameren missouri - up to $3.9 billion; ameren illinois - up to $4.0 billion; atxi - up to $1.4 billion) of capital expenditures during the period from 2015 through 2019.
•   existing and future environmental regulations, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions, or other actions taken by the epa, could result in significant increases in capital expenditures and operating costs. these expenses could be prohibitive at some of ameren missouri's coal-fired energy centers. ameren missouri's capital expenditures are subject to mopsc prudence reviews, which could result in cost disallowances as well as regulatory lag. ameren's and ameren missouri's earnings could benefit from increased investment to comply with environmental regulations if those investments are reflected and recovered timely in rates.
•   ameren missouri continues to evaluate its longer-term needs for new baseload and peaking electric generation capacity. ameren missouri files a non-binding integrated resource plan with the mopsc every three years. ameren missouri's integrated resource plan filed with the mopsc in october 2014 is a 20-year plan that supports a more fuel-diverse energy portfolio in missouri, including coal, solar, wind, natural gas and nuclear power. the plan includes expanding renewable generation, retiring coal-fired generation as energy centers reach the end of their useful lives, and adding natural-gas-fired combined cycle generation. ameren missouri continues to study future alternatives, including additional customer energy efficiency programs, that could help defer new energy center construction. ameren missouri's integrated resource plan is projected to achieve the carbon emissions reductions proposed in the epa's clean power plan by 2035, rather than the epa's final target date of 2030 or its interim target dates beginning in 2020.
•   ameren missouri continues to evaluate its potential compliance plans for the proposed clean power plan. preliminary studies suggest that if the proposed clean power plan were to be finalized in its current form, ameren missouri may need to incur new or accelerated capital expenditures and increased fuel costs in order to achieve compliance. as proposed, the clean power plan would require the states, including missouri and illinois, to submit compliance plans as early as 2016. the states' compliance plans might require ameren missouri to construct natural-gas-fired combined cycle generation and renewable generation, currently estimated to cost approximately $2 billion by 2020, that ameren missouri believes would otherwise not be necessary to meet the energy needs of its customers. additionally, missouri's implementation of the proposed rules, if adopted, could result in the closure or alteration of the operation of some of ameren missouri's coal and natural gas-fired energy centers, which could result in increased operating costs or impairment of assets.
•   to fund investment requirements of our businesses, we seek to maintain access to the capital markets at commercially attractive rates. we seek to enhance regulatory frameworks and returns in order to improve liquidity, credit metrics, and related access to capital.
•   in december 2014, the ameren companies amended and restated their credit agreements to cumulatively provide $2.1 billion of credit through december 11, 2019, subject to a 364-day repayment term in the case of ameren missouri and ameren illinois. see note 4 - short-term debt and liquidity under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information regarding the 2012 credit agreements. ameren, ameren missouri, and ameren illinois believe that their liquidity is adequate given their cash from operating activities, capital expenditures, and related financing plans. however, there can be no assurance that significant changes in economic conditions, disruptions in the capital and credit markets, or other unforeseen events will not materially affect their ability to execute their expected operating, capital, or financing plans.
•   as of december 31, 2014, ameren had $531 million in tax benefits from federal and state net operating loss carryforwards (ameren missouri - $86 million and ameren illinois - $137 million) and $131 million in federal and state
income tax credit carryforwards (ameren missouri - $21 million and ameren illinois - $2 million). these tax benefits are still subject to audits and examinations by taxing authorities. consistent with the tax allocation agreement between ameren and its subsidiaries, these carryforwards are expected to partially offset income tax liabilities for ameren missouri and ameren illinois during 2015 and 2016, while ameren does not expect to make material federal income tax payments until 2017. in addition, ameren has $55 million of expected income tax refunds and state overpayments that will offset income tax liabilities into 2017. these tax benefits, primarily at the ameren (parent) level, when realized, will be available to fund electric transmission investments, specifically atxi's illinois rivers project.
•   ameren expects its cash used for capital expenditures and dividends to exceed cash provided by operating activities over the next several years. ameren does not expect the need for public equity issuances to fund such cash shortfalls, but may consider issuing stock through its drplus and its 401(k) plans.
•   the use of cash from operating activities and short-term borrowings to fund capital expenditures and other long-term investments may periodically result in a working capital deficit, as defined by current liabilities exceeding current assets, as was the case at december 31, 2014. the working capital deficit as of december 31, 2014, was primarily the result of our reliance on commercial paper issuances, as opposed to long-term debt issuances. ameren is currently evaluating options for refinancing the short-term debt including the issuance of long-term notes. ameren had $714 million of commercial paper issuances outstanding as of december 31, 2014. with the 2012 credit agreements, ameren has access to $2.1 billion of credit capacity, of which $1.4 billion was available at december 31, 2014.
the above items could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. additionally, in the ordinary course of business, we evaluate strategies to enhance our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. these strategies may include acquisitions, divestitures, and opportunities to reduce costs or increase revenues, and other strategic initiatives to increase ameren's stockholder value. we are unable to predict which, if any, of these initiatives will be executed. the execution of these initiatives may have a material impact on our future results of operations, financial position, or liquidity.
regulatory matters see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters under part ii, item 8, of this report.
accounting matters critical accounting estimates preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. these estimates involve judgments regarding many factors that in and of themselves could materially affect the financial statements and disclosures. we have outlined below the critical accounting estimates that we believe are the most difficult, subjective, or complex. any change in the assumptions or judgments applied in determining the following matters, among others, could have a material impact on future financial results.
accounting estimate   uncertainties affecting application regulatory mechanisms and cost recovery we defer costs in accordance with authoritative accounting guidance and make investments that we assume will be collected in future rates.
•   regulatory environment and external regulatory decisions and requirements
•   anticipated future regulatory decisions and our assessment of their impact
•   impact of deregulation, rate freezes, prudence reviews, and opposition during the ratemaking process that may limit our ability to timely recover costs
•   ameren illinois' assessment of and ability to estimate the current year's electric delivery service costs to be reflected in revenues and recovered from customers in a subsequent year under the ieima performance-based formula ratemaking process
•   ameren illinois' and atxi's assessment of and ability to estimate the current year's electric transmission service costs to be reflected in revenues and recovered from customers in a subsequent year under the ferc ratemaking process
•   ameren missouri's estimate of revenue recovery under the meeia basis for judgment we determine which costs are recoverable by reviewing previous rulings by regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where we operate and any other factors that may indicate whether cost recovery is probable. if facts and circumstances lead us to conclude that a recorded regulatory asset is no longer probable of recovery or that plant assets are probable of disallowance, we record a charge to earnings, which could be material. ameren illinois estimates its annual revenue requirement pursuant to the ieima for interim periods by using internal forecasted information, such as projected operations and maintenance expenses, depreciation expense, taxes other than income taxes, and rate base, as well as published forecasted data regarding that year's monthly average yields of the 30-year united states treasury bonds. ameren illinois estimates its annual revenue requirement as of december 31 of each year using that year's actual operating results and assesses the probability of recovery from or refund to customers that the icc will order at the end of the following year. variations in costs incurred, investments made, or orders by the icc or courts can result in a subsequent change in ameren illinois' estimate. ameren illinois and atxi follow a similar process for their ferc rate-regulated electric transmission businesses. ameren missouri estimates lost revenues resulting from the customer energy efficiency programs implemented by the meeia. ameren missouri uses a meeia rider to collect from or refund to customers any annual difference in the actual amounts incurred and the amounts collected from customers. see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters under part ii, item 8, of this report for quantification of these assets for each of the ameren companies. see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies under part ii, item 8, of this report for a listing of regulatory mechanisms used by ameren missouri and ameren illinois.
benefit plan accounting based on actuarial calculations, we accrue costs of providing future employee benefits in accordance with authoritative accounting guidance regarding benefit plans. see note 11 - retirement benefits under part ii, item 8, of this report.
•   future rate of return on pension and other plan assets
•   valuation inputs and assumptions used in the fair value measurements of plan assets, excluding those inputs that are readily observable
•   interest rates used in valuing benefit obligations
•   timing of employee retirements and mortality assumptions
•   ability to recover certain benefit plan costs from our ratepayers
•   changing market conditions that may affect investment and interest rate environments
•   impacts of the federal health care reform legislation enacted in 2010
basis for judgment our ultimate selection of the discount rate, health care trend rate, and expected rate of return on pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets is based on our consistent application of assumption-setting methodologies and our review of available historical, current, and projected rates, as applicable. we also make mortality assumptions for estimating our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. during 2014, ameren adopted the society of actuaries 2014 mortality tables report and mortality improvement scale. the updated mortality tables assume increasing life expectancies for our employees and retirees, which has resulted in an increase to our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. see note 11 - retirement benefits under part ii, item 8, of this report for sensitivity of ameren's benefit plans to potential changes in these assumptions.
accounting for contingencies we make judgments and estimates in the recording and the disclosing of liabilities for claims, litigation, environmental remediation, the actions of various regulatory agencies, or other matters that occur in the normal course of business. we record a loss contingency when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and that the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.
•   estimating financial impact of events
•   estimating likelihood of various potential outcomes
•   regulatory and political environments and requirements
•   outcome of legal proceedings, settlements, or other factors
•   changes in regulation, expected scope of work, technology or timing of environmental remediation basis for judgment the determination of a loss contingency requires significant judgment as to the expected outcome of each contingency in future periods. in making the determination as to the amount of potential loss and the probability of loss, we consider all available evidence, including the expected outcome of potential litigation. if no estimate is better than another within our range of estimates, we record as our best estimate of a loss the minimum value of our estimated range of outcomes. as additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to the contingency and revise our estimates. in our evaluation of legal matters, management consults with legal counsel and relies on analysis of relevant case law and legal precedents. see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters, note 10 - callaway energy center, note 15 - commitments and contingencies, and note 16 - divestiture transactions and discontinued operations under part ii, item 8, of this report for information on the ameren companies' contingencies.
accounting for income taxes based on authoritative accounting guidance, we record the provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets, if any. see note 13 - income taxes under part ii, item 8, of this report.
•   changes in business, industry, laws, technology, or economic and market conditions affecting forecasted financial condition and/or results of operations
•   effectiveness of implementing tax planning strategies
•   changes in income tax laws
•   results of audits and examinations by taxing authorities
basis for judgment the reporting of tax-related assets requires the use of estimates and significant management judgment. deferred tax assets are recorded to represent future effects on income taxes for temporary differences between the basis of assets for financial reporting and tax purposes. although management believes that current estimates for deferred tax assets are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates for a variety of reasons, including a change in forecasted financial condition and/or results of operations, change in income tax laws or enacted tax rates, the form, structure, and timing of asset or stock sales or dispositions, and results of audits and examinations by taxing authorities. valuation allowances against deferred tax assets are recorded when management concludes it is more likely than not such asset will not be realized in future periods. accounting for income taxes also requires that only tax benefits for positions taken or expected to be taken on tax returns that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold can be recognized or continue to be recognized. management evaluates each position solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming that the position will be examined by a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine recognition thresholds and the related amount of tax benefits to be recognized. at each period-end, and as new developments occur, management reevaluates its tax positions. see note 13 - income taxes under part ii, item 8, of this report for the amount of deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions recorded at december 31, 2014.
unbilled revenue at the end of each period, ameren, ameren missouri, and ameren illinois estimate the usage that has been provided to customers but not yet billed. this usage amount, along with a per unit price, is used to estimate an unbilled balance.
•   estimating customer energy usage
•   estimating impacts of weather and other usage-affecting factors for the unbilled period
•   estimating loss of energy during transmission and delivery basis for judgment we base our estimate of unbilled revenue each period on the volume of energy delivered, as valued by a model of billing cycles and historical usage rates and growth or contraction by customer class for our service area. this figure is then adjusted for the modeled impact of seasonal and weather variations based on historical results. see the balance sheet for each of the ameren companies under part ii, item 8, of this report for unbilled revenue amounts.
impact of future accounting pronouncements see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies under part ii, item 8, of this report.
effects of inflation and changing prices ameren's rates for retail electric and natural gas utility service are regulated by the mopsc and the icc. nonretail electric rates are regulated by the ferc. rate regulation is generally based on the recovery of historical or projected costs. as a result, revenue increases could lag behind changing prices. ameren illinois participates in the performance-based formula ratemaking process pursuant to the ieima for its electric delivery service business. ameren illinois is required to purchase all of its power through procurement processes administered by the ipa. the cost of procured power can be affected by inflation. within the ieima formula, the monthly average yields of 30-year united states treasury bonds are the basis for ameren illinois' return on equity. therefore, there is a direct correlation between the yield of united states treasury bonds, which are affected by inflation, and the earnings of ameren illinois' electric distribution business. inflation affects our operations, earnings, stockholders' equity, and financial performance.
the current replacement cost of our utility plant substantially exceeds our recorded historical cost. under existing regulatory practice, only the historical cost of plant is recoverable from customers. as a result, customer rates designed to provide recovery of historical costs through depreciation might not be adequate to replace plant in future years.
ameren missouri recovers the cost of fuel for electric generation and the cost of purchased power by adjusting rates as allowed through the fac. ameren illinois recovers power supply costs from electric customers by adjusting rates through a rider mechanism to accommodate changes in power prices.
changes in the cost of electric transmission services affect ameren missouri, ameren illinois, and atxi. the ferc regulates the rates charged and the terms and conditions for electric wholesale and unbundled retail transmission services. because they are members of miso, ameren missouri's, ameren illinois', and atxi's transmission rates are calculated in accordance with the rate formulas contained in miso's ferc-approved tariff. under the miso oatt, a portion of the revenue requirement related to certain projects eligible for cost sharing is allocated to multiple miso pricing zones. the remaining revenue requirement is assigned to the pricing zone where the transmission assets are located. ameren missouri uses a rate formula that is updated in june of each year, which is based on the prior year's cost data. the ameren missouri zonal rate is charged to wholesale customers in the ammo pricing zone. this zonal rate is not directly charged to missouri retail customers, because the mopsc includes transmission-related costs in setting bundled retail rates in missouri. ameren illinois and atxi have received ferc approval to use company-specific, forward-looking rate formula templates in setting their transmission rates. these forward-looking rates are updated each january with forecasted information. a reconciliation during the year, which adjusts for the actual revenue requirement and actual sales volumes, is used to adjust billing rates in a subsequent year. in illinois, the amil
pricing zone transmission rate is charged directly to wholesale customers and alternative retail electric suppliers that serve unbundled retail load. for ameren illinois retail customers who have not chosen an alternative retail electric supplier, the amil pricing zone transmission rate and other miso-related costs are collected through a rider mechanism in ameren illinois' retail distribution tariffs.
in our missouri and illinois retail natural gas utility jurisdictions, changes in natural gas costs are generally reflected in billings to natural gas customers through pga clauses.
see note 2 - rate and regulatory matters under part ii, item 8, of this report for additional information on our cost recovery mechanisms.