item 1a.   risk factors
risks related to our growth strategy and future expansion our sales and profit growth could be adversely affected if comparable restaurant sales increases are less than we expect, and we may not successfully increase comparable restaurant sales or they may decrease.
while future sales growth will depend to an extent on our opening new restaurants, changes in comparable restaurant sales (which represent the change in period-over-period sales for restaurants beginning in their 13th full month of operations) will also affect our sales growth and will continue to be a critical factor affecting profit growth. this is because the profit margin on comparable restaurant sales is generally higher, as comparable restaurant sales increases enable fixed costs to be spread over a higher sales base. conversely, declines in comparable restaurant sales can have a significant adverse effect on profitability due to the loss of the positive impact on profit margins associated with comparable restaurant sales increases. we expect 2015 full year
comparable restaurant sales increases to be in the low to mid-single digit range as comparisons become more difficult, particularly during the final three quarters of the year as we begin to overlap nationwide menu price increases implemented in 2014.
our ability to increase comparable restaurant sales depends on many factors, including:
•    our ability to increase menu prices without adversely impacting transaction counts to such a degree that the impact from lower transactions equals or exceeds the benefit of the menu price increase and without “trade down” by customers or other reduction in average check in response to price increases;
•   competition, either from our competitors in the restaurant industry, or from our own restaurants in the event customers who frequent one of our restaurants begin to visit one of our new restaurants instead;
•                                                   executing our strategies effectively, including our development strategy, our marketing and branding strategies, our initiatives to increase the speed at which our crew serves each customer, expanded use of fax service lines and online and other electronic ordering, and introductions of catering options and new menu items, each of which we may not be able to accomplish or which may not have the impact we expect;
•   initial sales performance of new restaurants, and potential adverse impact of new restaurants on existing restaurant sales, which are further described below under “our new restaurants, once opened, may not be profitable, and may adversely impact the sales of our existing restaurants”;
•   weather, road construction and other factors limiting access to our restaurants; and
as a result of these factors it is possible that we will not achieve our targeted or expected comparable restaurant sales or that the change in comparable restaurant sales could be negative. a number of these factors are beyond our control, and therefore we cannot assure that we will be able to sustain comparable restaurant sales increases.
past declines in our comparable restaurant sales increases have significantly impacted our stock price. beginning in the second quarter of 2012, prior to which we had been experiencing strong comparable restaurant sales growth momentum, our comparable restaurant sales increases decelerated and the price of our stock declined significantly in the wake of this deceleration, including a decline of nearly 22% on the trading day following our second quarter 2012 earnings release. moreover, even the expectation of declining comparable restaurant sales increases has had a significant impact on our stock price in the past. for example, when we announced in october 2014 that we expect comparable restaurant sales for 2015 in the low to mid-single digit range (as opposed to the double-digit comparable restaurant sales increases we reported for the third quarter of 2014), the price of our common stock declined nearly 7% on the following trading day. any future deceleration in or failure to meet market expectations for our comparable restaurant sales increases would likely result in another significant decline in the price of our common stock.
increasing our sales and profitability depends substantially on our ability to open new restaurants in sites and on terms attractive to us, which is subject to many unpredictable factors.
•   our potential inability to locate and secure new restaurant sites in locations that we believe to be attractive;
•   delay or cancellation of new site development by developers and landlords, which may become increasingly common during periods of economic uncertainty or tight credit;
•   difficulty managing construction and development costs of new restaurants at affordable levels, particularly in competitive markets and when real estate development activity is robust;
“—our expansion into international markets may present increased risks due to lower customer awareness of our brand, our unfamiliarity with those markets and other factors” and “—shophouse southeast asian kitchen and pizzeria locale may not contribute to our growth”;
•   difficulty negotiating leases with acceptable terms;
•   lack of availability of, or inability to obtain, adequate supplies of ingredients that meet our quality standards;
•   failures or delays in securing required governmental approvals (including construction, parking and other permits); and
•   the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities.
one of our biggest challenges in opening new restaurants is staffing. we seek to hire only top-performing employees and to promote general managers from our crew, which may make it more difficult for us to staff all the restaurants we intend to open. constraints on our hiring new employees are described further below under “risks related to operating in the restaurant industry—our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants and the right field leaders.”
another significant challenge is locating and securing an adequate supply of suitable new restaurant sites. competition for suitable new restaurant sites in our target markets can be intense, and development and leasing costs are increasing, particularly for urban locations. these factors could negatively impact our ability to drive occupancy costs lower as a percentage of revenue, which would adversely impact our profitability growth. in addition, any of these factors may be exacerbated by any ongoing economic recovery, as developers and contractors see increased demand. our decision to delay or forego a significant number of new restaurant openings, or our inability to open the number of new restaurants we plan, due to any of the reasons set forth above could materially and adversely affect our growth strategy and our expected results. moreover, as we open and operate more restaurants our rate of expansion relative to the size of our existing restaurant base will decline, which will make it increasingly difficult to maintain our past rates of sales and profitability growth.
our progress in opening new restaurants from quarter to quarter may also occur at an uneven rate, which may result in quarterly sales and profit growth falling short of market expectations in some periods. similarly, our growth strategy and the substantial investment associated with the development of each new restaurant (as well as the impact of our new restaurants on the sales of our existing restaurants) may cause our operating results to fluctuate and be unpredictable or adversely affect our profits.
our new restaurants, once opened, may not be profitable, and may adversely impact the sales of our existing restaurants.
historically, many of our new restaurants have opened with an initial ramp-up period typically lasting 24 months or more, during which they generated sales and income below the levels at which we expect them to normalize. this is in part due to the time it takes to build a customer base in a new area, higher fixed costs relating to increased labor and other start-up inefficiencies that are typical of new restaurants, and a larger proportion of our recent openings being in higher rent sites than we have historically targeted. it may also be difficult for us to attract a customer base if we are not able to staff our restaurants with employees who perform to our high standards. if we are unable to build the customer base that we expect for new restaurant locations or
overcome the higher fixed costs associated with new restaurant locations, new restaurants may not have similar results as our existing restaurants and may not be profitable. moreover, our new restaurant development activity has broadened recently to incorporate trade areas or restaurant sites in which we have little or no prior experience, including smaller or more economically mixed communities, highway sites, outlet centers, and restaurants in airports, food courts, or on military sites. the risks relating to building a customer base and managing development and operating costs may be more significant in some or all of these types of trade areas or restaurant sites, which could have an unexpected negative impact on our new restaurant operating results.
in addition, after several years of lowering the average development cost, net of landlord reimbursements, for new chipotle restaurants in the u.s. from about $916,000 in 2008 to about $800,000 in 2013, our average developments costs, net of landlord reimbursements, for new chipotle restaurants in the u.s. have begun to increase. in 2014 these costs rose to about $843,000, and we expect them to decrease slightly in 2015. in the event we are not able to contain increases in our average restaurant development costs, which could result from inflation, an increase in the proportion of higher cost locations, project mismanagement or other reasons, our new restaurant locations could also result in decreased profitability.
we have now opened restaurants in nearly all major metropolitan areas across the u.s. new restaurants opened in existing markets may adversely impact sales in previously-opened restaurants in the same market as customers who frequent our established restaurants begin to visit a newly-opened restaurant instead. this impact could worsen as we open additional restaurants, and could make it more difficult for us to increase comparable restaurant sales and profitability. existing restaurants could also make it more difficult to build the customer base for newly-opened restaurants in the same market.
our expansion into international markets may present increased risks due to lower customer awareness of our brand, our unfamiliarity with those markets and other factors.
in 2008, we opened our first restaurant outside the u.s., in toronto, canada. in 2010 we opened our first restaurant in the united kingdom in london, in 2012 we opened our first restaurant in france in paris, and in 2013 we opened our first restaurant in germany in frankfurt. as of december 31, 2014, 17 of our restaurants were located outside of the u.s. as a result of our small number of restaurants outside the u.s. and the relatively short time we have been operating those restaurants, we have lower brand awareness, lower sales and/or transaction counts, and less operating experience in these markets. the markets in which we’ve opened restaurants outside the u.s., and any additional new markets we enter outside the u.s. in the future, have different competitive conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our u.s. markets. as a result, new restaurants outside the u.s. may be less successful than restaurants in our existing markets. specifically, due to lower consumer familiarity with the chipotle brand, differences in customer tastes or spending patterns, or for other reasons, sales at restaurants opened outside the u.s. may take longer to ramp up and reach expected sales and profit levels, and may never do so, thereby affecting our overall growth and profitability. to build brand awareness in international markets, we may need to make greater investments in advertising and promotional activity than we originally planned, which could negatively impact the profitability of our operations in those markets.
we may also find it more difficult in international markets to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees who can project our vision, passion and culture, and labor costs may be higher in international markets due to increased regulation or local market conditions. in addition, restaurants outside the u.s. have had higher construction, occupancy and food costs than restaurants in existing markets, and we may have difficulty finding reliable suppliers or distributors or ones that can provide us, either initially or over time, with adequate supplies of ingredients meeting our quality standards. markets outside the u.s. may also have regulatory differences with the u.s. with which we are not familiar, or that subject us to significant additional expense or to which we are not able to successfully adapt, which may have a particularly adverse impact on our sales or profitability in those markets and could adversely impact our overall results. our overall results may also be negatively affected by currency risk on the transactions in other currencies and translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of our international financial results into the u.s. dollar.
shophouse southeast asian kitchen and pizzeria locale may not contribute to our growth.
we believe that the fundamental principles on which chipotle restaurants are based—finding the very best sustainably raised ingredients, prepared and cooked using classical methods in front of the customer, and served in an interactive format by special people dedicated to providing a great dining experience—can be adapted to cuisines other than the food we serve at chipotle. in order to see how our model works when we use different ingredients and a different style of food, we opened shophouse southeast asian kitchen during 2011 and now have a total of nine shophouse restaurants, in washington d.c. and the los angeles area. we also have a majority ownership interest in a company operating two fast casual pizzeria locale restaurants in denver, colorado, and we plan to invest in and assist with the expansion of pizzeria locale in the future. shophouse and pizzeria locale are new brands and they have lower brand awareness, lower sales and less operating experience than most chipotle restaurants, and may not achieve the same restaurant economics as chipotle restaurants. notwithstanding our opening of shophouse and investment in pizzeria locale, our immediate focus will remain on thoughtfully growing the chipotle brand. as a result, we do not expect shophouse or pizzeria locale to contribute to our growth in a meaningful way for at least the next several years, and we may determine not to move forward with any further expansion of shophouse or pizzeria locale. this would limit our overall growth over the long term.
as described elsewhere in this report, our plans call for a significant number of new restaurants. our existing restaurant management systems, financial and management controls, information systems and personnel may be inadequate to support our expansion. managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these systems, procedures and controls and to hire, train and retain general managers, crew and corporate staff. we also are continuing to attempt to improve our field management in an effort to develop additional top-performing general managers more quickly. we may not respond quickly enough to the changing demands that our expansion will impose on management, crew and existing infrastructure, and changes to our operating structure may result in increased costs or inefficiencies that we cannot currently anticipate. changes as we grow may have a negative impact on the operation of our restaurants, and cost increases resulting from our inability to effectively manage our growth could adversely impact our profitability. we also place a lot of importance on our culture, which we believe has been an important contributor to our success. as we grow, we may have difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. our failure to foster and maintain our corporate culture could also harm our business and operating results.
our profitability depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in food and supply costs. like all restaurant companies, we are susceptible to increases in food costs as a result of factors beyond our control, such as general economic conditions, seasonal fluctuations, weather conditions, global demand, food safety concerns, generalized infectious diseases, fluctuations of the u.s. dollar, product recalls and government regulations. the cost of many basic foods for humans and animals, including corn, wheat, rice and cooking oils, has increased markedly in some years, resulting in upward pricing pressures on almost all of our raw ingredients including chicken, beef, tortillas and rice, increasing our food costs. food prices for a number of our key ingredients escalated markedly at various points during 2013 and 2014 and we expect that there will be additional pricing pressures on some of those ingredients, primarily beef, during 2015, which we expect will be partially or fully offset by relief in dairy prices. as a result, we expect that food costs as a percentage of revenue in 2015 will remain consistent with the full year 2014 or will increase slightly.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
you should read the following discussion together with item 6. “selected financial data” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8. “financial statements and supplementary data.” the discussion contains forward-looking statements involving risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our results to differ materially from expectations. factors that might cause such differences include those described in item 1a. “risk factors” and elsewhere in this report.
overview chipotle operates fresh mexican food restaurants serving burritos, tacos, burrito bowls (a burrito without the tortilla) and salads. we began with a simple philosophy: demonstrate that food served fast doesn’t have to be a traditional “fast-food” experience. we do this by avoiding a formulaic approach when creating our restaurant experience, looking to fine dining restaurants for inspiration. we use high-quality raw ingredients, classic cooking methods and distinctive interior design, and have friendly people to take care of each customer—features that are more frequently found in the world of fine dining. our approach is also guided by our belief in an idea we call “food with integrity.” our objective is to find the highest quality ingredients we can—ingredients that are grown or raised with respect for the environment, animals, and people who grow or raise the food. a similarly focused people culture, with an emphasis on identifying and empowering top performing employees, enables us to develop future leaders from within.
2014 highlights and trends restaurant development. as of december 31, 2014, we had 1,783 restaurants in operation, including 1,755 chipotle restaurants throughout the united states, with an additional seven in canada, six in england, three in france, and one in germany. our restaurants include nine shophouse southeast asian kitchen restaurants, serving asian-inspired cuisine, and we are an investor in a consolidated entity that owns and operates two pizzeria locale restaurants, a fast casual pizza concept. new restaurants have contributed substantially to our restaurant sales growth and we opened 192 restaurants in 2014, and expect to open between 190 and 205 restaurants in 2015, including a small number of shophouse and pizzeria locale restaurants.
sales growth. average restaurant sales were $2.472 million as of december 31, 2014, increasing from $2.169 million as of december 31, 2013. we define average restaurant sales as the average trailing 12-month sales for restaurants in operation for at least 12 full calendar months. our comparable restaurant sales increases were 16.8% in 2014. comparable restaurant sales represent the change in period-over-period sales for restaurants beginning in their 13th full calendar month of operation. comparable restaurant sales increases in 2014 were driven primarily by an increase in customer visits, and to a lesser extent from an increase in average check, including the impact of a menu price increase during the second quarter of 2014 at all u.s. chipotle locations. menu price increases accounted for 3.8% of our comparable restaurant sales increases for 2014. we expect 2015 comparable restaurant sales to be in the low to mid-single digits as comparisons become more difficult, particularly during the final three quarters of the year.
during 2013, we launched our catering service in chipotle restaurants throughout the u.s, except new york city. catering represented approximately 1.3% of revenue for the year ended 2014.
food with integrity. in all of our restaurants, we endeavor to serve only meats that were raised without the use of non-therapeutic antibiotics or added hormones, and in accordance with criteria we’ve established in an effort to improve sustainability and promote animal welfare. we brand these meats as “responsibly raised tm.” in addition, a portion of some of the produce items we serve is organically grown, and/or sourced locally when in season (by which we mean within 350 miles of the restaurant where it is served), and a portion of the beans we serve is organically grown and a portion is grown using conservation tillage methods that improve soil conditions, reduce erosion and help preserve the environment in which they are grown. the sour cream and cheese we buy is made with milk that comes from cows that are not given rbgh. milk used to make much of our
cheese and all of our sour cream is sourced from pasture-based dairies that provide an even higher standard of animal welfare by providing outdoor access for their cows. further, we disclose on our website which ingredients contain genetically modified organisms, or gmos, and we are working to replace ingredients containing gmos in our food (not including beverages) with non-gmo ingredients. while the meat and poultry we serve is not genetically modified, the animals are likely fed a diet containing gmos. we will continue to search for quality ingredients that not only taste delicious, but also benefit local farmers or the environment, or otherwise benefit or improve the sustainability of our supply chain.
one of our primary goals is for all of our restaurants to continue serving meats that are raised to meet our standards, but we have and will continue to face challenges in doing so. in january 2015, through an ongoing audit of our suppliers, we identified a pork supplier that was not meeting our standards related to the size and condition of the housing offered to some of the pigs, so we suspended our purchases from this supplier. without this supply, we cannot get enough pork that meets our standards for all of our restaurants, and we will not be able to serve carnitas in about one-third of our u.s. restaurants until we can find additional sources which meet our standards to make up the shortfall. because we have elected to remove all affected pork from our supply chain, including our distribution centers, and—because the meat is food safe but does not meet our rigorous standards—we disposed of it, primarily through donations to local food banks. some of our restaurants served conventionally raised beef and chicken for periods during 2014 and we expect to serve conventionally raised beef in 2015, due to supply constraints for our responsibly raised meats. more of our restaurants may periodically serve conventionally raised meats in the future due to supply constraints. when we become aware that one or more of our restaurants will serve conventionally raised meat, we clearly and specifically disclose this temporary change on signage in each affected restaurant, so that customers can avoid those meats if they choose to do so.
our food costs increased as a percentage of revenue in 2014 as a result of inflationary pressures on many of our ingredients, primarily beef, avocados, and dairy. the increase was partially offset by the impact of the menu price increase in the second quarter. we expect that food costs as a percentage of revenue in 2015 will remain consistent with the full year 2014 or will increase slightly.
stock repurchases. in accordance with stock repurchases authorized by our board of directors we purchased shares of our common stock with an aggregate total repurchase price of $88.0 million during 2014. as of december 31, 2014, $102.2 million was available to be repurchased under the current repurchase authorizations announced on february 5, 2013 and april 17, 2014. on february 3, 2015 we announced that our board of directors authorized the expenditure of up to an additional $100 million to repurchase shares of our common stock. we have entered into an agreement with a broker under sec rule 10b5-1(c), authorizing the broker to make open market purchases of common stock from time to time, subject to market conditions. the existing repurchase agreement and the board’s authorization of the repurchases may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time.
restaurant openings, relocations and closures the following table details restaurant unit data for the years indicated.
in 2014, the significant factors contributing to our increases in sales were comparable restaurant sales and new restaurant openings. comparable restaurant sales increases contributed $530.0 million of the increase in restaurant sales, due primarily to increases in customer visits, and an increase in average check price, including the benefit from menu price increases. restaurant sales from restaurants not yet in the comparable base contributed $364.7 million of the increase in sales in 2014, of which $173.9 million was attributable to restaurants opened during the year.
in 2013, the significant factors contributing to our increases in sales were new restaurant openings and comparable restaurant sales. restaurant sales from restaurants not yet in the comparable restaurant base contributed $333.9 million of the increase in sales, of which $156.6 million was attributable to restaurants opened in 2013. comparable restaurant sales increases contributed $150.3 million of the increase in restaurant sales, due primarily to increases in customer visits.
food, beverage and packaging costs increased as a percentage of revenue in 2014 due to inflation on many food items, primarily beef, avocados, and dairy. the increase was partially offset by the impact of menu price increases. we expect that food costs as a percentage of revenue in 2015 will remain consistent with the full year 2014 or will increase slightly.
food, beverage and packaging costs increased as a percentage of revenue in 2013 due to inflation on many food items, particularly salsa ingredients, as well as dairy, cooking oils, and chicken.
labor costs as a percentage of revenue decreased in 2014 due primarily to the benefit of higher average restaurant sales, including the impact of menu price increases, partially offset by an increased number of managers and crew in our restaurants and normal wage inflation. in 2015, we expect labor costs to increase slightly as a percentage of revenue due to the affordable care act and minimum wage increases in a number of jurisdictions.
labor costs as a percentage of revenue decreased in 2013 due primarily to the benefit of higher average restaurant sales.
occupancy costs decreased as a percentage of revenue in 2014 and in 2013 primarily due to the benefit of higher average restaurant sales on a partially fixed-cost base.
other operating costs include, among other items, marketing and promotional costs, bank and credit card fees, and restaurant utilities and maintenance costs. other operating costs decreased in 2014 due primarily to the benefit of higher average restaurant sales on a partially fixed-cost base. we expect marketing and promotional spend as a percentage of revenue for 2015 to remain consistent with the full year 2014 or increase slightly.
the increase in general and administrative expenses in dollar terms in 2013 primarily resulted from increased payroll and benefits costs as we grew and increased legal costs, partially offset by costs from our biennial amc held during 2012, as well as a decrease in 2013 in non-cash stock based compensation expense due to expenses in 2012 related to non-vested stock awards subject to performance conditions.
as a percentage of revenue, depreciation and amortization decreased in 2014 and 2013 as a result of the benefit of higher average restaurant sales on a partially fixed-cost base.
the 2014 effective tax rate decreased by 1.1% from 2013 due to a decrease in the state tax rate and filing the 2013 tax returns, which included a change in the estimate of usable employer credits.
the 2013 effective tax rate decreased by 0.6% from 2012 due primarily to certain federal tax credits that were extended in 2013, for both 2013 and 2012, which benefited the rate by 1.1%. this decrease was partially offset by non-recurring adjustments related to state income taxes.
we estimate our 2015 annual effective tax rate will be 39.0%, increasing from 2014 due to the expiration of certain federal tax credits.
quarterly financial data/seasonality the following table presents data from the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income for each of the eight quarters in the period ended december 31, 2014. the operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results for any subsequent quarter.
seasonal factors cause our profitability to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. historically, our average daily restaurant sales and net income are lower in the first and fourth quarters due, in part, to the holiday season and because fewer people eat out during periods of inclement weather (the winter months) than during periods of mild or warm weather (the spring, summer and fall months). other factors also have a seasonal effect on our results. for example, restaurants located near colleges and universities generally do more business during the academic year. seasonal factors, however, might be moderated or outweighed by other factors that may influence our quarterly results, such as fluctuations in food or packaging costs or the timing of menu price increases. the number of trading days in a quarter can also affect our results. overall, on an annual basis, changes in trading dates do not have a significant impact on our results.
our quarterly results are also affected by other factors such as the amount and timing of non-cash stock-based compensation expense, the number of new restaurants opened in a quarter and unanticipated events. new restaurants typically have lower margins following opening as a result of the expenses associated with opening new restaurants and their operating inefficiencies in the months immediately following opening. in addition, unanticipated events also impact our results. accordingly, results for a particular quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year.
liquidity and capital resources our primary liquidity and capital requirements are for new restaurant construction, working capital and general corporate needs. we have a cash and short-term investment balance of $758.1 million that we expect to utilize, along with cash flow from operations, to provide capital to support the growth of our business (primarily through opening restaurants), to repurchase additional shares of our common stock subject to market conditions (including up to $102.2 million in repurchases under programs authorized as of december 31, 2014 and an additional $100 million program announced on february 3, 2015), to maintain our existing restaurants and for general corporate purposes. we also have a long term investments balance of $496.1 million, which consists of u.s. treasury notes and certificate of deposit products with maturities of 13 months to approximately 2 years. we believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future.
we haven’t required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards and because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of various fresh ingredients. in addition, we generally have the right to pay for the purchase of food, beverage and supplies some time after the receipt of those items, generally within ten days, thereby reducing the need for incremental working capital to support our growth.
while operations continue to provide cash, our primary use of cash is in new restaurant development. our total capital expenditures for 2014 were $252.6 million, which included the purchase of a corporate aircraft for a total cost of approximately $24 million; the majority of that amount was paid during 2014. we expect to incur capital expenditures of about $235 million in 2015, of which about $180 million relates to our construction of new restaurants before any reductions for landlord reimbursements, and the remainder primarily relates to restaurant reinvestments. in 2014, for chipotle restaurants in the u.s., we spent on average about $843,000 in development and construction costs per restaurant, net of landlord reimbursements of approximately $60,000, and for all restaurants including international locations we spent on average about $849,000, net of landlord reimbursements of approximately $66,000. for new restaurants to be opened in 2015, we anticipate average development costs will slightly decrease due primarily to the mix of locations and categories.
(1)                      we enter into various purchase obligations in the ordinary course of business. those that are binding primarily relate to amounts owed for orders related to produce and other ingredients and supplies, construction contractor and subcontractor agreements, orders submitted for equipment for restaurants under construction, and marketing initiatives and corporate sponsorships.
we’re obligated under non-cancelable leases for our restaurants and administrative offices. our leases generally have initial terms of either five to ten years with two or more five-year extensions, for end-cap and in-line restaurants, or 15 to 20 years with several five-year extensions, for free-standing restaurants. our leases generally require us to pay a proportionate share of real estate taxes, insurance, common charges and other operating costs. some restaurant leases provide for contingent rental payments based on sales thresholds, although we generally do not expect to pay significant contingent rent on these properties based on the thresholds in those leases.
inflation the primary areas of our operations affected by inflation are food, healthcare costs, labor, fuel, utility costs, materials used in the construction of our restaurants, and insurance. although almost all of our crew members make more than the federal and applicable state and local minimum wage, increases in the applicable federal or state minimum wage may have an impact on our labor costs. additionally, many of our leases require us to pay taxes, maintenance, utilities and insurance, all of which are generally subject to inflationary increases. inflationary increases have increased our food, beverage, and packaging costs as a percentage of revenue for the past three years. these increases have been partially offset with menu price increases.
critical accounting estimates we describe our significant accounting policies in note 1 of our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. “financial statements and supplementary data.” critical accounting estimates are those that we believe are both significant and that require us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because we need to estimate the effect of inherently uncertain matters. we base our estimates and judgments on historical experiences and various other factors that we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. actual results may differ from these estimates, and we might obtain different estimates if we used different assumptions or factors. we believe the following critical accounting estimates affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements:
on a straight-line basis over the reasonably assured lease term. the majority of our leasehold improvements are also depreciated over the reasonably assured lease term. if the estimate of our reasonably assured lease term was changed, our depreciation and rent expense could differ materially.
stock-based compensation we recognize compensation expense for equity awards over the vesting period based on the award’s fair value. we use the black-scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of our stock-only stock appreciation rights, or sosars, which requires assumptions to be made regarding our stock price volatility, the expected life of the award and expected dividend rates. the volatility assumption was based on our historical data and implied volatility, and the expected life assumptions were based on our historical data. similarly, the compensation expense of performance share awards and sosars with performance-based vesting conditions is based in part on the estimated probability of our achieving levels of performance associated with particular levels of payout for performance shares and with vesting for performance sosars. we determine the probability of achievement of future levels of performance by comparing the relevant performance level with our internal estimates of future performance. those estimates are based on a number of assumptions, and different assumptions may have resulted in different conclusions regarding the probability of our achieving future levels of performance relevant to the payout levels for the awards. had we arrived at different assumptions of stock price volatility or expected lives of our sosars, or different assumptions regarding the probability of our achieving future levels of performance with respect to performance share awards and performance sosars, our stock-based compensation expense and results of operations could have been different.
insurance liability we maintain various insurance policies for workers’ compensation, general liability and auto damage with varying deductibles as high as $1 million, and for property which generally has a $1.5 million deductible. we are self insured for employee health but have third party insurance coverage to limit exposure to these claims. we record a liability that represents our estimated cost of claims incurred and unpaid as of the balance sheet date. our estimated liability is not discounted and is based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical trends, actuarial assumptions and economic conditions, and is closely monitored and adjusted when warranted by changing circumstances. in addition, our history of claims experience is short and our significant growth rate could affect the accuracy of estimates based on historical experience. should a greater amount of claims occur compared to what was estimated or medical costs increase beyond what was expected, our accrued liabilities might not be sufficient and additional expenses may be recorded. actual claims experience could also be more favorable than estimated, which would result in expense reductions. unanticipated changes may produce materially different amounts of expense than that reported under these programs. the total estimated insurance liabilities as of december 31, 2014 were $34.0 million.
reserves/contingencies for litigation and other matters we are involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. these actions are subject to many uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcomes with any degree of certainty. consequently, we were unable to ascertain the ultimate aggregate amount of monetary liability or financial impact with respect to these matters as of december 31, 2014 and 2013. although we have recorded liabilities related to a number of legal actions, our estimates used to determine the amount of these liabilities may not be accurate, and there are other legal actions for which we have not recorded a liability. as a result, in the event legal actions for which we have not accrued a liability or for which our accrued liabilities are not accurate are resolved, such resolution may affect our operating results and cash flows.