item 1a.    risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. these risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. our separate section above, "cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information," should be considered in addition to the following statements.
a sustained slowdown or significant downturn in our markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
the u.s. economy began to improve in 2014, although many international markets continued to struggle. if the global economy or some of our significant markets encounter a sustained slowdown; depending upon the length, duration and severity of such a slowdown, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow would almost certainly be materially adversely affected. specifically, our revenues would likely decrease, we may be forced to consider further restructuring actions, we may need to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, our days sales outstanding may increase and we could experience impairments to assets of certain of our businesses.
unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world could adversely affect our business.
our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emission and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, the european union, state regulatory agencies (such as the carb) and other regulatory agencies around the world. we have made, and will be required to continue to make, significant capital and research expenditures to comply with these emission standards. developing engines to meet numerous changing government regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. in some cases, we may be required to develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air emissions. while we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with other existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our position in the engine markets we serve. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties.in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in emerging markets are unpredictable and subject to change, or delays which could result in the products we developed or modified to comply with these standards becoming unnecessary or becoming necessary later than expected and in some cases negating our competitive advantage. this in turn can delay, diminish or eliminate the expected return on capital and research expenditures that we have invested in such products and may adversely affect our perceived competitive advantage in being an early, advanced developer of compliant engines.
our net income includes significant equity, royalty and interest income from investees that we do not directly control. for 2014, we recognized $370 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $361 million in 2013. the majority of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from our  unconsolidated north american distributors and from two of our joint ventures in china, dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. (dcec) and chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. (ccec) at december 31, 2014. our equity ownership interests in our unconsolidated north american distributors ranged from 49 percent to 50 percent at december 31, 2014. we have 50 percent equity ownership interests in dcec and ccec. as a result, although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. a significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
several of our engine customers, including paccar, volvo ab, navistar, chrysler and dcec, are truck manufacturers or oems that manufacture engines for some of their own products. despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. however, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. increased levels of oem vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or oem customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
the discovery of any significant problems with our recently-introduced engine platforms in north america could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
the epa and carb have certified all of our 2012/2013 on-highway and off-highway engines, which utilize scr technology to meet requisite emission levels. we introduced scr technology into our engine platforms in 2010. the effective performance of scr technology and the overall performance of these engine platforms impact a number of our operating segments and remain crucial to our success in north america. while these 2010 and 2013 engine platforms have performed well in the field, the discovery of any significant problems in these platforms could result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, reputational risk and brand risk, and could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
during 2014, we single sourced approximately 55 percent of the total types of parts in our product designs. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers, including capacity constraints, labor disputes, economic downturns, availability of credit, the impaired financial condition of a particular supplier, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters or acts of war or terrorism. any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and our results of operations.
our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.
our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. while we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks (notably with respect to copper, platinum and palladium), there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, while the use of commodity price hedging instruments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. as a result, higher material and commodity costs, as well as hedging these commodity costs during periods of decreasing prices, could result in declining margins.
our products may be subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. product recalls subject us to harm to our reputation, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to a known or suspected performance issue. any significant product recalls could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
failure to successfully integrate the planned acquisitions of the equity we do not already own of our partially-owned united states and canadian distributors could have an adverse impact on our realization of expected benefits to our financial condition and results of operations.
the completion of our plan to acquire all of the equity we do not already own of our partially- owned united states and canadian distributors (each, an ''acquisition,'' and collectively, the ''acquisitions''), is subject to various risks, including, among other things, our ability to realize the full extent of the incremental revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits that we expect to realize as a result of the completion of the acquisitions within the anticipated time frame, or at all; the costs that are expected to be incurred in connection with evaluating, negotiating, consummating and integrating the acquisitions; the ability of management to focus adequate time and attention on evaluating, negotiating, consummating and integrating the acquisitions; and diversion of management's attention from base strategies and objectives, both during and after the acquisition process. further, as with all merger and acquisition activity, there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate, consummate and integrate the acquisitions in accordance with our plans. those persons holding the third-party ownership of our partially-owned united states and canadian distributors may not agree to our acquisition proposals, including the terms and conditions thereof, and may claim that our proposals to exercise certain contractual rights that we have with respect to acquiring such distributors may violate applicable state franchise and distributor laws, which may prohibit, delay or otherwise adversely affect the consummation of such acquisitions on terms and conditions that are less favorable to us than we currently anticipate, or not at all.
after completion of the acquisitions, we may fail to realize the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits.
the financial success of the acquisitions will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully combine our business with the businesses of our partially-owned united states and canadian distributors, transition operations and realize the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits from such acquisitions. while we currently believe that these enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits estimates are achievable, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all. our enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits estimates also depend on our ability to execute and integrate the acquisitions in a manner that permits those benefits to be realized. if these estimates turn out to be incorrect or we are not able to execute our integration strategy successfully, the anticipated enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits, resulting from the acquisitions may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected.
specifically, issues that must be addressed in integration in order to realize the anticipated benefits and costs savings of the acquisitions include, among other things:
•   maintaining and improving management and employee engagement, morale, motivation and productivity;
•   recruiting and retaining executives and key employees;
•   retaining and strengthening relationships with existing customers and attracting new customers;
•   integrating the distribution, sales, customer service and administrative support activities among the companies;
•   integrating information technology systems, including those systems managing data security for sensitive employee, customer and vendor information, and diverse network applications across the companies;
•   managing the broadened competitive landscape, including responding to the actions taken by competitors in response to the acquisitions;
•   managing the additional business risks of businesses that we have not previously directly managed; and
•   managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations following completion of the acquisitions.
delays encountered in the process of integrating the acquisitions could negatively impact our revenues, expenses, operating results, cash flow and financial condition after completion of the acquisitions, including through the loss of current customers or suppliers. although significant benefits, such as enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow and cost savings, are expected to result from the acquisitions, there can be no assurance that we will realize any of these anticipated benefits after completion of any or all of the acquisitions.
additionally, significant costs are expected to be incurred in connection with the integration of the acquisitions. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred, including costs associated with assuming our partially-owned united states and canadian distributors' exposure to outstanding and anticipated legal claims and other liabilities. although we believe that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other synergies and efficiencies related to the integration of the acquisitions, will offset incremental integration-related costs over time, no assurances can be given that this net benefit will be achieved in the near term, or at all. in addition, the process of integrating the operations of our partially- owned united states and canadian distributors may distract management and employees from delivering against base strategies and objectives, which could negatively impact other segments of our business following the completion of the acquisitions.
furthermore, the acquisitions and the related integration efforts, could result in the departure of key managers and employees, and we may fail to identify managerial resources to fill both executive-level and lower-level managerial positions and replace key employees, including those who oversee customer relationships, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, and, prior to the completion of the acquisitions, the businesses of our partially-owned united states and canadian distributors.
the completion of the acquisitions may be subject to the receipt of certain required clearances or approvals from governmental entities that could prevent or delay their completion or impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on us.
completion of each of the acquisitions may be conditioned upon the receipt of certain governmental clearances or approvals, including, but not limited to, the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting periods under u.s. competition and trade laws with respect to such acquisitions as well as applicable state regulations and restrictions. there can be no assurance that these clearances and approvals will be obtained, and, additionally, government authorities from which these clearances and approvals are required may impose conditions on the completion of any, or all, of the acquisitions or require changes to their respective terms. if, in order to obtain any clearances or approvals required to complete any of the acquisitions, we become subject to any material conditions after completion of any of such acquisitions, our business and results of operations after completion of any of such acquisitions may be adversely affected.
we face significant competition in the markets we serve.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. we primarily compete in the market with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas and other technologies and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. we also face competitors in some emerging markets who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. there can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets. for a more complete discussion of the competitive environment in which each of our segments operates, see "operating segments" in "item 1 business."
increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth.
as our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. this has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. as these emerging market customers enter into and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers and, as a result, we may be pressured to restrict sale or support of some of our products in the areas of increased competition. in addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers.
we are exposed to, and may be adversely affected by, information technology security threats and sophisticated "cyber attacks."
we rely on our information technology systems and networks in connection with various of our business activities. some of these networks and systems are managed by third party service providers and are not under our direct control. our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. information technology security threats, including security breaches, computer malware and other "cyber attacks" are increasing in both frequency and sophistication. these threats could create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. we continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material information technology event could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business.
approximately 48 percent of our net sales for 2014 and 52 percent in 2013 were attributable to customers outside the u.s. accordingly, our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. these risks include:
•   the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the u.s.;
•   the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;
•   required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and
•   changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets.
as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. there can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in the distribution of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes to our assertions regarding permanent re-investment of our foreign earnings, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the u.s., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the u.s. we are also subject to ongoing tax audits. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws from other countries. our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the u.s. the activities of these entities may not comply with u.s. laws or business practices or our code of business conduct. violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business, and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations or financial condition. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
we face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.
we can experience capacity constraints and longer lead times for certain products in times of growing demand while we can also experience idle capacity as economies slow or demand for certain products decline. accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity have been, and will continue to be, important factors in determining our results of operations. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase manufacturing capacity to a level that meets demand for our products, which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and could harm our business. however, if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized assets and we may experience reduced margins. if we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our business is exposed to risks of product liability claims.
we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results or is alleged to result in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. we may experience material product liability losses in the future. while we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. in addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. an unsuccessful defense of a significant product liability claim could have a material adverse effect upon us. in addition, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.
we may need to write off significant investments in our new north american light-duty diesel engine platform if customer commitments deteriorate.
we began development of a new north american light-duty diesel engine platform in july 2006 to be used in a variety of on- and off-highway applications. since that time, and as of december 31, 2014, we have capitalized investments of approximately $251 million. market uncertainty due to the global recession resulted in some customers delaying or cancelling their vehicle programs, while others remained active. we reached an agreement to supply nissan motor co. ltd. with our light-duty diesel engine beginning in 2015, however, if customer expectations or volume projections deteriorate from our current expected levels and we do not identify new customers, we may need to recognize an impairment charge.
our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. while we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. we are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. if a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. in addition, since our financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations. while we customarily enter into financial transactions that attempt to address these risks and many of our supply agreements with customers include foreign currency exchange rate adjustment provisions, there can be no assurance that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. we also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation.
we are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.
the level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. high energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. the relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. if these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case.
significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. we could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets.significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. depending upon the severity of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the u.s. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.
as of december 31, 2014, we employed approximately 54,600 persons worldwide. approximately 17,680 of our employees worldwide are represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2015 and 2019. while we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. in addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. work stoppages or slow-downs experienced by our customers or suppliers could result in slow-downs or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
our financial statements are subject to changes in accounting standards that could adversely impact our profitability or financial position.
our financial statements are subject to the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (gaap), which are periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the financial accounting standards board. recently, accounting standard setters issued new guidance which further interprets or seeks to revise accounting pronouncements related to revenue recognition and lease accounting as well as to issue new standards expanding disclosures. the impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but not yet implemented is disclosed in our annual and quarterly reports on form 10-k and form 10-q. an assessment of proposed standards is not provided, as such proposals are subject to change through the exposure process and, therefore, their effects on our financial statements cannot be meaningfully assessed. it is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on the reported results of operations and financial position.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to those financial statements. our md&a is presented in the following sections:
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   contractual obligations and other commercial commitments
•   application of critical accounting estimates
•   recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements executive summary and financial highlights we are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products, including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems and electric power generation systems. we sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (oems), distributors and other customers worldwide. we have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including paccar inc, daimler trucks north america, chrysler group, llc (chrysler), volvo ab, komatsu, navistar international corporation, aggreko plc, ford motor company and man nutzfahrzeuge ag. we serve our customers through a network of approximately 600 company-owned and independent distributor locations and approximately 7,200 dealer locations in more than 190 countries and territories.
our reportable operating segments consist of the following: engine, distribution, components and power generation. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. the engine segment produces engines and parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various industrial markets. our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, mining, agriculture, marine, oil and gas, rail and military equipment. the distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various oems throughout the world. the components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers and fuel systems. the power generation segment is an integrated provider of power systems, which sells engines, generator sets and alternators.
our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. our sales may also be impacted by oem inventory levels and production schedules and stoppages. economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. as a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. as part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as china, brazil, india, mexico, russia and countries in the middle east and africa. at the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results.
owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012. these increases were partially offset by the reduced demand in the north american power generation markets primarily due to lower military sales. amid the continued international economic uncertainty in 2014, our international revenues remained flat compared to 2013. international revenues increased in the components segment, especially the emission solutions business in western europe and china due to additional content as the result of new emission regulations, while the distribution segment revenues improved due to demand growth in africa and asia pacific. these increases were offset by decreased international on-highway demand with decreased shipments of 7 percent and 11 percent in the heavy-duty and medium-duty truck markets, respectively, and decreased demand in international power generation markets.
the following table contains sales and ebit (defined as earnings before interest expense, taxes and noncontrolling interests) results by operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. refer to the section titled "operating segment results" for a more detailed discussion of net sales and ebit by operating segment including the reconciliation of segment ebit to income before income taxes.
in millions                            sales                        ebit               sales                ebit                    sales             ebit engine                           $10,962                57         %          $1,225             $10,013                58         %           $1,041             9    %         18    %
"nm" - not meaningful information net income attributable to cummins inc. for 2014 was $1,651 million, or $9.02 per diluted share, on sales of $19.2 billion, compared to 2013 net income attributable to cummins inc. of $1,483 million, or $7.91 per diluted share, on sales of $17.3 billion. the increase in net income and earnings per share was driven by improved gross margin, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses. the improved gross margin was the result of higher volumes, improved distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012, lower material and commodity costs and favorable mix, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. diluted earnings per share for 2014 benefited $0.16 from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program.
we generated $2.3 billion of operating cash flows in 2014, compared to $2.1 billion in 2013. refer to the section titled "operating activities" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows.
in september 2013, we announced our intention to acquire the equity that we do not already own in most of our partially-owned united states and canadian distributors over the next three to five years. during 2014, we spent $460 million on these acquisitions and the related debt retirements. we plan to spend an additional $170 million to $210 million on north american distributor acquisitions and the related debt retirements in 2015. refer to note 2, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
during 2014, we repurchased $670 million of common stock under the 2012 board of directors authorized plan. in july 2014, our board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon the completion of the 2012 repurchase plan.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we exercised our option to extend the maturity date of our revolving credit agreement by one year from november 9, 2017, to november 9, 2018.
our debt to capital ratio (capital is defined as debt plus equity) at december 31, 2014, was 17.3 percent, compared to 18.1 percent at december 31, 2013. as of the date of filing this annual report on form 10-k, we had an 'a+' credit rating with a 'stable' outlook from standard & poor's rating services, an 'a' credit rating with a 'stable' outlook from fitch ratings and an 'a2' credit rating with a 'stable' outlook from moody's investors service, inc. in addition to our $2.4 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand, we have sufficient access to our credit facilities, if necessary, to meet currently anticipated investment and funding needs.
our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 108 percent funded at december 31, 2014. our u.s. qualified plan, which represents approximately 56 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 119 percent funded and our united kingdom (u.k.) plan was 113 percent funded. we expect to contribute $175 million to our global pension plans in 2015. we anticipate pension and other postretirement benefit cost in 2015 to increase by approximately $3 million pre-tax, or $0.01 per diluted share, when compared to 2014. the increase is due to lower discount rates and unfavorable demographics mostly offset by favorable expected return on asset performance. refer to application of critical accounting estimates within md&a and note 11, "pension and other postretirement benefits," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information concerning our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans.
2015 outlook near-term we currently expect the following positive trends in 2015:
•   we expect the new isg engine, which began production in the second quarter of 2014 with our beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. joint venture, to continue to gain market share in china in its first full year of production.
•   demand in certain european markets could remain weak due to continued political and economic uncertainty.
•   foreign currency volatility could continue to put pressure on revenue and earnings.
•   domestic and international mining markets could continue to deteriorate if commodity prices weaken.
long-term we believe that, over the longer term, there will be economic improvements in most of our current markets and that our opportunities for long-term profitable growth will continue in the future as the result of the following four macroeconomic trends that will benefit our businesses:
•   energy availability and cost issues; and
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                         370                   361                   384                    9               2     %             (23    )         (6   )%
•   distribution segment sales increased by 38 percent primarily due to the acquisitions of north american distributors.
•   power generation segment sales decreased by 4 percent mainly due to lower volumes within power products, alternators and power systems.
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 44 percent of total net sales in 2014, compared with 48 percent of total net sales in 2013.
gross margin gross margin increased by $581 million and as a percentage of sales by 0.6 percentage points as higher volumes, improved distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012, lower material and commodity costs and favorable mix, were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in australia, europe and canada).
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to higher compensation and related expenses of $118 million and increased consulting fees of $28 million. these increases were significantly impacted by the acquisition of our partially owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012. compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 10.9 percent in 2014 from 10.5 percent in 2013.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses increased primarily due to higher compensation and related expenses of $44 million, partially offset by decreased consulting expenses of $7 million and increased expense recovery of $7 million. compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 3.9 percent in 2014 from 4.1 percent in 2013. research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world and improvements in fuel economy performance.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees increased primarily due to the following:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                           $9
as we execute our plan to acquire partially-owned distributors, we expect equity earnings for our north american distributors to decrease as the earnings will be included in our consolidated results. see note 2, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
loss on write off of assets                            $(23     )              $(14     )
gain on marketable securities, net                                            14                      13
(1) see note 2, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for more details.
income tax expense our income tax rates are generally less than the 35 percent u.s. statutory income tax rate primarily because of lower taxes on foreign earnings and research tax credits. our effective tax rate for 2014 was 28.7 percent compared to 25.1 percent for 2013. the 3.6 percent increase in the effective tax rate from 2013 to 2014 is partially due to a 1.2 percent net tax benefit for one-time items in 2013 that did not repeat in 2014. these 2013 one-time items consisted primarily of the 2012 federal research tax credit that was reinstated during 2013. the additional 2.4 percent increase in tax rate from 2013 to 2014 is attributable primarily to the following unfavorable items that occurred in 2014: a tax law change in the u.k. resulting in a higher limitation on the deductibility of interest; unfavorable changes in the jurisdictional mix of pretax income; and increases in state valuation allowances.
we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2014, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $184 million. these assets included $190 million for the value of tax loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $144 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets.
we expect our 2015 effective tax rate to be 29.5 percent, excluding any discrete items that may arise. the research tax credit expired december 31, 2014, and has not yet been renewed by congress. if the research credit is reinstated during 2015, we would anticipate the 2015 effective tax rate to be reduced to 28.5 percent, consistent with the 2014 rate of 28.7 percent.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries decreased primarily due to a $23 million decline from the acquisition of the remaining interest in previously consolidated north american distributors since december 31, 2012.
net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to cummins inc. increased primarily due to higher gross margin, mainly driven by improved volumes and improved distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012. these increases were partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and a higher effective tax rate of 28.7 percent in 2014 versus 25.1 percent in 2013. diluted earnings per share for 2014 benefited $0.16 from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program.
•   components segment sales increased by 8 percent due to higher sales within the emission solutions business, mainly related to improved on-highway oem and aftermarket demand in north america, a full year of sales from hilite which was acquired in the third quarter of 2012, 2013 pre-buy activity in anticipation of the euro vi emission standards and growth in the medium-duty brazilian truck market resulting in improved aftertreatment demand.
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada) were 48 percent of total net sales in 2013, compared with 49 percent of total net sales in 2012.
gross margin gross margin decreased by $125 million and as a percentage of sales by 0.7 percentage points. the decrease in gross margin as a percentage of sales was primarily due to a decline in demand for high-horsepower engines and gensets, partially offset by improved price realization, lower material and commodity costs and the absence of 2012 restructuring charges of $29 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to incremental costs in 2013 related to the acquisition of partially owned north american distributors since june 2012. these costs primarily contributed to increased compensation and related expenses of $57 million, partially offset by lower consulting of $24 million, the absence of 2012 restructuring charges of $20 million and reduced discretionary spending. higher compensation expense was primarily due to increased headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives. compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 11.1 percent in 2013 from 11.0 percent in 2012.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses decreased primarily due to lower consulting of $30 million and decreased engineering program spending of $23 million, partially offset by increases of $52 million in compensation related expenses. higher compensation expense was primarily due to increased headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives. compensation and related expenses include salaries and fringe benefits. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 4.1 percent in 2013 from 4.2 percent in 2012.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees decreased primarily due to the following:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                         $(23             )
the decreases above were primarily due to the consolidation of the partially-owned north american distributors acquired in 2013, unfavorable warranty accruals at cummins westport, inc., an impaired equity investment within power generation and additional start-up costs at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. (heavy-duty), partially offset by increased demand at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd (light-duty) and dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd.
loss on write off of assets                            $(14     )               $(6     )
gain on marketable securities, net                                           $13                      $3
gain on sale of equity investment                                              -                      13
(1) see note 2, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for more details.
income tax expense our income tax rates are generally less than the 35 percent u.s. statutory income tax rate primarily because of lower taxes on foreign earnings and research tax credits. our effective tax rate for 2013 was 25.1 percent compared to 23.5 percent for 2012. as a result of a restructuring of our foreign operations in 2013, our 2013 effective tax rate was approximately 1 percent less than it would have been without restructuring. on january 2, 2013, the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 was signed into law and reinstated the research tax credit back to 2012. as tax law changes are accounted for in the period of enactment, we recognized a $28 million discrete tax benefit in the first quarter of 2013. we also recognized a discrete tax expense of $17 million in the first quarter which primarily related to the write-off of a deferred tax asset deemed unrecoverable. also included in 2013 was a third quarter discrete net tax expense of $7 million primarily related to u.s. federal tax return true-up adjustments and the third quarter enactment of u.k tax law changes. additionally, our effective tax rate for 2013 also included a fourth quarter discrete net tax benefit of $21 million primarily due to the release of u.s. deferred tax liabilities related to prior years unremitted income of certain indian and mexican subsidiaries now considered to be permanently reinvested, as well as adjustments to our income tax accounts principally based on our 2012 state tax return filings. our 2012 income tax provision included a one-time $134 million tax benefit which resulted from tax planning strategies and tax return elections made with respect to our u.k. operations.
we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2013, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $177 million. these assets included $187 million for the value of tax loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $101 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries increased reflecting our minority's share of higher profits of $7 million at cummins western canada lp, $6 million at wuxi cummins turbo technologies co. ltd. and $4 million due to the acquisition of a majority interest in cummins central power llc (central power) in the third quarter of 2012. the increases were partially offset by a total decrease of $8 million at cummins india ltd.
net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to cummins inc. decreased primarily due to lower gross margin as a percentage of sales, mainly driven by unfavorable product mix and lower volumes, particularly in the engine segment and power generation segment, a higher effective tax rate of 25.1 percent versus 23.5 percent in 2012, lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees, mainly due to the acquisition of the north american distributors, and higher selling, general and administrative expenses. these decreases were partially offset by lower research, development and engineering expenses. diluted earnings per share for 2013 benefited $0.06 from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program.
operating segment results our reportable operating segments, which consist of the engine, distribution, components and power generation segments, use segment ebit (defined as earnings before interest expense, taxes and noncontrolling interests) as a primary basis for the chief operating decision-maker to evaluate the performance of each of our operating segments. segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments.
the accounting policies of our operating segments are the same as those applied in our consolidated financial statements. we prepared the financial results of our operating segments on a basis that is consistent with the manner in which we internally disaggregate financial information to assist in making internal operating decisions. we have allocated certain common costs and expenses, primarily corporate functions, among segments differently than we would for stand-alone financial information prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (gaap). these include certain costs and expenses of shared services, such as information technology, human resources, legal and finance. we also do not allocate debt-related items, actuarial gains or losses, prior service costs or credits, changes in cash surrender value of corporate owned life insurance or income taxes to individual segments. segment ebit may not be consistent with measures used by other companies.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees             147                   136                   127                 11               8     %             9                7   %
segment ebit                                                 1,225                 1,041                 1,248                184              18     %          (207    )         (17   )%
percentage points                    percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales                   11.2    %             10.4    %             11.6    %                           0.8                                 (1.2   )
unit shipments by engine classification (including unit shipments to power generation) were as follows:
total unit shipments       608,100               566,200               579,400         41,900                7     %        (13,200   )           (2   )%
•   heavy-duty truck engine sales increased due to improved demand in the north american heavy-duty truck market with higher engine shipments of 29 percent.
•   light-duty automotive and rv sales increased primarily due to a 9 percent increase in units shipped to chrysler.
segment ebit engine segment ebit increased versus 2013, primarily due to higher gross margin and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees   11                                8      %                            (0.1   )
the increase in gross margin versus 2013 was primarily due to higher volumes, favorable mix, decreased material and commodity costs and improved pricing. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increased headcount and higher variable compensation expense. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to lower expense recovery, increased consulting, increased variable compensation and increased investment to support new product initiatives. the increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. (light-duty).
•   industrial market sales decreased primarily due to a 36 percent reduction in global mining shipments as a result of lower commodity prices and a 37 percent decline in engine shipments to north american oil and gas markets, partially offset by increased shipments to the western european construction markets as a result of the pre-buy activity in 2013 ahead of the tier iv emission regulations beginning in the first quarter of 2014.
segment ebit engine segment ebit decreased versus 2012, primarily due to lower gross margin, partially offset by lower research, development and engineering expenses and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees. engine segment ebit for 2012 included restructuring and other charges of $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                9          7             %      0.2
the decrease in gross margin versus 2012 was primarily due to unfavorable product mix and lower high-horsepower volumes, partially offset by improved price realization, decreased material and commodity costs and favorable foreign currency fluctuations. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower discretionary spending and the absence of restructuring charges incurred in 2012, partially offset by increased headcount. the decrease in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to lower discretionary spending in 2013, partially offset by increases in new product development spending and increased headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives. the increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. within the light-duty business and dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd., partially offset by lower earnings at beijing foton engine company, ltd. (heavy-duty) in anticipation of production in the second quarter of 2014.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees             148                   165                   188                  (17    )         (10   )%            (23    )         (12   )%
segment ebit (1)                                               491                   388                   369                  103               27   %              19                5   %
percentage points                    percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales (2)                9.5    %             10.3    %             11.3    %                             (0.8   )                             (1.0   )
(1)   segment ebit for 2014 and 2013 included gains of $73 million and $12 million, respectively, resulting from acquisitions of controlling interests in north american distributors. see note 2, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
(2)   north american distributor acquisitions will increase distribution segment ebit, however the acquisitions will be dilutive to ebit as a percentage of sales.
sales distribution segment sales increased versus 2013 primarily due to $1.2 billion of segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012, $290 million of organic sales growth primarily in north america, asia pacific, africa, europe and the middle east and $56 million of segment sales related to the acquisition of international distributors. these increases were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations and decreased demand in india.
segment ebit distribution segment ebit increased versus 2013, primarily due to the acquisitions of north american distributors, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in australia and canada), higher selling, general and administrative expenses and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees. the acquisitions resulted in gains of $73 million and $12 million for 2014 and 2013, respectively, related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing ownership interests in accordance with gaap, which were partially offset by $36 million and $14 million of amortization of intangible assets in 2014 and 2013, respectively, for acquisitions since december 31, 2012. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was the result of the acquisition of north american distributors since december 31, 2012. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees   (17           )             (10    )%            (1.5                     )
sales distribution segment sales increased versus 2012 primarily due to $507 million of incremental sales in 2013 related to the acquisition of partially-owned north american distributors since june 2012. these increases were partially offset by decreased engine product sales, primarily due to a significant slowdown in the north american oil and gas markets, and by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. excluding acquisition related sales, all other changes were relatively flat versus 2012.
segment ebit distribution segment ebit increased versus 2012, primarily due to higher gross margin as a result of the acquisition and consolidation of partially owned north american distributors in 2013. this increase was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, higher selling, general and administrative expenses and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees as a result of the acquisitions. amortization of intangible assets related to these acquisitions also negatively impacted ebit for 2013. these acquisitions resulted in a $12 million gain related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing ownership interest in 2013, compared to a $7 million gain related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing 35 percent ownership in central power in 2012. distribution segment ebit also included restructuring and other charges of $14 million in 2012. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees   (23           )             (12    )%            (1.3                     )
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              36                    28                    29                  8              29     %            (1    )         (3    )%
segment ebit                                                   684                   527                   426                157              30     %           101              24     %
percentage points                   percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales                   13.4    %             12.1    %             10.6    %                           1.3                                 1.5
segment ebit components segment ebit increased versus 2013, primarily due to higher gross margin and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees   8                                29      %                                                   0.1
the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, mainly in the emission solutions business and lower material and commodity costs, partially offset by unfavorable pricing and unfavorable foreign currency adjustments (primarily in europe). the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher headcount to support business growth. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives, partially offset by increased expense recovery.
sales components segment sales increased versus 2012 primarily due to increased sales within the emission solutions business, mainly related to the following:
•   the impact of our 2012 acquisition of hilite experienced in western europe, which resulted in $77 million of related incremental sales in 2013 compared to 2012.
•   western european pre-buy activity in anticipation of the euro vi emission standards beginning in the first quarter of 2014.
segment ebit components segment ebit increased versus 2012, primarily due to higher gross margin. components segment ebit for 2012 included restructuring and other charges of $6 million in the fourth quarter. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees               (1      )            (3   )%                              (0.1   )
the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes in the emission solutions business and lower material and commodity costs in several businesses, partially offset by increased warranty costs and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower discretionary spending in 2013, partially offset by increased compensation and variable compensation expense. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives and new product development spending, partially offset by lower consulting expenses.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              39                    32                    40                  7               22   %              (8    )         (20   )%
segment ebit                                                   168                   218                   285                (50    )         (23   )%            (67    )         (24   )%
percentage points                    percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales                    5.8    %              7.2    %              8.7    %                           (1.4   )                             (1.5   )
sales power generation segment sales decreased in all lines of business and across most markets versus 2013, primarily due to lower industrial activity. the following are the primary drivers by business:
•   power products sales decreased primarily due to lower demand in north america driven by declining military sales and lower demand in india, mexico and russia, partially offset by increases in china, africa and western europe.
operating actions power generation took multiple actions in the fourth quarter of 2014 to reduce its future cost structure. costs associated with these actions were $32 million and are primarily related to the closure of a plant in germany. we also initiated other targeted actions throughout the business including various headcount reductions to better align capacity with the current levels of demand. these actions resulted in a power generation headcount reduction of approximately 250 employees and unfavorable impacts to gross margin of $22 million, selling, general and administrative expense of $6 million and research and development expenses of $4 million. the majority of these costs were accrued as of december 31, 2014, and will be paid in 2015.
segment ebit power generation segment ebit decreased versus 2013, primarily due to lower gross margin, higher selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses, partially offset by higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees   7                       22               %   0.2
the decrease in gross margin versus 2013 was primarily due to lower volume, operating actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2014 and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in europe), partially offset by higher warranty costs and favorable mix. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses and research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to operating actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2014 and higher compensation expenses. the favorable increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was due to an $8 million impairment charge of an equity method investment in 2013.
segment ebit power generation segment ebit decreased versus 2012, primarily due to lower gross margin, partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses. power generation segment ebit for 2013 included an $8 million legal settlement and an $8 million impairment charge for the write-off of an equity method investment, while segment ebit for 2012 included restructuring and other charges of $12 million. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees      (8            )              (20   )%                              (0.1   )
the decrease in gross margin versus 2012 was due to lower volumes, partially offset by improved price realization and favorable foreign currency fluctuations. the decreases in selling, general and administrative expenses and research, development and engineering expenses were primarily due to the absence of restructuring charges incurred in the fourth quarter of 2013 and lower discretionary spending to align with slowing demand in key markets. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was due to an $8 million impairment charge of an equity method investment in 2013.
reconciliation of segment ebit to income before income taxes the table below reconciles the segment information to the corresponding amounts in the consolidated statements of income.
total segment ebit                  $2,568                $2,174                $2,328
non-segment ebit (1)                   (70    )              (14    )              (25    )
total ebit                           2,498                 2,160                 2,303
(1) includes intersegment sales and profit in inventory eliminations and unallocated corporate expenses. the year ended december 31, 2012, included a $20 million charge ($12 million after-tax) related to legal matters. the gains and losses have been excluded from segment results as they were not considered in our evaluation of operating results for the year ended december 31, 2012.
liquidity and capital resources management's assessment of liquidity our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets.
we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. we generate significant ongoing cash flow, which has been used, in part, to fund repurchases of common stock, capital expenditures, dividends on our common stock and acquisitions. cash provided by operations is our principal source of liquidity. as of december 31, 2014, other sources of liquidity included:
•   revolving credit facility with $1.73 billion available, net of letters of credit,
•   international and other domestic short-term credit facilities with $261 million available and
•   marketable securities of $93 million, of which 65 percent is located in india, 29 percent is located in the u.s., and 6 percent is located in brazil and the majority of which could be liquidated into cash within a few days.
our revolving credit agreement provides us with a $1.75 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, the proceeds of which are to be used for our general corporate purposes. in the fourth quarter of 2014, we exercised our option to extend the maturity date of our revolving credit agreement by one year from november 9, 2017, to november 9, 2018. see note 9, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for further information. the credit agreement includes one financial covenant: a leverage ratio. the required leverage ratio, which measures the sum of total debt plus securitization financing to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) for the four fiscal quarters may not exceed 3.25 to 1.0. at december 31, 2014, our leverage ratio was 0.6 to 1.0.
we have a current shelf registration filed with the securities and exchange commission under which we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units.
we believe our liquidity provides us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, capital expenditures, dividend payments, acquisitions of our north american distributors, projected pension obligations and debt service obligations. we continue to generate cash from operations in the u.s. and maintain access to $1.7 billion of our revolver as noted above.
a significant portion of our cash flow is generated outside the u.s. as of december 31, 2014, the total of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries was $1.4 billion, the vast majority of which was located in the u.k., china, singapore, belgium and india. the geographic location of our cash and marketable securities aligns well with our business growth strategy. we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. as a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our targeted expansion or operating needs with local resources.
if we distribute our foreign cash balances to the u.s. or to other foreign subsidiaries, we could be required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes. for example, we would be required to accrue and pay additional u.s. taxes if we repatriated cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we have asserted are permanently reinvested outside of the u.s. foreign earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment outside the u.s. consist primarily of earnings of our china and u.k. domiciled subsidiaries. at present, we do not foresee a need to repatriate any earnings from these subsidiaries for which we have asserted permanent reinvestment. however, to help fund cash needs of the u.s. or other international subsidiaries as they arise, we repatriate available cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are not permanently reinvested when it is cost effective to do so. earnings generated after 2011 from our china operations are considered permanently reinvested, while earnings generated prior to 2012, for which u.s. deferred tax liabilities have been recorded, are expected to be repatriated in future years.
the maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt does not require significant cash outflows in the intermediate term. required annual principal payments range from $11 million to $28 million over each of the next five years.
working capital summary we fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings when necessary. various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. as a result, working capital is a prime focus of management attention.
marketable securities                                                       93                 150                 (57     )         (38   )%
current maturity of long-term debt, accounts and loans payable           1,990               1,625                 365                22   %
accrued compensation, benefits and retirement costs                        508                 433                  75                17   %
current liabilities                                                      4,021               3,368                 653                19   %
working capital                                                         $5,034              $5,271
current assets increased 5 percent compared to 2013, primarily due to increases in inventories and accounts and notes receivable principally due to the acquisitions of north american distributors in 2014. the increases were partially offset by a decrease in cash and marketable securities, primarily due to lower proceeds from borrowings and $670 million of share repurchases in 2014.
current liabilities increased 19 percent compared to 2013, primarily due to an increase in trade accounts payable and an increase in other accrued expenses.
operating activities years ended december 31,                                            change in millions                                                                    2014                  2013                  2012            2014 vs. 2013            2013 vs. 2012
equity in income of investees, net of dividends                           (100    )              (62    )              (15    )               (38      )               (47      )
other post-retirement benefits payments in excess of expense               (27    )              (25    )              (21    )                (2      )                (4      )
translation and hedging activities                                         (13    )               17                     -                    (30      )                17
changes in current assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions accounts and notes receivable                                              (89    )             (148    )               87                     59                     (235      )
changes in other liabilities and deferred revenue                          282                   211                   214                     71                       (3      )
net cash provided by operating activites                                $2,266                $2,089                $1,532                   $177                     $557
net cash provided by operating activities increased versus 2013 primarily due to higher consolidated net income and favorable working capital fluctuations, partially offset by unfavorable deferred income taxes and higher pension contributions in excess of expense. during 2014, the lower working capital resulted in a cash inflow of $68 million compared to a cash outflow of $65 million in 2013. this change of $133 million was primarily driven by an increase in accrued expenses and accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in other current assets and inventories in 2014, versus the comparable period in 2013. the increase in accrued expenses was primarily due to higher income taxes payable, while the change in other current assets was largely due to the receipt of an income tax refund in 2013.
pensions the funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. in 2014, the investment return on our u.s. pension trust was 13.3 percent while our u.k. pension trust return was 16.8 percent. approximately 78 percent of our pension plan assets are held in highly liquid investments such as fixed income and equity securities. the remaining 22 percent of our plan assets are held in less liquid, but market valued investments, including real estate, private equity and insurance contracts. we made $205 million of pension contributions in 2014, including $111 million of voluntary contributions. claims and premiums for other postretirement benefits approximated $45 million, net of reimbursements, in 2014. these contributions and payments include transfers from our funds either to increase pension plan assets or to make direct payments to plan participants. we anticipate making total contributions of $175 million to our defined benefit pension plans in 2015. expected contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2015 will meet or exceed the current funding requirements.
net cash provided by operating activities increased versus 2012 primarily due to favorable working capital fluctuations, partially offset by lower consolidated net income and lower dividends received from equity investees. during 2013, the net increase in working capital resulted in a cash outflow of $65 million compared to a cash outflow of $775 million in 2012. this change of $710 million was primarily driven by an increase in accounts payable due to timing differences, lower net tax payments of $311 million due to the receipt of income tax refunds in 2013, which were partially offset by tax payments, and a smaller decrease in accrued expenses, partially offset by an increase in accounts and notes receivable in 2013 as a result of higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2013 versus 2012.
investing activities years ended december 31,                                            change in millions                                                          2014                2013                2012            2014 vs. 2013            2013 vs. 2012
capital expenditures                                           $(743    )          $(676    )          $(690    )              $(67      )               $14
investments in and advances to equity investees                  (60    )            (42    )            (70    )               (18      )                28
acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired                (436    )           (147    )           (215    )              (289      )                68
investments in marketable securities-acquisitions               (275    )           (418    )           (561    )               143                      143
investments in marketable securities-liquidations                336                 525                 585                   (189      )               (60      )
net cash used in investing activities                        $(1,234    )          $(846    )          $(982    )             $(388      )              $136
net cash used in investing activities increased versus 2013 primarily due to higher cash investment for the acquisition of businesses in 2014 and higher capital expenditures, partially offset by reduced purchases of corporate owned life insurance.
in 2014, we spent $436 million, net of cash acquired, on acquisitions of businesses in the distribution segment. we plan to spend an additional $170 million to $210 million on north american distributor acquisitions and related debt retirements in 2015.
capital expenditures were $743 million in 2014 compared to $676 million in 2013. despite the challenging international economies, we continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. we plan to spend between $750 million and $850 million in 2015 as we continue with product launches, facility improvements and prepare for future emission standards. approximately 50 percent of our capital expenditures are expected to be invested outside of the u.s. in 2015.
net cash used in investing activities decreased versus 2012 primarily due to lower net investments in marketable securities, lower cash investments in acquisitions of businesses and lower investments in and advances to equity investees, partially offset by purchases of corporate owned life insurance.
financing activities years ended december 31,                                       change in millions                                            2014                                2013                2012        2014 vs. 2013           2013 vs. 2012
payments on borrowings and capital lease obligations             (94    )              (90    )           (145    )            (4      )   55
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities          $(1,343    )              $52               $(694    )       $(1,395      )             $746
net cash used in financing activities increased versus 2013 primarily due to lower proceeds from borrowings. in september 2013, we issued $1 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes consisting of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.65% senior unsecured notes due in 2023 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior unsecured notes due in 2043. net proceeds from the issuance were $979 million.
our total debt was $1.7 billion at december 31, 2014, compared with $1.7 billion at december 31, 2013. total debt as a percent of our total capital (total capital defined as debt plus equity) was 17.3 percent at december 31, 2014, compared with 18.1 percent at december 31, 2013.
net cash provided by financing activities increased versus 2012 primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of senior notes and lower payments on borrowings and capital lease obligations, partially offset by higher repurchases of common stock and higher dividend payments.
our total debt was $1.7 billion as of december 31, 2013, compared with $775 million as of december 31, 2012. total debt as a percent of our total capital was 18.1 percent at december 31, 2013, compared with 10.0 percent at december 31, 2012.
in millions (except per share amounts)for each quarter ended         sharespurchased              average costper share             total cost ofrepurchases            remainingauthorizedcapacity (1)
(1) the remaining authorized capacity is calculated based on the cost to purchase the shares, but excludes commission expenses according to the board of directors authorization.
in july 2014, our board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon the completion of the 2012 repurchase plan.
quarterly dividends total dividends paid to common shareholders in 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $512 million, $420 million and $340 million respectively. declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by our board of directors, who meet quarterly to consider our dividend payment. we expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations.
credit ratings a number of our contractual obligations and financing agreements, such as our revolving credit facility, have restrictive covenants and/or pricing modifications that may be triggered in the event of downward revisions to our corporate credit rating. there were no downgrades of our credit ratings in 2014 that have impacted these covenants or pricing modifications. in december 2014, moody's investors service, inc. raised our rating to 'a2' and confirmed our outlook as stable. in october 2014, fitch ratings reaffirmed our rating and outlook. in august 2014, standard & poor's ratings services raised our rating to 'a+' and confirmed our outlook as stable.
credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. in addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. our ratings and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below.
credit rating agency                    senior l-tdebt rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's rating services   a+                      stable fitch ratings                           a                       stable moody's investors service, inc.         a2                      stable contractual obligations and other commercial commitments a summary of payments due for our contractual obligations and commercial commitments, as of december 31, 2014, is as follows:
long-term debt and capital lease obligations(1)             121                 225                   194             3,010                     3,550
capital expenditures                                        218                  53                     -             -                           271
purchase commitments for inventory                          644                   -                     -             -                           644
other purchase commitments                                  378                  85                    16                    11                   490
other postretirement benefits                                40                  74                    64                   230                   408
the contractual obligations reported above exclude our unrecognized tax benefits of $174 million as of december 31, 2014. we are not able to reasonably estimate the period in which cash outflows relating to uncertain tax contingencies could occur. see note 4, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements for further details.
our other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2014, are as follows other commercial commitments in millions                                                              2015            2016-2017   2018-2019            after 2019                 total standby letters of credit under revolving credit agreements           $23                 $1         $-                   $-                       $24
international and other domestic letters of credit                     46                 30         -                 7                            83
guarantees, indemnifications and other commitments                      4                  1         -                    -                          5
application of critical accounting estimates a summary of our significant accounting policies is included in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of our consolidated financial statements which discusses accounting policies that we have selected from acceptable alternatives.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap which often requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. in any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our critical accounting estimates include those addressing the estimation of liabilities for warranty programs, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits.
warranty programs we estimate and record a liability for base warranty programs at the time our products are sold. our estimates are based on historical experience and reflect management's best estimates of expected costs at the time products are sold and subsequent adjustment to those expected costs when actual costs differ. as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable, which generally occurs when it is announced. our warranty liability is generally affected by component failure rates, repair costs and the point of failure within the product life cycle. future events and circumstances related to these factors could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to our liability. new product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. product specific experience is typically available four or five quarters after product launch, with a clear experience trend evident eight quarters after launch. we generally record warranty expense for new products upon shipment using a preceding product's warranty history and a multiplicative factor based upon preceding similar product experience and new product assessment until sufficient new product data is available for warranty estimation. we then use a blend of actual new product experience and preceding product historical experience for several subsequent quarters, and new product specific experience thereafter. note 10, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for 2014 and 2013 including adjustments to pre-existing warranties.
accounting for income taxes we determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. future tax benefits of tax loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2014, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $184 million. these assets included $190 million for the value of tax loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $144 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets. in addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions we have taken and we believe we have made adequate provision for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. a more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our tax loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in note 4, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements.
pension benefits we sponsor a number of pension plans primarily in the u.s. and the u.k. and to a lesser degree in various other countries. in the u.s. and the u.k. we have several major defined benefit plans that are separately funded. we account for our pension programs in accordance with employers' accounting for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans under gaap. gaap requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined using an actuarial basis. as a result, our pension benefit programs are based on a number of statistical and judgmental assumptions that attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans each year at december 31. these assumptions include discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, future compensation increases, employee turnover rates, actuarial assumptions relating to retirement age, mortality rates and participant withdrawals. the actuarial assumptions we use may differ significantly from actual results due to changing economic conditions, participant life span and withdrawal rates. these differences may result in a material impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the future.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is used in calculating the net periodic pension cost. we considered several factors in developing our expected rate of return on plan assets. the long-term rate of return considers historical returns and expected returns on current and projected asset allocations and is generally applied to a five-year average market value of return. projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded fixed income and equity indices and forward-looking estimates of active portfolio and investment management. as of december 31, 2014, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.s. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 10-year projection period equal to or in excess of 7.5 percent approximately 20 percent of the time while returns of 8.0 percent or greater are anticipated 15 percent of the time. we expect additional positive returns from active investment management. the 2014 one-year return of 13.3 percent, combined with the very favorable returns since 2010, has resulted in approximately $470 million of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income over the past five years. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations, we believe an investment return assumption of 7.5 percent per year in 2015 for u.s. pension assets is reasonable.
the methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the u.k. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations. as of december 31, 2014, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.k. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 20-year projection period equal to or in excess of 5.2 percent approximately 50 percent of the time while returns of 6.1 percent or greater are anticipated 25 percent of the time. we expect additional positive returns from active investment management. the one-year return for our u.k. plan was 16.8 percent for 2014, and similar to our u.s. plan, the strong returns over the past five years have resulted in approximately $285 million of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income. our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. therefore, the risk and return balance of our asset portfolio should reflect a long-term horizon. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations, we believe an investment return assumption of 5.8 percent in 2015 for u.k. pension assets is reasonable. our pension plan asset allocations at december 31, 2014 and 2013 and target allocation for 2015 are as follows:
equity securities                 22.0          %            22.9          %                  30.5          %            25.5          %            32.0          %                  39.5          %
a lower expected rate of return will increase our net periodic pension cost and reduce profitability.
gaap for pensions offers various acceptable alternatives to account for the differences that eventually arise between the estimates used in the actuarial valuations and the actual results. it is acceptable to delay or immediately recognize these differences. under the delayed recognition alternative, changes in pension obligation (including those resulting from plan amendments) and changes in the value of assets set aside to meet those obligations are not recognized in net periodic pension cost as they occur but are recognized initially in comprehensive income and subsequently amortized as components of net periodic pension cost systematically and gradually over future periods. in addition to this approach, gaap also allows immediate recognition of actuarial gains or losses. immediate recognition introduces volatility in financial results. we have chosen to delay recognition and amortize actuarial differences over future periods. if we adopted the immediate recognition approach, we would record a loss of $897 million ($614 million after-tax) from cumulative actuarial net losses for our u.s. and u.k. pension plans.
the difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred from recognition in our results of operations and, under certain circumstances such as when the difference exceeds 10 percent of the market value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation (pbo), amortized over future years of service. this is also true of changes to actuarial assumptions. as of december 31, 2014, we had net pension actuarial losses of $611 million and $286 million for the u.s. and u.k. pension plans, respectively. under gaap, the actuarial gains and losses are recognized and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. net actuarial losses decreased our shareholders' equity by $78 million (after-tax) in 2014. the losses were due to liability losses from lower u.s. and u.k. discount rates, partially offset by improved plan asset performance for both the u.s. and u.k. plans. as these amounts exceed 10 percent of our pbo, the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of participating employees.
we expect 2015 net periodic pension cost to remain flat when compared to 2014, due to lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k. and unfavorable mortality demographics in the u.s., offset by favorable expected return on asset performance in both the u.s. and u.k. the decrease in periodic pension cost in 2014 compared to 2013 was due to reduced loss amortizations resulting from improved u.s. asset performance and a higher discount rate. the increase in periodic pension cost in 2013 compared to 2012 was due to unfavorable impacts of higher service cost due to increased headcount, decreased discount rates and lower expected asset returns for our u.k. plan as we de-risk plan trust assets moving toward more conservative investments. another key assumption used in the development of the net periodic pension cost is the discount rate. the weighted average discount rates used to develop our net periodic pension cost are set forth in the table below.
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. the guidelines for setting this rate are discussed in gaap which suggests the use of a high-quality corporate bond rate. we used bond information provided by moody's investor services, inc. and standard & poor's rating services. all bonds used to develop our hypothetical portfolio in the u.s. and u.k. were deemed high-quality, non-callable bonds (aa or better) as of december 31, 2014, by at least one of the bond rating agencies. the average yield of this hypothetical bond portfolio was used as the benchmark for determining the discount rate to be used to value the obligations of the plans subject to gaap for pensions and other postretirement benefits.
our model called for projected payments until near extinction for the u.s. and the u.k. for both countries, our model matches the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments to the market value of the theoretical settlement bond portfolio. a single equivalent discount rate is determined to align the present value of the required cash flow with the value of the bond portfolio. the resulting discount rate is reflective of both the current interest rate environment and the plan's distinct liability characteristics.
discount rate used to value liabilities
the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time. a higher discount rate decreases the plan obligations and decreases our net periodic pension cost. a lower discount rate increases the plan obligations and increases our net periodic pension cost. it should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. note 11, "pension and other postretirement benefits," to our consolidated financial statements provides a summary of our pension benefit plan activity, the funded status of our plans and the amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements.
recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements accounting pronouncements recently adopted in february 2013, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) amended its standards on comprehensive income by requiring disclosure in the footnotes of information about amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. specifically, the amendment requires disclosure of the line items on net income in which the item was reclassified only if it is reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. the new rules became effective for us beginning january 1, 2013 and were adopted prospectively in accordance with the standard. the standard resulted in new disclosures in note 15, "accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)."
accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective in may 2014, the fasb amended its standards related to revenue recognition. this amendment replaces all existing revenue recognition guidance and provides a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers. the standard contains principles that we will apply to determine the measurement of revenue and timing of when it is recognized. the underlying principle is that we will recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. the standard allows either full or modified retrospective adoption. early adoption is not permitted. the guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. other major provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of time value of money in the transaction price and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. the amendment also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. the new rules will become effective for annual and interim periods beginning january 1, 2017. we are in the process of evaluating the impact the amendment will have on our consolidated financial statements, and we are further considering the impact of each method of adoption.