item 1a.    risk factors the following discussion describes certain risk factors that we believe could affect our business and prospects. these risk factors are in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this report.
intense competition as well as industry consolidations may erode our profit margins.
the distribution of pharmaceuticals and related healthcare solutions is highly competitive. we compete with two national wholesale distributors of pharmaceuticals, mckesson and cardinal; regional and local distributors of pharmaceuticals; national generic distributors; chain drugstores that warehouse their own pharmaceuticals; manufacturers that distribute their products directly to customers; specialty distributors; and re-packaging and healthcare technology companies (see "competition" on page 5). if we were forced by competition to reduce our prices or offer more favorable payment or other terms, our results of operations or liquidity could be adversely affected. in addition, in recent years, the healthcare industry has been subject to increasing consolidation. if this trend continues among our customers and suppliers, it could give the resulting enterprises greater bargaining power, which may lead to greater pressure to reduce prices for our products and services.
certain distribution service agreements that we have entered into with branded and generic pharmaceutical manufacturers continue to have an inflation-based compensation component to them. arrangements with a small number of branded manufacturers continue to be solely inflation-based. as a result, our gross profit from brand-name and generic manufacturers continues to be subject to fluctuation based upon the timing and extent of manufacturer price increases. if the frequency or rate of branded and generic pharmaceutical price increases slows, our results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, generic pharmaceuticals are also subject to price deflation. if the frequency or rate of generic pharmaceutical price deflation accelerates, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
declining economic conditions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our operations and performance depend on economic conditions in the united states and other countries where we do business. deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers and, therefore, reduce purchases by our customers, which would negatively affect our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our profitability. interest rate fluctuations, financial market volatility or credit market disruptions may also negatively affect our customers' ability to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms. reduced purchases by our customers or changes in payment terms could adversely affect our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our cash flow from operations. bankruptcies or similar events affecting our customers may cause us to incur bad debt expense at levels higher than historically experienced. declining economic conditions may also increase our costs. if the economic conditions in the united states or in the countries where we do business do not improve or deteriorate, our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
our stock price and our ability to access credit markets may be adversely affected by financial market volatility and disruption.
the capital and credit markets could experience significant volatility and disruption. if the markets experience significant disruption and volatility in the future, there can be no assurance that we will not experience downward movement in our stock price without regard to our financial condition or results of operations or an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access credit generally, and on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
our results of operations may suffer upon the bankruptcy, insolvency or other credit failure of a significant supplier.
our relationships with pharmaceutical suppliers, including generic pharmaceutical manufacturers, give rise to substantial amounts that are due to us from the suppliers, including amounts owed to us for returned goods or defective goods, chargebacks, and amounts due to us for services provided to the suppliers. volatility of the capital and credit markets, general economic conditions, and regulatory changes may adversely affect the solvency or creditworthiness of our suppliers. the bankruptcy, insolvency or other credit failure of any supplier at a time when the supplier has a substantial account payable balance due to us could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our revenue and results of operations may suffer upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of a significant customer.
most of our customers buy pharmaceuticals and other products and services from us on credit. credit is made available to customers based on our assessment and analysis of creditworthiness. although we often try to obtain a security interest in assets and other arrangements intended to protect our credit exposure, we generally are either subordinated to the position of the primary lenders to our customers or substantially unsecured. volatility of the capital and credit markets, general economic conditions, and regulatory changes, including changes in reimbursement, may adversely affect the solvency or creditworthiness of our customers. the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of any customer that has a substantial amount owed to us could have a material adverse effect on our operating revenue and results of operations. at september 30, 2014, our two largest trade receivable balances due from customers represented approximately 42% and 13% of accounts receivable, net.
walgreens co. ("walgreens") accounted for 28% of our revenue in fiscal 2014. express scripts accounted for 18% of our revenue in fiscal 2014. our top ten customers, including governmental agencies, represented approximately 58% of fiscal 2014 revenue. we also have contracts with group purchasing organizations ("gpos"), each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of its members, who are hospitals, pharmacies or other healthcare providers. approximately 8% of our revenue in fiscal 2014 was derived from our three largest gpo relationships. we may lose a significant customer or gpo relationship if any existing contract with such customer or gpo expires without being extended, renewed, renegotiated or replaced or is terminated by the customer or gpo prior to expiration, to the extent such early termination is permitted by the contract. a number of our contracts with significant customers or gpos are typically subject to expiration each year and we may lose any of these customers or gpo relationships if we are unable to extend, renew, renegotiate or replace the contracts. the loss of any significant customer or gpo relationship could adversely affect our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows.
in connection with our strategic relationship with walgreens and alliance boots, we entered into a framework agreement with walgreens and alliance boots, dated as of march 18, 2013 (the "framework agreement"), pursuant to which (i) walgreens and alliance boots together were granted the right to purchase a minority equity position in amerisourcebergen, beginning with the right, but not the obligation, to purchase up to 19,859,795 shares of our common stock (approximately 7% of our common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the date of issuance, assuming the exercise in full of the warrants described below) in open market transactions, with the right to designate up to two members of our board of directors upon achieving specified ownership levels; (ii) walgreens pharmacy strategies, llc, a wholly owned subsidiary of walgreens, was issued (a) a warrant to purchase up to 11,348,456 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $51.50 per share exercisable during a six-month period beginning in march 2016, and (b) a warrant to purchase up to 11,348,456 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $52.50 per share exercisable during a six-month period beginning in march 2017; and (iii) alliance boots luxembourg s.à.r.l., a wholly owned subsidiary of alliance boots, was issued (a) a warrant to purchase up to 11,348,456 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $51.50 per share exercisable during a six-month period beginning in march 2016 and (b) a warrant to purchase up to 11,348,456 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $52.50 per share exercisable during a six-month period beginning in march 2017 (collectively, the "warrants"). the warrants collectively represent approximately 16% of our common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the date of issuance, assuming exercise in full of the warrants. the number of shares which may be purchased in the open market is subject to increase in certain circumstances if the market price of our common stock is less than the exercise price of the first tranche of warrants when those warrants are exercisable in 2016. in such event, the incremental number of shares purchased in the open market would reduce share-for-share the number of shares exercisable pursuant to the first tranche of warrants.
future issuances of shares of our common stock upon exercise of the warrants will dilute the ownership interests of our then-existing stockholders. in addition, the dilutive effect of the warrants will be reflected in our diluted earnings per share during the period that the warrants are outstanding. a decrease in our diluted earnings per share could, in turn, adversely affect the market value of our common stock. in addition, any sales in the public market of any common stock acquired pursuant to open market purchases by walgreens and alliance boots or issuable upon the exercise of the warrants could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock.
a disruption in our relationship with walgreens could adversely affect our business and financial results.
in march 2013, we entered into a ten-year distribution agreement with walgreens to act as its primary wholesale distribution source with respect to branded and generic prescription drugs. beginning september 1, 2013, we became the supplier of walgreens' branded prescription drugs. in fiscal year 2014, we began to distribute to walgreens generic pharmaceutical products. as of september 30, 2014, we are walgreens' primary distributor of branded and generic pharmaceuticals. if walgreens' operations are seriously disrupted for any reason, whether by natural disaster, labor disruption, regulatory or governmental action, or otherwise, it could adversely affect our business and our sales and profitability. if our operations are seriously disrupted for any reason, we may have an obligation to pay or credit walgreens for failure to supply products. in addition, upon the expiration or termination of the agreement, there can be no assurance that we or walgreens will be willing to renew the agreement or enter into a new agreement, on terms favorable to us or at all.
in addition, our business may be adversely affected by any operational, financial or regulatory difficulties that walgreens experiences, including any disruptions of certain of walgreens' existing distribution facilities or retail pharmacies resulting from ongoing inspections by the dea and/or state regulatory agencies and possible revocation of the controlled substance registrations for those facilities and pharmacies.
the anticipated strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with walgreens may not be realized.
we entered into the arrangement with walgreens and alliance boots with the expectation that the transactions contemplated thereby would result in various benefits including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies, innovation and sharing of best practices. the processes and initiatives needed to achieve these potential benefits are complex, costly and time-consuming. many of the anticipated benefits and expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the present time. achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangement is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including: the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations, processes or initiatives, or the inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits, including improved generic drug pricing and terms, improved service fees from generic manufacturers, cost savings, innovations, or other benefits resulting from participation in walgreens boots alliance development, gmbh, a global sourcing joint venture between walgreens and alliance boots, due to the inability of the joint venture to negotiate successfully with generic manufacturers or otherwise to perform as expected; the potential disruption of our plans and operations as a result of this strategic arrangement, including any disruption of our cash flow and ability to return value to our stockholders in accordance with our past practices and any reduction in our operational, strategic or financial flexibility; the potential changes in supplier and customer relationships and terms; unexpected or unforeseen costs, fees, expenses and charges incurred by us related to the transaction or the overall strategic relationship; and whether the unique corporate cultures of separate organizations will work collaboratively in an efficient and effective manner.
in addition, walgreens and alliance boots have the right, but not the obligation, under the transactions contemplated by the framework and shareholder agreements to invest in our common stock. we could also encounter unforeseen costs, circumstances, or issues existing or arising with respect to the transactions and collaboration we anticipate resulting from the framework and shareholder agreements. many of these potential circumstances are outside of our control and any of them could result in increased costs, decreased revenue, decreased benefits and the diversion of management time and attention. if we are unable to achieve our objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the expected benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and the price of our common stock.
increasing governmental efforts to regulate the pharmaceutical supply channel may increase our costs and reduce our profitability.
the healthcare industry in the united states is highly regulated at the federal and state levels. there have been increasing efforts by congress and state and federal agencies, including state boards of pharmacy and departments of health and the fda, to regulate the pharmaceutical distribution system in order to prevent the introduction of counterfeit, adulterated, and/or mislabeled drugs into the pharmaceutical distribution system ("pedigree tracking"). consequently, we are subject to the risk of changes in various federal and state laws, which include operating and security standards of the dea, the fda, various state boards of pharmacy and comparable agencies.
at the federal level, final regulations issued pursuant to the prescription drug marketing act became effective in december 2006. the fda regulations impose pedigree tracking and other chain of custody requirements that increase the costs and/or burden to us of selling to other pharmaceutical distributors and handling product returns. in addition, the fda amendments act of 2007 requires the fda to establish standards and identify and validate effective technologies for the purpose of securing the pharmaceutical supply chain against counterfeit drugs. these standards may include track-and-trace and/or authentication technologies that leverage data carriers applied by the manufacturer to the sellable units and cases. the fda is also required to develop a standardized numerical identifier ("sni"). in march 2010, fda issued guidance regarding the development of snis for prescription drug packages in which the fda identified package-level snis, as an initial step in the fda's development of additional measures to secure the drug supply chain. in november 2013, congress passed the drug quality and security act ("dqsa"). the dqsa establishes federal pedigree tracking standards requiring drugs to be labeled and tracked at the lot level, preempts state drug pedigree requirements, and will eventually require all supply-chain stakeholders to participate in an electronic, interoperable prescription drug track and trace system.
complying with these pedigree tracking and other supply chain custody requirements will increase our costs and could otherwise significantly affect our results of operations.
the suspension or revocation by the united states drug enforcement administration ("dea") of any of the registrations that must be in effect for our distribution facilities to purchase, store and distribute controlled substances or the refusal by the dea to issue a registration to any such facility that requires such registration may adversely affect our reputation, our business and our results of operations.
the dea, fda, and various other federal and state regulatory authorities regulate the distribution of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances. we are required to hold valid dea and state-level licenses, meet various security and operating standards and comply with the controlled substances act and its accompanying regulations governing the sale, marketing, packaging, holding and distribution of controlled substances. government authorities may from time to time investigate whether we are in compliance with various security and operating standards applicable to the distribution of controlled substances including whether we are adequately detecting and preventing the illegal diversion of controlled substances. we have received, and may in the future receive, requests for information and subpoenas from the dea, various united states attorneys' offices of the united states department of justice, and/or state regulatory agencies related to our distribution of controlled substances or our order monitoring program, which is designed to prevent or detect the illegal diversion of controlled substances. we generally respond to such subpoenas and requests in a thorough and timely manner. these responses sometimes require time and effort and can result in considerable costs being incurred by the company. such subpoenas and requests also can lead to the assertion of claims or the commencement of civil, criminal, or regulatory legal proceedings against the company, as well as to settlements, which can be material.
the dea, fda and other federal and state regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers, including the ability to suspend our distribution centers' licenses to distribute pharmaceutical products (including controlled substances), seize or recall products and impose significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations.
both our business and our customers' businesses may be adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals and/or medical treatments or services or changing the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined. additionally, on occasion, price increases on certain branded and generic pharmaceuticals have been the subject of u.s. congressional inquiries. any regulation impacting pharmaceutical pricing could adversely affect our operations.
the affordable care act changed the formula for medicaid federal upper limits for multiple source drugs available for purchase by retail community pharmacies on a nationwide basis to a limit of not less than 175% of the weighted average manufacturer price ("amp"). the centers for medicare & medicaid services ("cms") has released for review and comment a draft federal upper limit methodology and draft federal upper limits determined by using that methodology. while the draft federal upper limit prices released to date would represent a significant reduction from the federal upper limits currently in place, the impact of the cms methodology cannot be determined until finalized. any reduction in the medicaid reimbursement rates to our customers for certain multisource pharmaceuticals may indirectly impact the prices that we can charge our customers for multisource pharmaceuticals and cause corresponding declines in our profitability.
the affordable care act also amends the medicaid rebate statute to increase minimum medicaid rebates paid by pharmaceutical manufacturers and make other changes affecting medicaid rebate amounts. the affordable care act's redefinition of amp is expected to result, in most instances, in a higher amp. this higher amp, coupled with the higher minimum medicaid rebate percentage, is expected to result in increased medicaid rebate payments by pharmaceutical manufacturers, which could indirectly impact our business. cms issued proposed regulations to implement the affordable care act's provisions regarding medicaid rebates and medicaid reimbursement to pharmacies, but the regulations have not been finalized to date. we are currently assessing the potential impact of these provisions on our business. the federal government and state governments could take other actions in the future that impact medicaid reimbursement and rebate amounts. for example, a number of states have announced plans to use average acquisition cost to reimburse pharmacies for the cost of drugs. there can be no assurance that recent or future changes in prescription drug reimbursement policies will not have an adverse impact on our business. unless we are able to develop plans to mitigate the potential impact of these legislative and regulatory changes, these changes in reimbursement and related reporting requirements could adversely affect our results of operations.
cms has been conducting a national survey of pharmacies to create a national database of average actual pharmacy acquisition costs, the results of which states may use to determine state-specific pharmaceutical reimbursement rates. cms uses pharmacies' invoiced drug acquisition costs as reported in the surveys to calculate the national average drug acquisition cost ("nadac"). cms has begun posting final nadac files, which are updated on a weekly and monthly basis to reflect survey results. there can be no assurances that state pharmaceutical rates derived from this new survey data will not result in lower medicaid reimbursement levels or lead to other payers reducing their reimbursement levels that could adversely impact our business.
the medicare prescription drug improvement and modernization act of 2003 significantly expanded medicare coverage for outpatient prescription drugs through the medicare part d program. the part d plan program has increased the use of pharmaceuticals in the supply channel, which has a positive impact on our revenues and profitability. there have been additional changes to the part d program since its enactment. notably, the affordable care act provides additional assistance to beneficiaries who reach the part d "coverage gap" (including a manufacturer discount program), mandates additional medication therapy management services and reduces part d subsidies for certain high-income beneficiaries. cms continues to issue regulations and other guidance to implement these statutory changes and further refine medicare part d program rules. there can be no assurances that recent and future changes to the part d program will not have an adverse impact on our business.
the federal government may adopt measures in the future that would further reduce medicare and/or medicaid spending or impose additional requirements on health care entities. for instance, under the terms of the budget control act of 2011 automatic federal spending cuts, known as sequestration, went into effect as a result of congressional failure to adopt legislation meeting federal deficit reduction targets. under this policy, a 2% cut is being made to medicare provider and plan payments, generally effective for services provided on or after april 1, 2013. any future reductions in medicare reimbursement rates could negatively impact our customers' businesses and their ability to continue to purchase such drugs from us. at this time, we can provide no assurances that future medicare and/or medicaid payment or policy changes, if adopted, would not have an adverse effect on our business.
absg sells specialty drugs directly to physicians and community oncology practices and provides a number of services to or through physicians. drugs that are administered in a physician's office, such as drugs that are infused or injected, are typically covered under medicare part b. declining reimbursement rates for medicare part b drugs and other
economic factors have caused a number of physician practices, including some of our customers, to move from private practice to hospital settings, where they may purchase their specialty drugs under hospital prime vendor arrangements rather than from specialty distributors like absg. this trend may continue due to various factors, including legislative and regulatory requirements that affect how cms calculates average sales price for medicare part b drugs, as well as expansion and regulation of the public health services 340b drug discount program. federal changes in drug reimbursement policy could continue to reduce medicare reimbursement rates for some part b drugs, which could accelerate the trend of physician practices moving to or being acquired by hospitals, and could also indirectly impact the prices we can charge our customers for pharmaceuticals and result in corresponding declines in absg's profitability. any future reductions in the rate of reimbursement for drugs covered under medicare part b or physician services under medicare could negatively impact our customers' businesses and their ability to continue to purchase such drugs from us. at this time, we can provide no assurances that future medicare reimbursement or policy changes, if adopted, would not have an adverse effect on our business.
changes to the united states healthcare environment may negatively impact our business and our profitability.
our products and services are intended to function within the structure of the healthcare financing and reimbursement system currently existing in the united states. in recent years, the healthcare industry has undergone significant changes in an effort to reduce costs and government spending. these changes include an increased reliance on managed care; cuts in certain medicare funding affecting our healthcare provider customer base; consolidation of competitors, suppliers and customers; and the development of large, sophisticated purchasing groups. we expect the healthcare industry to continue to change significantly in the future. some of these potential changes, such as a reduction in governmental funding at the state or federal level for certain healthcare services or adverse changes in legislation or regulations governing prescription drug pricing, healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause healthcare industry participants to reduce the amount of our products and services they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for our products and services. we expect continued government and private payor pressure to reduce pharmaceutical pricing. changes in pharmaceutical manufacturers' pricing or distribution policies could also significantly reduce our profitability.
if we fail to comply with laws and regulations in respect of healthcare fraud and abuse, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations.
we are subject to extensive and frequently changing federal and state laws and regulations relating to healthcare fraud and abuse. the federal government continues to strengthen its scrutiny of practices potentially involving healthcare fraud affecting medicare, medicaid and other government healthcare programs. our relationships with healthcare providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers subject our business to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse which, among other things, (i) prohibit persons from soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration in order to induce the referral of a patient for treatment or the ordering or purchasing of items or services that are in any way paid for by medicare, medicaid or other government-sponsored healthcare programs and (ii) impose a number of restrictions upon referring physicians and providers of designated health services under medicare and medicaid programs. legislative provisions relating to healthcare fraud and abuse give federal enforcement personnel substantially increased funding, powers and remedies to pursue suspected fraud and abuse, and these enforcement authorities were further expanded by the affordable care act. while we believe that we are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, many of the regulations applicable to us, including those relating to marketing incentives offered in connection with pharmaceutical sales, are vague or indefinite and have not been interpreted by the courts. they may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations. if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties, including the loss of licenses or our ability to participate in medicare, medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs.
our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by qui tam litigation.
violations of various federal and state laws governing the marketing, sale and purchase of pharmaceutical products can result in criminal, civil, and administrative liability for which there can be significant financial damages, criminal and civil penalties, and possible exclusion from participation in federal and state health programs. among other things, such violations can form the basis for qui tam complaints to be filed. the qui tam provisions of the federal and various state civil false claims acts authorize a private person, known as a relator, to file civil actions under these statutes on behalf of the federal and state governments. under false claims acts, the filing of a qui tam complaint by a relator imposes obligations on government authorities to investigate the allegations and determine whether or not to intervene in the action. such cases may involve allegations around the marketing, sale, purchase, and/or dispensing of branded and/or generic pharmaceutical products and wrongdoing in the marketing, sale, purchase and/or dispensing of such products. such complaints are filed under seal and remain sealed until the applicable court orders otherwise. our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if qui tam complaints are filed against us for alleged violations of any health laws
and regulations and damages arising from resultant false claims, if government authorities decide to intervene in any such matters and/or if we are found liable for all or any portion of violations alleged in any such matters.
the company has learned that there are filings in one or more federal district courts, including a qui tam complaint filed by one of our former employees, that are under seal and may involve allegations against the company (and/or subsidiaries or businesses of the company, including our group purchasing organization for oncologists and our oncology distribution business) relating to its distribution of certain pharmaceutical products to providers. with regard to any of these filings, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if government authorities decide to intervene in any such pending cases and/or we are found liable for all or any portion of violations alleged in any such pending cases.
our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if we undertake acquisitions of businesses that do not perform as we expect or that are difficult for us to integrate.
we expect to continue to execute our growth strategy, in part, by acquiring companies. at any particular time, we may be in various stages of assessment, discussion and negotiation with regard to one or more potential acquisitions, not all of which will be consummated. we make public disclosure of pending and completed acquisitions when appropriate and required by applicable securities laws and regulations.
acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties. if we complete one or more acquisitions, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: the failure of the acquired businesses to achieve the results we have projected in either the near or long term; the assumption of unknown liabilities; the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are not properly estimated; the difficulties of imposing adequate financial and operating controls on the acquired companies and their management and the potential liabilities that might arise pending the imposition of adequate controls; the difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired companies; and the failure to achieve the strategic objectives of these acquisitions.
our results of operations and our financial condition may be adversely affected by our global operations.
our operations in jurisdictions outside of the united states are subject to various risks inherent in global operations. we currently have operations in over 50 countries worldwide. we may consider additional foreign acquisitions in the future, which may carry operational risks in addition to the risks of acquisition (as described above). at any particular time, our global operations may be affected by local political changes and local economic environments, including inflation, recession, currency volatility, and competition. the realization of any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations.
violations of anti-bribery, anti-corruption and/or international trade laws to which we are subject could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations.
we are subject to laws concerning our business operations and marketing activities in foreign countries where we conduct business. for example, we are subject to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), u.s. export control and trade sanction laws, and similar anti-corruption and international trade laws in certain foreign countries, such as the u.k. bribery act, any violation of which could create substantial liability for us and also cause a loss of reputation in the market. the fcpa generally prohibits u.s. companies and their officers, directors, employees, and intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. the fcpa also requires that u.s. public companies maintain books and records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. if we are found to have violated the fcpa, we may face sanctions including civil and criminal fines, disgorgement of profits, and suspension or debarment of our ability to contract with government agencies or receive export licenses. from time to time, we may face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our international business activities, compliance with which could be costly and time-consuming, and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. an adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject us to fines or other penalties, which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations.
risks generally associated with our sophisticated information systems may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. our business and
information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber attacks. a failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, increase our costs and/or cause losses. as a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.
risks generally associated with data privacy regulation and the international transfer of personal data.
we are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data privacy regulations both in the united states and beyond that regulate the collection, use and transfer of personal data, including particularly the transfer of personal data between or among countries. many of these foreign data privacy regulations are more stringent than those in the united states. we may also face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. an adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject us to fines or other penalties. that or other circumstances related to our collection, use and transfer of personal data could cause a loss of reputation in the market and/or adversely affect our business and financial position.
tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are a large corporation with operations in the united states and select global markets. as such, we are subject to tax laws and regulations of the united states federal, state and local governments and of various foreign jurisdictions. from time to time, various legislative initiatives, such as the repeal of last-in, first-out ("lifo"), treatment, may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions and/or our tax liabilities. there can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. we believe that our historical tax positions are consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and existing precedent. in addition, united states federal, state and local, as well as foreign, tax laws and regulations, are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. there can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge.
natural disasters or other unexpected events may disrupt our operations and may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other forms of severe weather in the u.s. or in other countries in which we operate or are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. natural disasters, power outages or other unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products, delay in the delivery of products to our distribution centers and/or disruption of our ability to deliver products to customers. existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for all of the costs that may arise from such events, particularly if such events are catastrophic in nature or occur in combination. any long-term disruption in our ability to service our customers from one or more distribution centers could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained herein.
abdc distributes a comprehensive offering of brand-name and generic pharmaceuticals (including specialty pharmaceutical products), over-the-counter healthcare products, home healthcare supplies and equipment, and related services to a wide variety of healthcare providers, including acute care hospitals and health systems, independent and chain retail pharmacies, mail order pharmacies, medical clinics, long-term care and other alternate site pharmacies, and other customers. abdc also provides pharmacy management, staffing and other consulting services; scalable automated pharmacy dispensing equipment; medication and supply dispensing cabinets; and supply management software to a variety of retail and institutional healthcare providers. additionally, abdc delivers packaging solutions to institutional and retail healthcare providers.
absg, through a number of operating businesses, provides pharmaceutical distribution and other services to physicians who specialize in a variety of disease states, especially oncology, and to other healthcare providers, including hospitals and dialysis clinics. absg also distributes plasma and other blood products, injectible pharmaceuticals, vaccines, and other specialty products. additionally, absg provides third party logistics and outcomes research, and other services for biotechnology and other pharmaceutical manufacturers.
our use of the term "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" refers to drugs used to treat complex diseases, such as cancer, diabetes, and multiple sclerosis. specialty pharmaceutical products are part of complex treatment regimens for serious conditions and diseases that generally require ongoing clinical monitoring. we believe the terms "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" are used consistently by industry participants and our competitors. however, we cannot be certain that other distributors of specialty products define these and other similar terms in exactly the same manner as we do.
both abdc and absg distribute specialty drugs to their customers, with the principal difference between these two operating segments being that absg operates distribution facilities that focus primarily on complex disease treatment regimens. therefore, a product distributed from one of absg's distribution facilities results in revenue reported under absg, and a product distributed from one of abdc's distribution centers results in revenue reported under abdc. essentially all of absg sales consist of specialty pharmaceutical products. abdc sales of specialty pharmaceutical products have historically been a relatively small component of its overall revenue.
abcs, through a number of operating businesses, provides commercialization support services including reimbursement support programs, outcomes research, contract field staffing, patient assistance and co-pay assistance programs, adherence programs, risk mitigation services, and other market access programs to pharmaceutical and biotechnology manufacturers. world courier, which operates in over 50 countries, is a leading global specialty transportation and logistics provider for the biopharmaceutical industry.
results of operations year ended september 30, 2014 compared with year ended september 30, 2013
we currently expect our revenue in fiscal 2015 to increase between 7% and 8%. our expected growth rate is driven in part by a full year of generic drug distribution to walgreens, which was phased in during fiscal 2014. our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors such as industry growth trends, including the introduction of new innovative brand therapies, the likely increase in the number of generic drugs that will be available over the next few years as a result of the expiration of certain drug patents held by brand-name pharmaceutical manufacturers, general economic conditions in the united states, competition within the industry, customer consolidation, changes in pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing and distribution policies and practices, increased downward pressure on government and other third party reimbursement rates to our customers, and changes in federal government rules and regulations.
pharmaceutical distribution segment the pharmaceutical distribution segment grew its revenue by 36.4% from the prior fiscal year. intrasegment revenues between abdc and absg have been eliminated in the presentation of total pharmaceutical distribution revenue. these revenues primarily consisted of absg sales directly to abdc customer sites or absg sales to abdc's facilities. total intrasegment revenues were $4.2 billion and $3.4 billion in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
abdc's revenue of $101.9 billion increased 42.0% from the prior fiscal year (before intrasegment eliminations). the increase in abdc's revenue was primarily due to increased sales to walgreens of $25.0 billion in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014, and increased sales (including new hepatitis c drugs) to some of our other larger customers.
absg's revenue of $19.6 billion increased 11.1% from the prior fiscal year (before intrasegment eliminations) primarily due to increased sales of certain specialty products and growth in its blood products, vaccine, and specialty distribution businesses. the specialty distribution business continues to benefit from sales of an ophthalmology drug.
a portion of absg's revenue is generated from the distribution of pharmaceuticals to physicians who specialize in a variety of disease states, especially oncology. under federal sequestration legislation, medicare physician reimbursement rates for part b drugs were reduced on april 1, 2013. community oncologists and other specialty physicians that administer drugs under medicare part b continue to be impacted by lower reimbursement rates for specialty pharmaceutical drugs. as a result, some physician practices continue to consider consolidating or selling their businesses to hospitals. while we service the needs of many hospitals, the continuing shift in this service channel has reduced oncology revenue. (refer to item 1a.  risk factors, in this report, for a more detailed description of this business risk.) absg's business may continue to be adversely impacted in the future by changes in medical guidelines and the medicare reimbursement rates for certain pharmaceuticals, especially oncology drugs administered by physicians. since absg provides a number of services to or through physicians, any changes affecting this service channel could result in additional revenue reductions.
a number of our contracts with customers or group purchasing organizations ("gpos") are typically subject to expiration each year. we may lose a significant customer or gpo relationship if any existing contract with such customer or gpo expires without being extended, renewed, or replaced. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014, no significant contracts expired. over the next twelve months, only one significant contract is scheduled to expire. our contract with express scripts, inc. ("express scripts") expires in september 2015. however, it is subject to an automatic one year renewal at the election of express scripts. express scripts accounted for 18% of our revenue in fiscal 2014. our revenue, results or operations, and cash flows will be negatively impacted if the express scripts contract is not renewed or the terms of the renewed contract are less favorable than the existing contract.
other revenue in other increased 17.3% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to our distribution business within abcs, which benefited from the launch of two new products in the middle of the prior fiscal year. increased revenue from world courier also contributed to the fiscal 2014 revenue growth.
gross profit
gains on antitrust litigation settlements                 24,436                 22,883
gross profit                                    $2,982,366             $2,507,819                 18.9%
gross profit increased 18.9%, or $474.5 million, from the prior fiscal year.
pharmaceutical distribution gross profit increased 21.9%, or $498.4 million, from the prior fiscal year. this increase was primarily due to the higher brand and generic sales volume to walgreens, brand and generic price appreciation, and the growth of our non-community oncology specialty distribution businesses. gross profit in fiscal 2014 also benefited from income resulting from our participation in the walgreens and alliance boots procurement joint venture. as a percentage of revenue, pharmaceutical distribution gross profit margin of 2.36% in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 decreased 28 basis points from the prior fiscal year. the pharmaceutical distribution gross profit margin decline was primarily due to a significant increase in lower margin business with walgreens and some of our other larger customers and competitive pressures on customer margins.
gross profit in other increased 9.3%, or $45.7 million, from the prior fiscal year. the increase in gross profit was primarily due to improved gross margin in world courier and higher revenue in abcs' distribution business. as a percentage of revenue, gross profit margin in other of 21.84% decreased from 23.43% in the prior fiscal year. this decrease was primarily due to an increase in abcs' distribution revenue, which has a lower gross profit margin in comparison to other businesses within other. these decreases were offset, in part, by increases in the gross profit margin of world courier.
we recognized gains of $24.4 million and $22.9 million from antitrust litigation settlements with pharmaceutical manufacturers during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the gains were recorded as reductions to cost of goods sold. we are unable to estimate future gains, if any, that we will recognize as a result of antitrust litigation settlements (see note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
our cost of goods sold includes a last-in, first-out ("lifo") provision that is affected by changes in inventory quantities, product mix, and manufacturer pricing practices, which may be impacted by market and other external influences, many of which are difficult to predict. we recorded lifo expense of $348.1 million and $277.0 million in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
employee severance, litigation and other                 8,192                23,467
distribution, selling and administrative expense increased 19.0%, or $253.5 million, from the prior fiscal year, primarily due to the on-boarding of our distribution agreement with walgreens. more specifically, expenses related to payroll, information technology, and delivery were higher in the current fiscal year.
depreciation expense increased from the prior fiscal year due to an increase in the amount of capital projects being depreciated. amortization expense was comparable to the prior fiscal year.
warrant expense was $422.7 million and $90.1 million in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the warrants were issued in march 2013 in connection with the agreements and arrangements that define our strategic relationship with walgreens and alliance boots. future warrant expense could fluctuate significantly. refer to the critical accounting policies and estimates  warrants on page 33 for a more detailed description of the accounting for the warrants.
employee severance, litigation and other for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 included $6.3 million of deal-related transaction costs and $1.9 million of employee severance and other costs. employee severance, litigation and other for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 included $23.0 million of deal-related transaction costs (primarily related to professional fees with respect to the walgreens and alliance boots transaction) and $0.5 million of employee severance and facility closure costs.
gains on antitrust litigation settlements                     24,436                  22,883
acquisition related intangibles amortization                 (23,167   )             (24,387   )
employee severance, litigation and other                      (8,192   )             (23,467   )
segment operating income is evaluated before gains on antitrust litigation settlements; lifo expense; acquisition related intangibles amortization; warrant expense and employee severance, litigation and other.
pharmaceutical distribution operating income increased 21.0%, or $243.6 million, from the prior fiscal year due to the increase in gross profit, offset in part by the increase in operating expenses. as a percentage of revenue, pharmaceutical distribution operating income margin declined 15 basis points from the prior fiscal year due to a significant increase in lower margin business with walgreens and some of our other larger customers.
operating income in other increased 17.6%, or $22.5 million, primarily due to the increase in gross profit of world courier.
interest expense, net increased 4.0%, or $3.0 million, from the prior fiscal year due to an increase of $261.3 million in fixed rate average borrowings, due to the may 2014 issuance of our $600 million, 1.15% senior notes and our $500 million, 3.40% senior notes, offset in part by the repayment of our $500 million, 5.875% senior notes in june 2014. in addition, variable rate average borrowings increased $88.1 million to fund seasonal working capital needs and the on-boarding of the walgreens business.
our interest expense in future periods may vary significantly depending upon changes in net borrowings, interest rates, amendments to our current borrowing facilities, and strategic decisions to deploy our invested cash.
during fiscal 2014, we recorded a $33.0 million loss resulting from the early retirement of our $500 million, 5.875% senior notes due september 2015 (see liquidity and capital resources).
year ended september 30, 2013 compared with year ended september 30, 2012
pharmaceutical distribution segment the pharmaceutical distribution segment grew its revenue by 12.2% from the prior fiscal year. intrasegment revenues between abdc and absg have been eliminated in the presentation of total pharmaceutical distribution
revenue. these revenues primarily consisted of absg sales directly to abdc customer sites or absg sales to abdc's facilities. total intrasegment revenues were $3.4 billion and $2.6 billion in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
abdc's revenue of $71.8 billion increased 14.1% from the prior fiscal year (before intrasegment eliminations). the increase in abdc's revenue was primarily due to increased sales to express scripts of $7.5 billion and walgreens of $2.9 billion in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013. the increased sales were offset in part by the loss of a food and drug retail group purchasing organization ("gpo") customer, which resulted in a $1.7 billion decrease in revenue in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013. additionally, revenue was favorably impacted by an increase in brand-name pharmaceutical prices and was unfavorably impacted by an increase in the use of lower priced generic pharmaceuticals. the increased use of generic pharmaceuticals was the result of over 30 brand to generic conversions in fiscal 2012.
absg's revenue of $17.6 billion in fiscal 2013 increased 7.6% from the prior fiscal year (before intrasegment eliminations) primarily due to the growth in its blood products, vaccine, and physician office distribution businesses, and its third party logistics business. the physician office distribution business benefitted from increased sales of an ophthalmology drug in fiscal 2013. absg's revenue growth was partially offset by a decline in sales to community oncology practices.
gross profit
gains on antitrust litigation settlements                 22,883                14,813
gross profit                                    $2,507,819             $2,634,686                -4.8%
gross profit decreased 4.8%, or approximately $126.9 million, from the prior fiscal year.
pharmaceutical distribution gross profit decreased 2.2%, or approximately $50.4 million, from the prior fiscal year. this decrease was primarily due to the lower gross profit related to the express scripts contract, the loss of a food and drug retail gpo customer, the lower number of generic launches, and the reduced contribution from sales of certain specialty oncology drugs. this decrease was offset, in part, by stronger price appreciation related to generic drugs and the growth of our non-oncology specialty distribution businesses. as a percentage of revenue, pharmaceutical distribution gross profit margin of 2.64% in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 decreased 39 basis points from the prior fiscal year. the pharmaceutical distribution gross profit margin decline in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 was primarily due to lower gross profit margin related to the current express scripts contract, the loss of a food and drug retail gpo customer, and competitive pressures on customer margins.
gross profit in other increased by $191.8 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013. the increase in gross profit was primarily due to the $161.3 million incremental contributions made by our fiscal 2012 acquisition of world courier. as a percentage of revenue, gross profit margin in other of 23.43% in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 increased from 18.87% in the prior fiscal year. this increase was primarily due to the gross profit contributions from our fiscal 2012 acquisition of world courier.
in fiscal 2013, we recognized a gain of $22.9 million from antitrust litigation settlements with pharmaceutical manufacturers, in comparison to a gain of $14.8 million in the prior fiscal year. these gains were recorded as reductions to cost of goods sold.
our cost of goods sold includes a last-in, first-out ("lifo") provision that is affected by changes in inventory quantities, product mix, and manufacturer pricing practices, which may be impacted by market and other external influences. due to the additional branded inventory that we were required to purchase to service the walgreens contract, approximately $1.3 billion, and the impact the branded inventory had on our annual inflation index, as well as higher brand drug price inflation and lower generic drug price deflation, we recorded a lifo charge of $277.0 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013.
employee severance, litigation and other                23,467               44,140            -46.8%
distribution, selling and administrative expense in fiscal 2013 increased 15.7%, or approximately $181.2 million, from the prior fiscal year, primarily due to the incremental operating costs of our fiscal 2012 acquisition of world courier and additional costs to support the on-boarding of our distribution agreement with walgreens.
depreciation expense increased from the prior fiscal year due to our fiscal 2012 acquisition of world courier and due to an increase in capital projects. amortization expense increased from the prior fiscal year due to our fiscal 2012 acquisition of world courier.
employee severance, litigation and other for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 included $23.0 million of deal-related transaction costs (primarily related to professional fees with respect to the walgreens and alliance boots transaction) and $0.5 million of employee severance and facility closure costs.
in fiscal 2012, we introduced a number of initiatives, some of which were made possible as a result of efficiencies gained through our erp implementation, to improve our operating efficiency across many of our businesses and certain administrative functions. in connection with these initiatives, we recorded $33.0 million of employee severance and other related costs. other costs included an estimated $10.3 million liability to exit our participation in a multi-employer pension plan resulting from a abdc distribution facility closure in fiscal 2013. in addition, we incurred $11.1 million of deal-related transaction costs in connection with business combinations.
as a percentage of revenue, operating expenses were 1.83% in fiscal 2013, an increase of 13 basis points from the prior fiscal year. this increase was primarily due to the warrant expense and the addition of our fiscal 2012 world courier acquisition, which has higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. for the pharmaceutical distribution segment, as a percentage of revenue, operating expenses were down 10 basis points from the prior fiscal year.
gains on antitrust litigation settlements                     22,883                  14,813
acquisition related intangibles amortization                 (24,387   )             (18,454   )
employee severance, litigation and other                     (23,467   )             (44,140   )
segment operating income is evaluated before gains on antitrust litigation settlements; lifo expense; acquisition related intangibles amortization; warrant expense; and employee severance, litigation and other.
operating income in other increased $30.4 million from the prior fiscal year due to the incremental contribution made by our fiscal 2012 world courier acquisition and an increase in operating income from our abcs businesses.
income from continuing operations of $493.4 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 decreased 35.2% from the prior fiscal year. diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.10 in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 decreased 29.1% from $2.96 in the prior fiscal year. excluding the fiscal 2013 lifo charge and warrant expense, the percentage difference between the change in diluted earnings per share and the change in income from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 was due to the 8.4% reduction in weighted average common shares outstanding, primarily from purchases of our common stock in connection with our stock repurchase program (see liquidity and capital resources), net of the impact of stock option exercises.
critical accounting policies and estimates critical accounting policies are those policies which involve accounting estimates and assumptions that can have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations and require the use of complex and subjective estimates based upon past experience and management's judgment. actual results may differ from these estimates due to uncertainties inherent in such estimates. below are those policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are the most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. for a complete list of significant accounting policies, see note 1 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve for customer sales returns trade receivables are primarily comprised of amounts owed to us for our pharmaceutical distribution and services activities and are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and a reserve for customer sales returns. our customer sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if the products can be resold at full value or returned to suppliers for full credit. we record an accrual for estimated customer sales returns at the time of sale to the customer based upon historical customer return trends.
in determining the appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts, we consider a combination of factors, such as the aging of trade receivables, industry trends, and our customers' financial strength, credit standing, and payment and default history. changes in the aforementioned factors, among others, may lead to adjustments in our allowance for doubtful accounts. the calculation of the required allowance requires judgment by our management as to the impact of these and other factors on the ultimate realization of our trade receivables. each of our business units performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition and maintains reserves for probable bad debt losses based on historical experience and for specific credit problems when they arise. we write off balances against the reserves when collectability is deemed remote. each business unit performs formal documented reviews of the allowance at least quarterly and our largest business units perform such reviews monthly. there were no significant changes to this process during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014, 2013, and 2012 and bad debt expense was computed in a consistent manner during these periods. the bad debt expense for any period presented is equal to the changes in the period end allowance for doubtful accounts, net of write-offs, recoveries and other adjustments. schedule ii of this form 10-k sets forth a rollforward of the allowance for doubtful accounts.
supplier reserves we establish reserves against amounts due from our suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. these reserve estimates are established based on the judgment of management after carefully considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available to us. we evaluate the amounts due from our suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. an increase or decrease of 0.1% in the 2014 supplier reserve balances as a percentage of trade payables would result in an increase or decrease in cost of goods sold by approximately $15.6 million. the ultimate outcome of any outstanding claim may be different from our estimate.
loss contingencies in the ordinary course of business, we become involved in lawsuits, administrative proceedings, government subpoenas, and government investigations, including antitrust, commercial, environmental, product liability, intellectual property, regulatory, employment discrimination, and other matters. significant damages or penalties may be sought in some matters, and some matters may require years to resolve. we record a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. we also perform an assessment of the materiality of loss contingencies where a loss is either not probable or it is reasonably possible that a loss could be incurred in excess of amounts accrued. if a loss or an additional loss has at least a reasonable possibility of occurring and the impact on the financial statements would be material, we provide disclosure of the loss contingency in the footnotes to our financial statements. we review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or the range of the loss can be made.
merchandise inventories inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. cost for approximately 84% and 83% of our inventories at september 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively, has been determined using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method. if we had used the first-in, first-out ("fifo") method of inventory valuation, which approximates current replacement cost, inventories would have been approximately $881.8 million and $533.7 million higher than the amounts reported at september 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we recorded a lifo charge of $348.1 million, $277.0 million, and $0.7 million in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 respectively. the annual lifo provision is affected by changes in inventory quantities, product mix, and manufacturer pricing practices, which may be impacted by market and other external influences, many of which are difficult to predict.
equity investments we use the equity method of accounting for our investments in entities in which we have significant influence; generally, this represents an ownership interest of between 20% and 50%. unrealized losses that are determined to be other-than-temporary impairment losses are recorded as a component of earnings in the period in which that determination is made.
business combinations the purchase price of an acquired company, including the fair value of any contingent consideration, is allocated between tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the acquired business based on their estimated fair values, with the residual of the purchase price recorded as goodwill. we engage third party appraisal firms to assist management in determining the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. such valuations require management to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. management makes estimates of fair value based upon assumptions it believes to be reasonable. these estimates are based on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies, and are inherently uncertain. critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets include but are not limited to: future expected cash flows from and economic lives of customer relationships, trade names, existing technology, and other intangible assets; and discount rates. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual events.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, primarily trademarks and trade names, are not amortized; rather, they are tested for impairment at least annually. for the purpose of these impairment tests, we can elect to perform a qualitative analysis to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair values of its reporting units and indefinite lived intangible assets are less than the respective carrying values of those reporting units and indefinite lived intangible assets. we elected to bypass performing the qualitative screen and went directly to performing the first step quantitative analysis of the goodwill and indefinite lived intangible asset impairment tests in the current year. we may elect to perform the qualitative analysis in future periods.
the first step in the quantitative process for the goodwill impairment test is to compare the carrying amount of the reporting unit's net assets to the fair value of the reporting unit. if the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is required and no impairment loss is recognized. if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, then the second step must be completed, which involves allocating the fair value of the reporting unit to each asset and liability, with the excess being implied goodwill. an impairment loss occurs if the amount of the recorded goodwill exceeds the implied goodwill. we would be required to record any such impairment losses.
we identify our reporting units at the operating segment level. generally, goodwill arises from acquisitions of specific operating companies and is assigned to the reporting unit in which a particular operating company resides.
we utilize a combination of income and market-based approaches to valuation for its reporting units. the income approach to valuation relies on a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of each reporting unit, which considers forecasted cash flows discounted at an appropriate discount rate. we believe that market participants would use a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of its reporting units in a sale transaction. the annual goodwill impairment test requires us to make a number of assumptions and estimates concerning future levels of revenue growth, operating margins, depreciation, amortization and working capital requirements, which are based upon our long-range plan. the discount rate is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by a market participant whose weighted average cost of capital includes both equity and debt, including a risk premium. while we use the best available information to prepare our cash flow and discount rate assumptions, actual future cash flows or market conditions could differ significantly resulting in future impairment charges related to recorded goodwill balances. while there are always changes in assumptions to reflect changing business and market conditions, our overall methodology and the population of assumptions used have remained unchanged.
the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill (primarily trademarks and trade names) consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. we estimate the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangibles using the relief from royalty method. we believe the relief from royalty method is a widely used valuation technique for such assets. the fair value derived from the relief from royalty method is measured as the discounted cash flow savings realized from owning such trademarks and trade names and not having to pay a royalty for their use.
we completed our required annual impairment tests relating to goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, and determined that there were no impairments.
share-based compensation we utilize a binomial option pricing model to determine the fair value of share-based compensation expense, which involves the use of several assumptions, including expected term of the option, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, and forfeiture rate. the expected term of options represents the period of time that the options granted are expected to be outstanding and is based on historical experience. expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our common stock as well as other factors, such as implied volatility. the fair value of performance stock units is determined by the grant date market price of our common stock and the compensation expense associated with the non-vested performance stock units is dependent on our periodic assessment of the probability of the targets being achieved and our estimate of the number of shares that will ultimately be issued.
warrants we account for the warrants issued to walgreens and alliance boots in accordance with the guidance for equity-based payments to non-employees. the various agreements and arrangements with walgreens and alliance boots established various performance commitments that they must satisfy during the vesting periods of the warrants, and if not fulfilled, we have the right to cancel the warrants. using a binomial lattice model approach, the fair value of the warrants was initially measured at the date of issuance, and is being expensed over the three and four year vesting periods as an operating expense. the fair value of the warrants is re-measured at the end of each quarterly reporting period, and an adjustment is recorded in the statement of operations to record the impact as if the newly measured fair value of the awards had been used in recognizing expense starting when the awards were originally issued and through the remeasurement date. in total, the warrants were valued at $1,139.8 million as of september 30, 2014. the valuation of the warrants considers our common stock price and various assumptions, such as the volatility of our common stock, the expected remaining life of the warrants, the expected dividend yield, and the risk-free interest rate. as a result, future warrant expense could fluctuate significantly.
income taxes our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax positions reflect management's assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid on items in the financial statements. deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities, as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for tax purposes.
we have established a valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets for which the ultimate realization of future benefits is uncertain. expiring carryforwards and the required valuation allowances are adjusted annually. after application of the valuation allowances described above, we anticipate that no limitations will apply with respect to utilization of any of the other deferred income tax assets described above.
we prepare and file tax returns based on our interpretation of tax laws and regulations and record estimates based on these judgments and interpretations. in the normal course of business, our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities. inherent uncertainties exist in estimates of tax contingencies due to changes in tax law resulting from legislation, regulation and/or as concluded through the various jurisdictions' tax court systems. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position.
we believe that our estimates for the valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and the amount of benefits recognized in our financial statements for uncertain tax positions are appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. however, others applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop a different estimate and the amount ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised may differ from the amounts accrued.
liquidity and capital resources the following table illustrates our debt structure at september 30, 2014, including availability under the multi-currency revolving credit facility, the receivables securitization facility, and the revolving credit note (in thousands):
multi-currency revolving credit facility due 2019                                      1,400,000
receivables securitization facility due 2016                                           950,000
revolving credit note                                                                  75,000
along with our cash balances, our aggregate availability under our multi-currency revolving credit facility, our receivables securitization facility, and the revolving credit note provides us sufficient sources of capital to fund our working capital requirements. we have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during the december and march quarters that, depending on our cash balance, can require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. our cash balances in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013 needed to be supplemented by intra-period credit facility borrowings to cover short-term working capital needs, which were higher in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 due to the on-boarding of the walgreens business. the greatest amount of variable-rate debt outstanding at any one time during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013 was $1.1 billion and $595.0 million, respectively. the $17.6 billion and $2.3 billion of cumulative intra-period borrowings during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively, were fully repaid by the end of each fiscal year.
we have a $1.4 billion multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which expires in august 2019, (the "multi-currency revolving credit facility") with a syndicate of lenders. interest on borrowings under the multi-currency revolving credit facility accrues at specified rates based on our debt rating and ranges from 69 basis points to 110 basis points over libor/euribor/bankers acceptance stamping fee, as applicable (90 basis points over libor/euribor/bankers acceptance stamping fee at september 30, 2014). additionally, interest on borrowings denominated in canadian dollars may accrue at the greater of the canadian prime rate or the cdor rate. we pay facility fees to maintain the availability under the multi-currency revolving credit facility at specified rates based on our debt rating, ranging from 6 basis points to 15 basis points, annually, of the total commitment (10 basis points at september 30, 2014). we may choose to repay or reduce our commitments under the multi-currency revolving credit facility at any time. the multi-currency revolving credit facility contains covenants, including compliance with a financial leverage ratio test, as well as others that impose limitations on, among other things, indebtedness of excluded subsidiaries and asset sales, with which we are compliant as of september 30, 2014.
we have a commercial paper program whereby we may, from time to time, issue short-term promissory notes in an aggregate amount of up to $1.4 billion at any one time. amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed from time to time. the maturities on the notes will vary, but may not exceed 365 days from the date of issuance. the notes will bear interest rates, if interest bearing, or will be sold at a discount from their face amounts. the commercial paper program does not increase our borrowing capacity as it is fully backed by our multi-currency revolving credit facility. there were no borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program at september 30, 2014.
we have a $950 million receivables securitization facility ("receivables securitization facility"), which expires in june 2016. we have available to us an accordion feature whereby the commitment on the receivables securitization facility may be increased by up to $250 million, subject to lender approval, for seasonal needs during the december and march quarters. interest rates are currently based on prevailing market rates for short-term commercial paper or libor plus a program fee of 75 basis points. we pay an unused fee of 40 basis points, annually, to maintain the availability under the receivables securitization facility. the receivables securitization facility contains similar covenants to the multi-currency revolving credit facility, which we are compliant with as of september 30, 2014.
in connection with the receivables securitization facility, abdc sells on a revolving basis certain accounts receivable to amerisource receivables financial corporation, a wholly owned special purpose entity, which in turn sells a percentage ownership interest in the receivables to financial institutions and commercial paper conduits sponsored by financial institutions. abdc is the servicer of the accounts receivable under the receivables securitization facility. after the maximum limit of receivables sold has been reached and as sold receivables are collected, additional receivables may be sold up to the maximum amount available under the facility. we use the facility as a financing vehicle because it generally offers an attractive interest rate relative to other financing sources.
we have an uncommitted, unsecured line of credit available to us pursuant to a revolving credit note ("revolving credit note"). the revolving credit note provides us with the ability to request short-term unsecured revolving credit loans from time to time in a principal amount not to exceed $75 million. the revolving credit note may be decreased or terminated by the bank or us at any time without prior notice.
in may 2014, we issued $600 million of 1.15% senior notes due may 15, 2017 (the "2017 notes") and $500 million of 3.40% senior notes due may 15, 2024 (the "2024 notes"). the 2017 notes were sold at 99.892% of the principal amount and have an effective yield of 1.187%. the 2024 notes were sold at 99.715% of the principal amount and have an effective yield of 3.434%. interest on the 2017 notes and 2024 notes is payable semiannually in arrears, commencing on november 15, 2014. the 2017 notes and 2024 notes rank pari passu to the multi-currency revolving credit facility, the revolving credit note, the $400 million, 4.875% senior notes due in 2019, and the $500 million 3.50% senior notes due in 2021. costs incurred in connection with the issuance of the 2017 notes and 2024 notes were deferred and are being amortized over the terms of the notes.
our operating results have generated cash flow, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, has provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, the payment of interest on outstanding debt, dividends, and repurchases of shares of our common stock.
our primary ongoing cash requirements will be to finance working capital, fund the repayment of debt, fund the payment of interest on debt, fund repurchases of our common stock, fund the payment of dividends, finance acquisitions, and fund capital expenditures and routine growth and expansion through new business opportunities. in november 2012, our board of directors approved a program allowing us to purchase up to $750 million shares of our common stock, subject to market conditions. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014, we purchased $363.0 million of our common stock to complete our authorization under this $750 million share repurchase program. in august 2013, our board of directors approved a program allowing us to purchase up to $750 million additional shares of our common stock, subject to market conditions. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014, we purchased $174.7 million of our common stock under this share repurchase program, which included $18.0 million of purchases that cash settled after september 30, 2014. as of september 30, 2014, we had $575.3 million of availability remaining on the $750 million repurchase program. excluding purchases under the $650 million special share repurchase program, (see below for further details) we currently expect to purchase $400 million of our common stock in fiscal 2015, subject to market conditions. future cash flows from operations and borrowings are expected to be sufficient to fund our ongoing cash requirements.
if walgreens and/or alliance boots exercise their rights to purchase our common stock pursuant to the warrants that we issued to them, the future issuances of shares of our common stock upon exercise of the warrants will dilute the ownership interests of our then-existing stockholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. we have taken steps to mitigate the potentially dilutive effect that exercise of the warrants could have by hedging a portion of our future obligation to deliver common stock with a financial institution and repurchasing additional shares of our common stock for our own account over time.
in june 2013, we commenced our hedging strategy by entering into a contract with a financial institution pursuant to which it has executed a series of issuer capped call transactions ("capped calls"). the capped calls give us the right to shares of our common stock subject to the warrants at specified prices at maturity, should the warrants be exercised in 2016 and 2017 and were intended to cover approximately 60% of the shares subject to the warrants at the time we entered into the transactions. if our share price exceeds the "cap" price in the capped calls at the time the warrants are exercised, the number of shares that will be delivered to us under the capped calls will be reduced, and accordingly, will cover less than 60% of the shares of common stock subject to the warrants. in addition, if our future share price at the exercise dates is lower than our breakeven share price, then our purchase of the capped calls will have been an ineffective use of capital. we completed this hedge transaction in january 2014. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014, we purchased capped calls on 11.9 million shares of our common stock for a total premium of $211.4 million, which included a $6.1 million payment for a hedge premium accrued at september 30, 2013. in total, under this hedge transaction, we purchased capped calls on 27.2 million shares of our common stock for a total premium of $368.7 million.
based upon our recent share price, the number of shares of common stock we expect to receive under the capped calls at maturity has been reduced, and we have amended certain of the capped calls to increase the "cap" price to continue to address the potentially dilutive effect of the warrants. to the extent the capped calls and share repurchases do not fully mitigate the dilutive effect of the warrants, we intend to consider repurchasing additional shares of our common stock and other measures, which may include additional amendments to the capped calls. the amount of dilution that we would be able to mitigate will depend on the relative costs and benefits of such a transaction, considering factors such as: our financial performance, the current and future share price of our common stock, our expected cash flows, competing priorities for capital, and overall market conditions.
in may 2014, our board of directors approved a special share repurchase program allowing us to purchase up to $650 million shares of our common stock, subject to market conditions, as an opportunity to further mitigate the potentially dilutive effect of the warrants and supplements our previously executed warrant hedging strategy. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014, we purchased $252.0 million under this program, which included $18.0 million of purchases that cash settled after september 30, 2014. as of september 30, 2014, we had $398.0 million of availability remaining on the special $650 million repurchase program. we currently expect to make special share repurchases totaling approximately $400 million of our common stock in fiscal 2015, subject to market conditions.
deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers and, therefore, could reduce purchases by our customers. in addition, volatility in financial markets may also negatively impact our customers' ability to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms. reduced purchases by our customers or changes in the ability of our customers to remit payments to us could adversely affect our revenue growth, our profitability, and our cash flow from operations.
following is a summary of our contractual obligations for future principal and interest payments on our debt, minimum rental payments on our noncancelable operating leases and minimum payments on our other commitments at september 30, 2014 (in thousands):
other commitments                               165,695              109,289              45,482              10,924               
we have commitments to purchase product from influenza vaccine manufacturers through the 2015/2016 flu season. we are required to purchase doses at prices that we believe will represent market prices. we currently estimate our remaining purchase commitment under these agreements will be approximately $72.9 million as of september 30, 2014, of which $57.2 million represents our commitment in fiscal 2015. these influenza vaccine commitments are included in "other commitments" in the above table.
we have outsourced to ibm global services ("ibm") a significant portion of our corporate and abdc information technology activities. the remaining commitment under our arrangement, as amended in may 2014, which expires in june 2018, is approximately $74.1 million as of september 30, 2014, of which $37.1 million represents our commitment in fiscal 2015, and is included in "other commitments" in the above table.
our liability for uncertain tax positions was $50.6 million (including interest and penalties) as of september 30, 2014. this liability represents an estimate of tax positions that we have taken in our tax returns which may ultimately not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. since the amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, the estimated liability has been excluded from the above contractual obligations table.
during fiscal 2014, our operating activities provided $1,463.2 million of cash in comparison to cash provided of $788.1 million in the prior fiscal year. cash provided by operations in fiscal 2014 was principally the result of income from continuing operations of $284.0 million, an increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and income taxes of $2,317.6 million and non-cash items of $750.9 million, offset, in part, by an increase in accounts receivable of $938.3 million and an increase in merchandise inventories of $956.5 million. accounts receivable increased from september 30, 2013 as the result of increased volume associated with our new walgreens business. we also increased our merchandise inventories at september 30, 2014 to support the increased volume due to the new walgreens business. the $2,317.6 million increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and income taxes was primarily driven by the increase in merchandise inventories and the timing of payments to our suppliers.
we use days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance. the increase in days sales outstanding from the prior fiscal year reflects the increased sales volume and payment terms under the walgreens distribution contract. the increase in days payable outstanding from the prior fiscal year is the result of increased purchases of generic pharmaceuticals, which have longer payment terms than brand-name pharmaceuticals.
our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based on fluctuations in our period end working capital. operating cash uses during fiscal 2014 included $62.9 million of interest payments and $197.0 million of income tax payments, net of refunds.
during fiscal 2013, our operating activities provided $788.1 million of cash in comparison to cash provided of $1,305.4 million in fiscal 2012. cash provided by operations in fiscal 2013 was principally the result of income from continuing operations of $493.4 million, an increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and income taxes of $3,818.3 million and non-cash items of $346.5 million, offset, in part, by an increase in accounts receivable of $2,312.5 million and an increase in merchandise inventories of $1,486.6 million. the increase in accounts receivable was the result of increased volume associated with our largest pharmacy benefit management ("pbm") customer contract, which became effective october 1, 2012 and walgreens contract, which became effective september 1, 2013. additionally, while the payment terms in the pbm customer contract are favorable, they are longer than the payment terms in the previous contract. as a result, there was a negative impact on our working capital in fiscal 2013. we also increased our merchandise inventories at september 30, 2013 to support the increased volume due to the pbm customer and walgreens contracts. the $3,818.3 million increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and income taxes was primarily driven by the increase in business volume and the timing of inventory purchases made and the related payments to our suppliers.
capital expenditures in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $264.5 million, $202.5 million, and $133.3 million, respectively. significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2014 included infrastructure and technology-related costs to on-board the incremental walgreens distribution volume, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and other technology initiatives, including costs related to the further development of our enterprise resource planning ("erp") system. significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2013 included the purchase of one of our leased distribution facilities, technology initiatives including costs related to the further development of our erp system, technology-related costs to on-board the incremental walgreens' distribution volume, and expansion costs related to one of abdc's facilities. our most significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2012 related to our new erp system and investments made in our abdc and abcs facilities. other capital expenditures in fiscal 2012 included abdc purchases of machinery and equipment, which were previously sold to financial institutions and leased back by us, and other technology initiatives.
we currently expect to spend approximately $300 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2015. several of the larger 2015 capital expenditures include increasing distribution center capacity and automation improvements, the implementation of track-and-trace authentication technology, and information system investments to support increased order volume and future growth.
in june 2014, we invested $117.8 million to acquire a minority ownership interest in a pharmaceutical wholesaler in brazil and to form a specialty joint venture with the same entity. in may 2013, we divested ab and received $306.5 million of cash, net of a working capital adjustment, and divested abcc and received $23.5 million of cash.
in april 2012, we acquired world courier for a purchase price of $518.0 million, net of a working capital adjustment. in november 2011, we acquired theracom for a purchase price of $257.2 million, net of a working capital adjustment. additionally, in fiscal 2012, we finalized working capital adjustments relating to our september 2011 acquisitions of intrinsiq, llc and premier source, totaling $0.5 million, net.
in may 2014, we issued our 2017 notes and our 2024 notes for total proceeds of $1.1 billion. these proceeds were used to finance the early retirement of the 2015 notes, including the payment of premiums and other costs, totaling $531.5 million. fiscal 2012 included $499.3 million of proceeds received related to the november 2011 issuance of our 2021 notes and the repayments of $392.3 million of senior notes due september 15, 2012 and $55 million due under a terminated credit facility.
net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, included the purchase of $753.9 million, $484.2 million, and $1,162.2 million, respectively, of our common stock in connection with our share repurchase programs.
during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013, we paid $211.4 million and $157.3 million, respectively, to purchase capped calls to hedge the potential dilution associated with the warrants upon their exercise.
we anticipate that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. however, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors.
market risk we have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our debt. we manage interest rate risk by using a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. at september 30, 2014, we had no variable rate debt outstanding. the amount of variable-rate debt fluctuates during the year based on our working capital requirements. we periodically evaluate financial instruments to manage our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates. however, there are no assurances that such instruments will be available in the combinations we want and on terms acceptable to us. there were no such financial instruments in effect at september 30, 2014.
we are exposed to foreign currency and exchange rate risk from our non-u.s. operations. our largest exposure to foreign exchange rates exists primarily with the canadian dollar, the euro, the u.k. pound sterling, and the brazilian real. we may utilize foreign currency denominated forward contracts to hedge against changes in foreign exchange rates. we may use derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exposure, but not for speculative or trading purposes. as of september 30, 2014, we had one foreign currency denominated contract outstanding that hedges the foreign currency exchange risk of the c$50.0 million note that we received in conjunction with the sale of abcc in may 2013.
changes in the price and volatility of our common stock may have a significant impact on the fair value of the warrants issued to walgreens and alliance boots (see note 7). as of september 30, 2014, a one dollar change in our common stock, holding other assumptions constant, would increase or decrease the fair value of the warrants by approximately $42 million and a one percent change in volatility, holding other assumptions constant, would increase or decrease the fair value of the warrants by approximately $7 million.
cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements certain of the statements contained in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") and elsewhere in this report are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. words such as "expect," "likely," "outlook," "forecast," "would," "could," "should," "can," "will," "project," "intend," "plan," "continue," "sustain," "synergy," "on track," "believe," "seek," "estimate," "anticipate," "may," "possible," "assume," variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and change in circumstances. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and are based on assumptions that could prove incorrect or could cause actual results to vary materially from those indicated. among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated, or implied are the following: changes in pharmaceutical market growth rates; price inflation in branded and generic pharmaceuticals and price deflation in generics; declining economic conditions, increased costs of maintaining, or reductions in amerisourcebergen's ability to maintain, adequate liquidity and financing sources, and interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; the disruption of amerisourcebergen's cash flow and ability to return value to its stockholders in accordance with its past practices, disruption of or changes in vendor, payer and customer relationships and terms, and the reduction of amerisourcebergen's operational, strategic or financial flexibility; volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets; economic, business, competitive and/or regulatory developments in countries where amerisourcebergen does business and/or operates outside of the united states; supplier bankruptcies, insolvencies or other credit failures; customer bankruptcies, insolvencies or other credit failures; the loss of one or more key customer or supplier relationships resulting in changes to the customer or supplier mix; the retention of key customer or supplier relationships under less favorable economics or the adverse resolution of any contract or other dispute with customers or suppliers; risks associated with the strategic, long-term relationship among walgreen co., alliance boots gmbh, and amerisourcebergen, including the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination, cross-termination or modification of any of the transaction documents among the parties (including, among others, the distribution agreement or the generics agreement), an impact on amerisourcebergen's earnings per share resulting from the issuance of the warrants to subsidiaries of walgreen co. and alliance boots gmbh (the "warrants"), an inability to realize anticipated benefits (including benefits resulting from participation in the walgreens boots alliance development gmbh joint venture), amerisourcebergen's inability to implement its hedging strategy to mitigate the potentially dilutive effect of the issuance of its common stock under its special share repurchase program due to its financial performance, the current and future share price of its common stock, its expected cash flows, competing priorities for capital, and overall market conditions; increasing governmental regulations regarding the pharmaceutical supply channel; federal and state government enforcement initiatives to detect and prevent suspicious orders of controlled substances and the diversion of controlled substances, federal and state prosecution of alleged violations of related laws and regulations, and any related litigation, including shareholder derivative lawsuits or other disputes relating to our distribution of controlled substances; changes in federal and state legislation or regulatory action affecting pharmaceutical product pricing or reimbursement policies, including under medicaid and medicare, and the effect of such changes on amerisourcebergen's customers; frequent changes to laws and regulations in respect of healthcare fraud and abuse and the increased scrutiny of the federal government related thereto; ,qui tam litigation for alleged violations of fraud and abuse laws and regulations and/or any other laws and regulations governing the marketing, sale, purchase and/or dispensing of pharmaceutical products or services and any related litigation, including shareholder derivative lawsuits; the acquisition of businesses that do not perform as amerisourcebergen expects or that are difficult for it to integrate or control or amerisourcebergen's inability to successfully complete any other transaction that it may wish to pursue from time to time; risks associated with international business operations, including non-compliance with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, anti-bribery laws and economic sanctions and import laws and regulations; risks generally associated with the sophisticated information systems on which amerisourcebergen relies, including significant breakdown or interruption of such systems; risks generally associated with data privacy regulation and the international transfer of personal data; changes in tax laws or legislative initiatives that could adversely affect amerisourcebergen's tax positions and/or amerisourcebergen's tax liabilities or adverse resolution of challenges to amerisourcebergen's tax positions; natural disasters or other unexpected events that affect amerisourcebergen's operations; and other economic, business, competitive, legal, tax, regulatory and/or operational factors affecting amerisourcebergen's business generally. certain additional factors that management believes could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth elsewhere in this md&a, in item 1a (risk factors), item 1 (business) and elsewhere in this report.
item 7a.    quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk the company's most significant market risks are the effects of changing interest rates, foreign currency risk, and the changes in the price of the company's common stock. see discussion on page 38 under the heading "market risk," which is incorporated by reference herein.