item 1a. risk factors the companies’ businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. a number of these factors have been identified below. for other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see forward-looking statements in item 7. md&a.
the companies’ results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather. fluctuations in weather can affect demand for the companies’ services. for example, milder than normal weather can reduce demand for electricity and gas transmission and distribution services. in addition, severe weather, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters can disrupt operation of the companies’ facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the companies’ power stations. furthermore, the companies’ operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures.
the rates of dominion’s and dominion gas’ gas transmission and distribution operations and virginia power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations are subject to regulatory review. revenue provided by virginia power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and dominion’s and dominion gas’ gas transmission and distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by state and federal regulatory agencies. the profitability of these businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment.
virginia power’s wholesale rates for electric transmission service are adjusted on an annual basis through operation of a ferc-approved formula rate mechanism. through this mechanism, virginia power’s wholesale electric transmission cost of service is estimated and thereafter adjusted to reflect virginia power’s actual electric transmission costs incurred. these wholesale rates are subject to ferc review and prospective adjustment in the event that customers and/or interested state commissions file a complaint with ferc and are able to demonstrate that virginia power’s wholesale revenue requirement is no longer just and reasonable.
similarly, various rates and charges assessed by dominion’s and dominion gas’ gas transmission businesses are subject to review by ferc. pursuant to ferc’s february 2014 approval of dti’s uncontested settlement offer, dti’s base rates for storage and transportation services are subject to a moratorium through the end of 2016. in addition, the rates of dominion’s and dominion gas’ gas distribution businesses are subject to state regulatory review in the jurisdictions in which they operate. a failure by us to support these rates could result in rate decreases from current rate levels, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
virginia power’s base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in virginia are reviewed by the virginia commission on a biennial basis in a
proceeding that involves the determination of virginia power’s actual earned roe during a combined two-year historic test period, and the determination of virginia power’s authorized roe prospectively. under certain circumstances described in the regulation act, virginia power may be required to share a portion of its earnings with customers through a refund process.
legislation signed by the virginia governor in february 2015 suspends biennial reviews for the five successive 12-month test periods beginning january 1, 2015 and ending december 31, 2019, and no changes will be made to virginia power’s existing base rates until at least december 1, 2022. during this period, virginia power bears the risk of any severe weather events and natural disasters, as well as the risk of asset impairments related to the early retirement of any generation facilities due to the implementation of the clean power plan regulations, and virginia power may not recover its associated costs through increases to base rates. if virginia power incurs any such significant unusual expenses during this period, virginia power may not be able to recover its costs and/or earn a reasonable return on capital investment, which could negatively affect virginia power’s future earnings.
virginia power’s retail electric base rates for bundled generation, transmission, and distribution services to customers in north carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to north carolina statutes, and the rules and procedures of the north carolina commission. if retail electric earnings exceed the returns established by the north carolina commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the north carolina commission, which may decrease virginia power’s future earnings. additionally, if the north carolina commission does not allow recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing service, virginia power’s future earnings could be negatively impacted.
the companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the companies to monetary penalties. the companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. such laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services we offer, our relationships with affiliates, protection of our critical electric infrastructure assets and pipeline safety, among other matters. these operations are also subject to legislation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. they must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. the companies’ businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the companies is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. new laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial additional expense.
dominion’s and virginia power’s generation business may be negatively affected by possible ferc actions that could change market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in the rto markets. dominion’s and virginia power’s generation stations operating in rto markets sell capacity, energy and ancillary services into wholesale electricity markets regulated by ferc. the wholesale markets allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. properly functioning competitive wholesale markets depend upon ferc’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. from time to time ferc may investigate and authorize rtos to make changes in market design. ferc also periodically reviews dominion’s authority to sell at market-based rates. material changes by ferc to the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market rules, dominion’s or virginia power’s authority to sell power at market-based rates, or changes to pricing rules or rules involving revenue calculations, could adversely impact the future results of dominion’s or virginia power’s generation business. in addition, there have been changes to the interpretation and application of ferc’s market manipulation rules. a failure to comply with these rules could lead to civil and criminal penalties.
the companies’ infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval before construction can commence. the companies may not complete facility construction, pipeline, conversion or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated, and they may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed. several facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects have been announced and additional projects may be considered in the future. dominion gas competes for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have advantages competing for natural gas and liquid gas supplies. commencing construction on announced and future projects may require approvals from applicable state and federal agencies. projects may not be able to be completed on time as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential partners, a decline in the credit strength of counterparties or vendors, or other factors beyond the companies’ control. even if facility construction, pipeline, expansion, electric transmission line, conversion and other infrastructure projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of the companies following completion of the projects may not meet expectations. start-up and operational issues can arise in connection with the commencement of commercial operations at our facilities, including but not limited to commencement of commercial operations at our power generation facilities following expansions and fuel type conversions to natural gas and biomass. such issues may include failure to meet specific operating parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend these operating parameters. additionally, the companies may not be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. further, regulators may
disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. any of these or other factors could adversely affect the companies’ ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects.
the development and construction of several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involves significant execution risk. the companies are currently simultaneously developing or constructing several major projects, including the liquefaction project, the atlantic coast pipeline project, the strategic undergrounding project, brunswick county, and multiple dti producer outlet projects, which together help contribute to the over $16 billion in capital expenditures planned by the companies through 2017. several of the companies’ key projects are increasingly large-scale, complex and being constructed in constrained geographic areas (for example, the liquefaction project) or in difficult terrain (for example, the atlantic coast pipeline project). the advancement of the companies’ ventures is also affected by the activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. given that these projects provide the foundation for the companies’ strategic growth plan, if the companies are unable to obtain the required approvals, develop the necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, adhere to budgets and timelines, effectively handle public outreach efforts, or otherwise fail to successfully execute the projects, there could be an adverse impact to the companies’ financial position, results of operations and cash flows. further, an inability to obtain financing or otherwise provide liquidity for the projects on acceptable terms could negatively affect the companies’ financial condition, cash flows, the projects’ anticipated financial results and/or impair the companies’ ability to execute the business plan for the projects as scheduled.
given their significant anticipated capital expenditures and unique attributes, the liquefaction project and the atlantic coast pipeline project in particular are subject to significant execution risk.
cove point liquefaction project—the liquefaction project, which is expected to cost approximately $2.6 billion to complete, exclusive of financing costs, involves regulatory, construction, customer and other risks. dominion has received the required approvals to commence construction of the liquefaction project from the doe, ferc and the maryland commission, which are subject to compliance with the applicable permit conditions. however, all doe export licenses are subject to review and possible withdrawal should the doe conclude that such export authorization is no longer in the public interest. the issuance of the ferc and maryland approval orders has been appealed by third parties. dominion does not know whether any existing or potential interventions or other actions by third parties will interfere with its ability to maintain such approvals, but loss of any material approval could have a material adverse effect on the construction or operation of the facility. in addition, the liquefaction project has been the subject of litigation in the past and could be the subject of litigation in the future. failure to comply with regulatory approval conditions or an adverse ruling in any future litigation could adversely affect dominion’s ability to execute its business plan.
dominion is dependent on its contractors for the successful and timely completion of the liquefaction project. there is limited recent industry experience in the u.s. regarding the construction or operation of large liquefaction projects. the construction is expected to take several years, will be confined within a limited geographic area and could be subject to delays, cost overruns, labor disputes and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project to exceed the anticipated amount and adversely affect dominion’s financial performance and/or impair dominion’s ability to execute the business plan for the project as scheduled.
the terminal service agreements are subject to certain conditions precedent, including maintenance of certain regulatory approvals. because the project will have only two customers, the financial performance of the project is highly dependent on those two counterparties, whose ability to perform their obligations under the contracts is subject to factors outside dominion’s control. dominion will also be exposed to counterparty credit risk. while the counterparties’ obligations are supported by parental guarantees and letters of credit, there is no assurance that such credit support would be sufficient to satisfy the obligations in the event of a counterparty default. in addition, if a controversy arises under either agreement resulting in a judgment in dominion’s favor, dominion may need to seek to enforce a final u.s. court judgment in a foreign tribunal, which could involve a lengthy process.
atlantic coast pipeline project—the atlantic coast pipeline project, which will be constructed by dti, is expected to have a total cost of approximately $4.5 to $5 billion, excluding financing costs, and will involve significant permitting and construction risks. the project requires the approval of ferc and other federal and state agencies, which could be delayed or withheld. dominion expects opposition from certain landowners and stakeholder groups, which could impede the acquisition of rights-of-way and other land rights on a timely basis or on acceptable terms.
the large diameter of the pipeline and difficult terrain of certain portions of the proposed pipeline route aggravate the typical construction risks with which dti is familiar. in-service delays could lead to cost overruns and potential customer termination rights.
dominion owns a 45% membership interest in atlantic coast pipeline. dominion’s lack of a controlling interest means that it has limited influence over this business. if another member were unable or otherwise failed to perform its obligations to provide capital and credit support for this business, it could have an adverse effect on dominion’s financial results.
if additional federal and/or state requirements are imposed on energy companies mandating limitations on ghg emissions or requiring efficiency improvements, such requirements may result in compliance costs that alone or in combination could make some of the companies’ electric generation units or natural gas facilities uneconomical to maintain or operate. the epa, environmental advocacy groups, other organizations and some state and other federal agencies are focusing considerable attention on ghg emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. dominion and virginia power expect that additional epa regulations, and possibly additional state legislation and/or regulations, may be issued resulting in the imposition of additional limitations on ghg emissions or requir-
ing efficiency improvements from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units.
compliance with ghg emission reduction requirements may require increasing the energy efficiency of equipment at facilities, committing significant capital toward carbon controls and/or reduction programs, purchase of allowances and/or offsets, fuel switching, and/or retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and potential replacement with lower emitting generation facilities. the clean power plan uses a set of measures for reducing emissions from existing sources that includes efficiency improvements at coal plants, displacing coal-fired generation with increased utilization of natural gas combined cycle units, expanding renewable resources and increasing customer energy efficiency. compliance with the clean power plan’s anticipated implementing regulations may require virginia power to prematurely retire certain generating facilities, with the potential lack or delay of cost recovery and substantially higher electric rates, which could affect consumer demand. the cost of compliance with ghg emission legislation and/or regulation is subject to significant uncertainties due to the outcome of several interrelated assumptions and variables, including timing of the implementation of rules, required levels of reductions, allocation requirements of the new rules, the maturation and commercialization of carbon controls and/or reduction programs, and the selected compliance alternatives. dominion and virginia power cannot estimate the aggregate effect of such requirements on their results of operations, financial condition or their customers. however, such expenditures, if material, could make dominion’s and virginia power’s generation facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect dominion’s or virginia power’s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity.
there are also potential impacts on dominion’s and dominion gas’ natural gas businesses as federal or state ghg legislation or regulations may require ghg emission reductions from the natural gas sector and could affect demand for natural gas. several regions of the u.s. have moved forward with ghg emission regulations including regions where dominion has operations. for example, rhode island has implemented regulations requiring reductions in co2 emissions through rggi, a cap and trade program covering co2 emissions from power plants in the northeast. additionally, ghg requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and renewable products.
the companies’ operations are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs to the companies. the companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. compliance with these legal requirements requires the companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. additionally, the companies could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they have been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and the companies expect that they will remain significant in the future. certain facilities have become uneconomical to operate and have been shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. these types of events could occur again in the future.
existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted or become applicable to the companies. risks relating to expected regulation of ghg emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units are discussed below. in addition, further regulation of air quality and ghg emissions under the caa may be imposed on the natural gas sector, including rules to limit methane leakage. the companies are also subject to recently finalized federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures, coal combustion by-product handling and disposal practices, and the potential further regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls.
compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations. other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all responsible parties. however, such expenditures, if material, could make the companies’ facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the companies’ results of operations, financial performance or liquidity.
virginia power is subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. virginia power historically produced and continues to produce coal ash as a by-product of its coal-fired generation operations. the ash is stored and managed in impoundments (ash ponds) and landfills located at eight different facilities.
virginia power may face litigation regarding alleged cwa violations at possum point and chesapeake and could incur settlement expenses and other costs, depending on the outcome of any such litigation, including costs associated with closing, corrective action and ongoing monitoring of certain ash ponds. in addition, the federal government recently signed final regulations concerning the management and storage of ccrs and virginia and west virginia may impose additional regulations which would apply to the facilities identified above. such regulations could require virginia power to make additional capital expenditures, increase its operating and maintenance expenses or even cause it to close certain facilities.
further, while virginia power operates its ash ponds and landfills in compliance with applicable state safety regulations, a release of coal ash with a significant environmental impact, such as the dan river ash basin release by a neighboring utility, could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputational damage, and could impact the financial condition of virginia power.
the companies’ operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. operation of the companies’ facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages
by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. the companies’ businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. because the companies’ transmission facilities, pipelines and other facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of their facilities and pipelines could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.
operation of the companies’ facilities below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. unplanned outages of the companies’ facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the companies’ business. unplanned outages typically increase the companies’ operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce their revenues as a result of selling less output or may require the companies to incur significant costs as a result of operating higher cost units or obtaining replacement output from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward energy and capacity or other contractual obligations. moreover, if the companies are unable to perform their contractual obligations, penalties or liability for damages could result.
in addition, there are many risks associated with the companies’ operations and the transportation, storage and processing of natural gas and ngls, including nuclear accidents, fires, explosions, uncontrolled release of natural gas and other environmental hazards, pole strikes, electric contact cases, the collision of third party equipment with pipelines and avian and other wildlife impacts. such incidents could result in loss of human life or injuries among employees, customers or the public in general, environmental pollution, damage or destruction of facilities or business interruptions and associated public or employee safety impacts, loss of revenues, increased liabilities, heightened regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. further, the location of pipelines and storage facilities, or generation, transmission, substations and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks.
dominion and virginia power have substantial ownership interests in and operate nuclear generating units; as a result, each may incur substantial costs and liabilities. dominion’s and virginia power’s nuclear facilities are subject to operational, environmental, health and financial risks such as the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational liabilities and extended outages, the costs of replacement power, the costs of maintenance and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. dominion and virginia power maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts and/or damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. if dominion’s and virginia power’s decommissioning trust funds are insufficient, and they are not allowed to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance, or in the case of virginia power through regulatory mechanisms, their results of operations could be negatively impacted.
dominion’s and virginia power’s nuclear facilities are also subject to complex government regulation which could negatively impact their results of operations. the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities. in the event of noncompliance, the nrc has the authority to impose fines, set license conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions, depending on its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. revised safety requirements promulgated by the nrc could require dominion and virginia power to make substantial expenditures at their nuclear plants. in addition, although the companies have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at their plants, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and/or financial condition. a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world, such as the nuclear events in japan in 2011, could cause the nrc to adopt increased safety regulations or otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic nuclear units.
dominion and dominion gas depend on third parties to produce the natural gas they gather and process, and to provide ngls they separate into marketable products. a reduction in these quantities could reduce dominion’s and dominion gas’ revenues. dominion and dominion gas obtain their supply of natural gas and ngls from numerous third-party producers. most producers are under no obligation to deliver a specific quantity of natural gas or ngls to dominion’s and dominion gas’ facilities. a number of factors could reduce the volumes of natural gas and ngls available to dominion’s and dominion gas’ pipelines and other assets. increased regulation of energy extraction activities or a decrease in natural gas prices or the availability of drilling equipment could result in reductions in drilling for new natural gas wells, which could decrease the volumes of natural gas supplied to dominion and dominion gas. producers could shift their production activities to regions outside dominion’s and dominion gas’ footprint. in addition, the extent of natural gas reserves and the rate of production from such reserves may be less than anticipated. if producers were to decrease the supply of natural gas or ngls to dominion’s and dominion gas’ systems and facilities for any reason, dominion and dominion gas could experience lower revenues to the extent they are unable to replace the lost volumes on similar terms.
dominion’s merchant power business operates in a challenging market, which could adversely affect its results of operations and future growth. the success of dominion’s merchant power business depends upon favorable market conditions including the ability to sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating costs. dominion operates in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity and fuel as well as the credit risk of counterparties. dominion attempts to manage its price risk by entering into hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts.
in these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. in many
cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. consequently, the open market wholesale price for electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. therefore, changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. to the extent dominion does not enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise effectively hedge its output, these changes in market prices could adversely affect its financial results.
dominion purchases fuel under a variety of terms, including long-term and short-term contracts and spot market purchases. dominion is exposed to fuel cost volatility for the portion of its fuel obtained through short-term contracts or on the spot market, including as a result of market supply shortages. fuel prices can be volatile and the price that can be obtained for power produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs, thus adversely impacting dominion’s financial results.
in addition, in the event that any of the merchant generation facilities experience a forced outage, dominion may not receive the level of revenue it anticipated.
the companies’ financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for electricity and gas and related services. technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices, including lighting, furnaces and electric heat pumps and could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. additionally, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. further, virginia power’s business model is premised upon the cost efficiency of the production, transmission and distribution of large-scale centralized utility generation. however, advances in distributed generation technologies, such as solar cells, gas microturbines and fuel cells, may make these alternative generation methods competitive with large-scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use our services.
reduced energy demand or significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation, distributed generation or regional economic conditions, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact the value of the companies’ business activities.
dominion gas has experienced a decline in demand for certain of its processing services due to competing facilities operating in nearby areas.
dominion gas may not be able to maintain, renew or replace its existing portfolio of customer contracts successfully, or on favorable terms. upon contract expiration, customers may not elect to re-contract with dominion gas as a result of a variety of factors, including the amount of competition in the industry, changes in the price of natural gas, their level of satisfaction with dominion gas’ services, the extent to which dominion gas is able to successfully execute its business plans and the effect of the regulatory framework on customer demand. the failure to replace any such customer contracts on similar terms could result in a loss of revenue for dominion gas.
exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect the companies’ financial results of operations. the companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for services. counterparties could fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect of regulations on their operations. defaults by customers, suppliers, joint venture partners or other third parties may adversely affect the companies’ financial results.
in addition, in an economic downturn, individual customers of east ohio may have increased amounts of bad debt. while rate riders have been obtained so that those losses will, for the most part, be recovered by future rates, such recovery will be over a period of time, while the cost is incurred earlier by east ohio.
market performance and other changes may decrease the value of dominion’s decommissioning trust funds and dominion’s and dominion gas’ benefit plan assets or increase dominion’s and dominion gas’ liabilities, which could then require significant additional funding. the performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission dominion’s nuclear plants and under dominion’s and dominion gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans. dominion and dominion gas have significant obligations in these areas and holds significant assets in these trusts. these assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates.
with respect to decommissioning trust funds, a decline in the market value of these assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission dominion’s nuclear plants or require additional nrc-approved funding assurance.
a decline in the market value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations under dominion’s and dominion gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans may increase the funding requirements under such plans. additionally, changes in interest rates will affect the liabilities under dominion’s and dominion gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in mortality assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
if the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market fluctuations or other factors, dominion’s and dominion gas’ results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows could be negatively affected.
the use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints. the companies use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and ftrs, to manage commodity and financial market risks. in addition, dominion and dominion gas purchase and sell commodity-based contracts for hedging purposes.
the dodd-frank act was enacted into law in july 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. the dodd-frank act includes provisions that will require certain over-the-counter derivatives, or swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an exchange or other approved trading platform. non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, can choose to exempt their hedging transactions from these clearing and exchange trading
requirements. final rules for the over-the-counter derivative-related provisions of the dodd-frank act will continue to be established through the ongoing rulemaking process of the applicable regulators, including rules regarding margin requirements for non-cleared swaps. if, as a result of the rulemaking process, the companies’ derivative activities are not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the companies could be subject to higher costs, including from higher margin requirements, for their derivative activities. in addition, implementation of, and compliance with, the swaps provisions of the dodd-frank act by the companies’ counterparties could result in increased costs related to the companies’ derivative activities.
changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect the companies’ growth and business strategy. in order to maintain appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed credit at a reasonable cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, the companies may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect their growth and earnings. a reduction in the companies’ credit ratings could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require the companies to post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities.
dominion gas depends, in part, on an intercompany credit agreement with dominion and certain bank syndicated credit facilities available to dominion and dominion gas for short-term borrowings to meet working capital needs. if dominion’s short-term funding resources, which include the commercial paper market and its syndicated bank credit facilities, become unavailable to dominion, dominion gas’ access to short-term funding could also be in jeopardy. dominion gas relies, in part, on an irca with dominion to provide dominion gas, and its subsidiaries, with short-term borrowings to meet working capital and other cash needs. dominion relies, in part, on the issuance of commercial paper in the short-term money markets to fund advances it makes to dominion gas under the irca. the issuance of commercial paper by dominion is supported by its access to two bank syndicated revolving credit facilities. in addition, these facilities could be drawn upon either by dominion gas directly or by dominion to fund dominion gas borrowing requests under the irca.
in the event of a default under the bank syndicated credit facilities by any of the companies, dominion could lose access to these facilities. in such an event, dominion may not be able to rely on either the commercial paper market or the bank facility for its own short-term funding, and thus may not be able to fund a request by dominion gas under the irca.
an inability to access financial markets could adversely affect the execution of the companies’ business plans. the companies rely on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant sources of funding and liquidity for business plans with increasing capital expenditure needs, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities. deterioration in the companies’ creditworthiness, as evaluated by credit rating agencies or otherwise, or declines in market reputation either for the companies or their industry in general, or general financial market disruptions outside of the companies’
control could increase their cost of borrowing or restrict their ability to access one or more financial markets. further market disruptions could stem from delays in the current economic recovery, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general market disruption due to general credit market or political events, or the failure of financial institutions on which the companies rely. increased costs and restrictions on the companies’ ability to access financial markets may be severe enough to affect their ability to execute their business plans as scheduled.
potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect the companies’ financial results. the companies cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or their operations specifically. new accounting standards could be issued that could change the way they record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. these changes in accounting standards could adversely affect earnings or could increase liabilities.
war, acts and threats of terrorism, natural disasters and other significant events could adversely affect the companies’ operations. the companies cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the energy industry in general, or on the companies’ business in particular. any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect the companies’ operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. in addition, the companies’ infrastructure facilities could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. for example, a physical attack on a critical substation in california resulted in serious impacts to the power grid. furthermore, the physical compromise of the companies’ facilities could adversely affect the companies’ ability to manage these facilities effectively. instability in financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors could result in a significant decline in the u.s. economy and increase the cost of insurance coverage. this could negatively impact the companies’ results of operations and financial condition.
hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the companies’ operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, damage the reputation of the companies and otherwise have an adverse effect on the companies’ business. the companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. further, the computer systems that run the companies’ facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. there appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state actors, that wish to disrupt the u.s. bulk power system and the u.s. gas transmission or distribution system. such parties could view the companies’ computer systems, software or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. for example, malware has been designed to target software that runs the nation’s critical infrastructure such as power transmission grids and gas pipelines. in addition, the companies’ businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss.
a successful cyber attack on the systems that control the companies’ electric generation, electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. the breach of certain business systems could affect the companies’ ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. a major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to the companies’ reputation. in addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data could lead to significant breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. the companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents; however, other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. for these reasons, a significant cyber incident could materially and adversely affect the companies’ business, financial condition and results of operations.
failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on the companies’ operations. the companies’ business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. the companies’ key executive officers are the ceo, cfo and presidents and those responsible for financial, operational, legal, regulatory and accounting functions. competition for skilled management employees in these areas of the companies’ business operations is high. in addition, demand for skilled professional and technical employees in gas transmission, storage, gathering, processing and distribution and in design and construction is high in light of growth in demand for natural gas, increased supply of natural gas as a result of developments in gas production, increased infrastructure projects, increased risk in certain areas of the business, such as cybersecurity, and increased regulation of these activities. the companies’ inability to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results. an aging workforce in the energy industry also necessitates recruiting, retaining and developing the next generation of leadership.
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations md&a discusses dominion’s results of operations and general financial condition and virginia power’s and dominion gas’ results of operations. md&a should be read in conjunction with item 1. business and the consolidated financial statements in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. virginia power and dominion gas meet the conditions to file under the reduced disclosure format, and therefore have omitted certain sections of md&a.
Ÿ   liquidity and capital resources—dominion
forward-looking statements this report contains statements concerning the companies’ expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. these statements are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. in most cases, the reader can identify these forward-looking statements by such words as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “expect,” “believe,” “should,” “could,” “plan,” “may,” “continue,” “target” or other similar words.
the companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. factors that may cause actual results to differ are often presented with the forward-looking statements themselves. additionally, other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement. these factors include but are not limited to:
Ÿ   unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices;
Ÿ   extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding and changes in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities;
Ÿ   changes to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those related to climate change, the tightening of emission or discharge limits for ghgs and other emissions, more extensive permitting requirements and the regulation of additional substances;
Ÿ   changes in enforcement practices of regulators relating to environmental standards and litigation exposure for remedial activities;
Ÿ   changes in regulator implementation of environmental standards and litigation exposure for remedial activities;
Ÿ   difficult to anticipate mitigation requirements associated with environmental approvals;
Ÿ   risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities;
Ÿ   unplanned outages at facilities in which the companies have an ownership interest;
Ÿ   fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices and the effect these could have on dominion’s and dominion gas’ earnings and the companies’ liquidity position and the underlying value of their assets;
Ÿ   counterparty credit and performance risk;
Ÿ   capital market conditions, including the availability of credit and the ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms;
Ÿ   risks associated with virginia power’s membership and participation in pjm, including risks related to obligations created by the default of other participants;
Ÿ   fluctuations in the value of investments held in nuclear decommissioning trusts by dominion and virginia power and in benefit plan trusts by dominion and dominion gas;
Ÿ   changes in rating agency requirements or credit ratings and their effect on availability and cost of capital;
Ÿ   employee workforce factors including collective bargaining agreements and labor negotiations with union employees;
Ÿ   impacts of acquisitions, divestitures, transfers of assets to joint ventures or dominion midstream, and retirements of assets based on asset portfolio reviews;
Ÿ   receipt of approvals for, and timing of, closing dates for acquisitions and divestitures;
Ÿ   changes in rules for rtos and isos in which dominion and virginia power participate, including changes in rate designs, changes in ferc’s interpretation of market rules and new and evolving capacity models;
Ÿ   political and economic conditions, including inflation and deflation;
Ÿ   domestic terrorism and other threats to the companies’ physical and intangible assets, as well as threats to cybersecurity;
Ÿ                                                      changes in demand for the companies’ services, including industrial, commercial and residential growth or decline in the companies’ service areas, changes in supplies of natural gas delivered to dominion gas’ pipeline and processing systems, failure to maintain or replace customer contracts on favorable terms, changes in customer growth or usage patterns, including as a result of energy conservation programs, the availability of energy efficient devices and the use of distributed generation methods;
Ÿ                                  additional competition in industries in which the companies operate, including in electric markets in which dominion’s merchant generation facilities operate, and competition in the development, construction and ownership of certain electric transmission facilities in virginia power’s service territory in connection with ferc order 1000;
Ÿ   changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies;
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued
Ÿ   timing and receipt of regulatory approvals necessary for planned construction or expansion projects and compliance with conditions associated with such regulatory approvals;
Ÿ   the inability to complete planned construction, conversion or expansion projects at all, or with the outcomes or within the terms and time frames initially anticipated;
Ÿ   adverse outcomes in litigation matters or regulatory proceedings; and
Ÿ   the impact of operational hazards including adverse developments with respect to pipeline safety or integrity, and other catastrophic events.
additionally, other risks that could cause actual results to differ from predicted results are set forth in item 1a. risk factors.
accounting matters critical accounting policies and estimates dominion has identified the following accounting policies, including certain inherent estimates, that as a result of the judgments, uncertainties, uniqueness and complexities of the underlying accounting standards and operations involved, could result in material changes to its financial condition or results of operations under different conditions or using different assumptions. dominion has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of each of these policies with the audit committee of its board of directors.
accounting for regulated operations the accounting for dominion’s regulated electric and gas operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated operations in that dominion is required to reflect the effect of rate regulation in its consolidated financial statements. for regulated businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated companies. when it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs are deferred as regulatory assets that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies. likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. generally, regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into income over the period authorized by the regulator.
dominion evaluates whether or not recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable and makes various assumptions in its analysis. the expectations of future recovery are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation or historical experience, as well as discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. if recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be written off in the period such assessment is made. see notes 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
asset retirement obligations dominion recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists and the aro can be reasonably estimated. these aros are recognized at fair value as incurred and are capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. in the absence of quoted market prices, dominion estimates the fair value of its aros using present value techniques, in which it makes various assumptions including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. the impact on measurements of new aros or remeasurements of existing aros, using different cost escalation rates in the future, may be significant. when dominion revises any assumptions used to calculate the fair value of existing aros, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the aro liability and the related long-lived asset for assets that are in service; for assets that have ceased operations, dominion adjusts the carrying amount of the aro liability with such changes recognized in income. dominion accretes the aro liability to reflect the passage of time.
in 2014, 2013 and 2012, dominion recognized $81 million, $86 million and $77 million, respectively, of accretion, and expects to recognize $86 million in 2015. dominion records accretion and depreciation associated with utility nuclear decommissioning aros as an adjustment to the regulatory liability related to its nuclear decommissioning trust.
a significant portion of dominion’s aros relates to the future decommissioning of its merchant and utility nuclear facilities. these nuclear decommissioning aros are reported in the dominion generation segment. at december 31, 2014, dominion’s nuclear decommissioning aros totaled $1.4 billion, representing approximately 84% of its total aros. based on their significance, the following discussion of critical assumptions inherent in determining the fair value of aros relates to those associated with dominion’s nuclear decommissioning obligations.
dominion obtains from third-party specialists periodic site-specific base year cost studies in order to estimate the nature, cost and timing of planned decommissioning activities for its nuclear plants. these cost studies are based on relevant information available at the time they are performed; however, estimates of future cash flows for extended periods of time are by nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. in addition, dominion’s cost estimates include cost escalation rates that are applied to the base year costs. dominion determines cost escalation rates, which represent projected cost increases over time due to both general inflation and increases in the cost of specific decommissioning activities, for each nuclear facility. the selection of these cost escalation rates is dependent on subjective factors which are considered to be critical assumptions.
in december 2013, dominion recorded a reduction of $129 million ($47 million of which was credited to income) in the nuclear decommissioning aros for its units due to a reduction in estimated costs.
income taxes judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities. the interpretation of tax laws involves uncertainty, since tax authorities may interpret the laws differently. ultimate resolution of income tax matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net income and cash flows, and adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities could be material.
given the uncertainty and judgment involved in the determination and filing of income taxes, there are standards for recognition and measurement in financial statements of positions taken or expected to be taken by an entity in its income tax returns. positions taken by an entity in its income tax returns that are recognized in the financial statements must satisfy a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, assuming that the position will be examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information. at december 31, 2014, dominion had $145 million of unrecognized tax benefits. changes in these unrecognized tax benefits may result from remeasurement of amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statutes of limitations.
deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded representing future effects on income taxes for temporary differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. dominion evaluates quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by considering current and historical financial results, expectations for future taxable income and the availability of tax planning strategies that can be implemented, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. failure to achieve forecasted taxable income or successfully implement tax planning strategies may affect the realization of deferred tax assets. dominion establishes a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than-not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. at december 31, 2014, dominion had established $87 million of valuation allowances.
accounting for derivative contracts and other instruments at fair value dominion uses derivative contracts such as futures, swaps, forwards, options and ftrs to manage commodity, currency exchange and financial market risks of its business operations. derivative contracts, with certain exceptions, are reported in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. accounting requirements for derivatives and related hedging activities are complex and may be subject to further clarification by standard-setting bodies. the majority of investments held in dominion’s nuclear decommissioning and rabbi and benefit plan trust funds are also subject to fair value accounting. see notes 6 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on these fair value measurements.
ing pricing information provided by brokers and other pricing services, dominion considers whether the broker is willing and able to trade at the quoted price, if the broker quotes are based on an active market or an inactive market and the extent to which brokers are utilizing a particular model if pricing is not readily available. if pricing information from external sources is not available, or if dominion believes that observable pricing information is not indicative of fair value, judgment is required to develop the estimates of fair value. in those cases, dominion must estimate prices based on available historical and near-term future price information and use of statistical methods, including regression analysis, that reflect its market assumptions.
use of estimates in goodwill impairment testing as of december 31, 2014, dominion reported $3.0 billion of goodwill in its consolidated balance sheet. a significant portion resulted from the acquisition of the former cng in 2000.
in april of each year, dominion tests its goodwill for potential impairment, and performs additional tests more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the 2014, 2013 and 2012 annual tests and any interim tests did not result in the recognition of any goodwill impairment.
in general, dominion estimates the fair value of its reporting units by using a combination of discounted cash flows and other valuation techniques that use multiples of earnings for peer group companies and analyses of recent business combinations involving peer group companies. fair value estimates are dependent on subjective factors such as dominion’s estimate of future cash flows, the selection of appropriate discount and growth rates, and the selection of peer group companies and recent transactions. these underlying assumptions and estimates are made as of a point in time; subsequent modifications, particularly changes in discount rates or growth rates inherent in dominion’s estimates of future cash flows, could result in a future impairment of goodwill. although dominion has consistently applied the same methods in developing the assumptions and estimates that underlie the fair value calculations, such as estimates of future cash flows, and based those estimates on relevant information available at the time, such cash flow estimates are highly uncertain by nature and may vary significantly from actual results. if the estimates of future cash flows used in the most recent tests had been 10% lower, the resulting fair values would have still been greater than the carrying values of each of those reporting units tested, indicating that no impairment was present. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
use of estimates in long-lived asset impairment testing impairment testing for an individual or group of long-lived assets or for intangible assets with definite lives is required when circumstances indicate those assets may be impaired. when an asset’s carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted estimated future cash flows associated with the asset, the asset is considered impaired to the extent that the asset’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. performing an impairment test on long-lived
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued assets involves judgment in areas such as identifying if circumstances indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and grouping affected assets, and developing the undiscounted and discounted estimated future cash flows (used to estimate fair value in the absence of market-based value) associated with the asset, including probability weighting such cash flows to reflect expectations about possible variations in their amounts or timing, expectations about operating the long-lived assets and the selection of an appropriate discount rate. when determining whether an asset or asset group has been impaired, management groups assets at the lowest level that has identifiable cash flows. although cash flow estimates are based on relevant information available at the time the estimates are made, estimates of future cash flows are, by nature, highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. for example, estimates of future cash flows would contemplate factors which may change over time, such as the expected use of the asset, including future production and sales levels, expected fluctuations of prices of commodities sold and consumed and expected proceeds from dispositions. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of impairments related to certain long-lived assets.
employee benefit plans dominion sponsors noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for eligible active employees, retirees and qualifying dependents. the projected costs of providing benefits under these plans are dependent, in part, on historical information such as employee demographics, the level of contributions made to the plans and earnings on plan assets. assumptions about the future, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates applied to benefit obligations, mortality rates and the anticipated rate of increase in healthcare costs and participant compensation, also have a significant impact on employee benefit costs. the impact of changes in these factors, as well as differences between dominion’s assumptions and actual experience, is generally recognized in the consolidated statements of income over the remaining average service period of plan participants, rather than immediately.
the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates and mortality rates are critical assumptions. dominion determines the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans by using a combination of:
Ÿ   expected future risk premiums, asset volatilities and correlations;
Ÿ   investment allocation of plan assets. the strategic target asset allocation for dominion’s pension funds is 28% u.s. equity, 18% non-u.s. equity,
33% fixed income, 3% real estate and 18% other alternative investments, such as private equity investments.
strategic investment policies are established for dominion’s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic asset/liability studies. factors considered in setting the investment policy include those mentioned above such as employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. deviations from the plans’ strategic allocation are a function of dominion’s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market movements which result in the plans’ actual asset allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the target. future asset/liability studies will focus on strategies to further reduce pension and other postretirement plan risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns.
dominion develops assumptions, which are then compared to the forecasts of an independent investment advisor to ensure reasonableness. an internal committee selects the final assumptions. dominion calculated its pension cost using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption of 8.75% for 2014 and 8.50% for 2013 and 2012. for 2015, the expected long-term rate of return for pension cost assumption is 8.75%. dominion calculated its other postretirement benefit cost using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption of 8.50% for 2014 and 7.75% for 2013 and 2012. for 2015, the expected long-term rate of return for other postretirement benefit cost assumption is 8.50%. the rate used in calculating other postretirement benefit cost is lower than the rate used in calculating pension cost because of differences in the relative amounts of various types of investments held as plan assets.
dominion determines discount rates from analyses of aa/aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected payments to be made under its plans. the discount rates used to calculate pension cost and other postretirement benefit cost ranged from 5.20% to 5.30% for pension plans and 5.00% to 5.10% for other postretirement benefit plans in 2014, ranged from 4.40% to 4.80% in 2013 and were 5.50% in 2012. dominion selected a discount rate of 4.40% for determining both its december 31, 2014 projected pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
dominion establishes the healthcare cost trend rate assumption based on analyses of various factors including the specific provisions of its medical plans, actual cost trends experienced and projected, and demographics of plan participants. dominion’s healthcare cost trend rate assumption as of december 31, 2014 was 7.00% and is expected to gradually decrease to 5.00% by 2018 and continue at that rate for years thereafter.
dominion develops its mortality assumption using plan-specific studies and projects mortality improvement using scales developed by the society of actuaries.
the following table illustrates the effect on cost of changing the critical actuarial assumptions previously discussed, while holding all other assumptions constant:
increase in net periodic cost change in                      pension                                         other actuarial assumption           benefits                      postretirement benefits
in addition to the effects on cost, at december 31, 2014, a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase dominion’s projected pension benefit obligation by $236 million and its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by $47 million, while a 1.00% increase in the healthcare cost trend rate would increase its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by $186 million.
see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on dominion’s employee benefit plans.
net income attributable to dominion decreased by 23% primarily due to charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in april 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at north anna and offshore wind facilities, charges associated with dominion’s liability management exercise, and the repositioning of dominion’s producer services business, which was completed in the first quarter of 2014. see note 13 for more information on legislation related to north anna and offshore wind facilities. see liquidity and capital resources for more information on the liability management exercise. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in investment tax credits received, primarily from new solar projects.
purchased electric capacity                                    361             3                   358                (29   )                387
Ÿ   a $195 million decrease primarily related to the repositioning of dominion’s producer services business which was completed in the first quarter of 2014, reflecting the termination of natural gas trading and certain energy marketing activities.
Ÿ   a $171 million increase from electric utility operations, primarily reflecting:
Ÿ   an increase from rate adjustment clauses at electric utility operations ($132 million); and
Ÿ   an increase in sales from electric utility operations primarily due to an increase in heating degree days ($34 million);
Ÿ   a $46 million increase in gas transportation and storage activities and other revenues, largely due to various expansion projects being placed into service; and
Ÿ   $370 million in charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in april 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at north anna and offshore wind facilities;
Ÿ   a $135 million increase in planned outage costs at certain merchant generation facilities and at certain non-nuclear utility facilities; and
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued
Ÿ   a $121 million charge related to a settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain utility generation facilities.
Ÿ   a gain on the sale of dominion’s electric retail energy marketing business in march 2014 ($100 million), net of a $31 million write-off of goodwill;
Ÿ   a $67 million decrease primarily due to the deferral of utility nuclear outage costs beginning in the second quarter of 2014, pursuant to the virginia legislation enacted in april 2014;
interest and related charges increased 36%, primarily due to charges associated with dominion’s liability management exercise in 2014 ($284 million) and higher long-term debt interest expense resulting from debt issuances in 2014 ($44 million).
income tax expense decreased 49%, primarily reflecting lower pre-tax income ($350 million) and the impact of federal renewable energy investment tax credits ($105 million).
Ÿ   a $162 million decrease in producer services primarily related to unfavorable price changes on economic hedging positions, partially offset by higher physical margins, all associated with natural gas aggregation, marketing and trading activities;
Ÿ   a $111 million decrease in retail energy marketing activities primarily due to the impact of lower margins on electric sales due to higher purchased power costs; and
Ÿ   a $161 million increase from electric utility operations, primarily reflecting:
Ÿ   a decrease in ancillary revenues received from pjm ($12 million) primarily due to a decrease in net operating reserve credits; and
Ÿ                                                     a $144 million increase from regulated natural gas transmission operations primarily related to the appalachian gateway project that was placed into service in september 2012 ($44 million), an increase in gathering and storage services ($38 million), ngl activities primarily related to an increase in processing and fractionation volumes ($19 million) and the northeast expansion project that was placed into service in november 2012 ($16 million).
Ÿ   a $123 million decrease in certain electric transmission-related expenditures. these expenses are recovered through ferc rates;
Ÿ   a $35 million increase due to the absence of adjustments recorded in 2012 in connection with the 2012 north carolina rate case;
Ÿ   a $26 million charge related to the expected shutdown of certain coal-fired generating units.
other income increased 19%, primarily due to higher realized gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning trust funds ($40 million) and a gain on the sale of dominion’s 50% equity method investment in elwood ($35 million), partially offset by a decrease in the equity component of afudc ($15 million) and a decrease in earnings from equity method investments ($11 million).
income tax expense increased 10%, primarily reflecting higher pre-tax income in 2013 ($169 million), partially offset by an increase in renewable energy investment tax credits ($46 million) and a lower effective rate for state income taxes ($45 million).
outlook dominion’s strategy is to continue focusing on its regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses. the goals of this strategy are to provide earnings per share growth, a growing dividend and to maintain a stable credit profile. dominion expects 80% to 90% of future earnings from its primary operating segments to come from regulated and long-term contracted businesses.
Ÿ   a return to normal weather in its electric utility operations;
Ÿ   growth in weather-normalized electric utility sales of approximately 1%, comparable to 2014 growth;
Ÿ   construction and operation of growth projects in electric utility operations and associated rate adjustment clause revenue;
Ÿ                                                   the absence of certain charges incurred in 2014, including charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in april 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at north anna and offshore wind facilities, charges associated with dominion’s liability management exercise, charges related to the repositioning of dominion’s producer services business, which was completed in the first quarter of 2014, and charges related to a settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain utility generation facilities;
Ÿ   a higher effective tax rate, driven primarily by higher state income tax expense and lower investment tax credits.
additionally, in 2015, dominion expects to focus on meeting new and developing environmental requirements, including by making significant investments in utility solar generation, particularly in virginia.
segment results of operations segment results include the impact of intersegment revenues and expenses, which may result in intersegment profit or loss. presented below is a summary of contributions by dominion’s operating segments to net income attributable to dominion:
electricity delivered (million mwh)                                        83.5             1   %             82.4             2   %             80.8
ferc transmission equity return               27                      0.04
ferc transmission equity return                   30                      0.05
(1)   excludes restoration costs associated with damage caused by severe storms in 2012, which are reflected in the corporate and other segment.
electricity supplied
utility                                                                      83.9                   1   %             82.8             2   %             80.9
degree days (electric utility service area):
(1)   excludes 7.6 million and 12.8 million mwh for 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to kewaunee, brayton point, kincaid, state line, salem and dominion’s equity method investment in elwood. there are no exclusions related to these stations in 2014.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting dominion generation’s net income contribution:
rate adjustment clause equity return             (8     )               (0.01   )
renewable energy investment tax credits          97                      0.17
afudc equity return                             (17     )               (0.04   )
salaries and benefits                           (11     )               (0.03   )
rate adjustment clause equity return             35               0.06
renewable energy investment tax credits          40               0.07
(1)   excludes charges incurred in 2013 associated with the ongoing exit of natural gas trading and certain energy marketing activities which are reflected in the corporate and other segment.
specific items attributable to operating segments                $(544        )       $(184        )       $(1,467        )
specific items attributable to corporate and other segment             (149   )             —                        (5   )
total specific items                                                   (693   )             (184   )             (1,472   )
total specific items corporate and other includes specific items attributable to dominion’s primary operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing those segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of these items in more detail. corporate and other also includes specific items attributable to the corporate and other segment. in 2014, this primarily includes $174 million in after-tax charges associated with dominion’s liability management exercise.
net income decreased by 25% primarily due to charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in april 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at north anna and offshore wind facilities.
net income increased by 8% primarily due to an increase in rate adjustment clause revenue, the impact of more favorable weather on utility operations, and the absence of restoration costs associated with damage caused by late june 2012 summer storms.
purchased electric capacity                                    360             2                   358           (28   )               386
Ÿ   $370 million in charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in april 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at north anna and offshore wind facilities; and
Ÿ   a $121 million charge related to a settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain generation facilities.
Ÿ   a decrease in ancillary revenues received from pjm ($12 million) primarily due to a decrease in net operating reserve credits.
Ÿ   a $123 million decrease in certain electric transmission-related expenditures. these expenses are recovered through ferc rates; and
Ÿ   a $35 million increase due to the absence of adjustments recorded in 2012 in connection with the 2012 north carolina rate case;
Ÿ   a $26 million charge related to the expected shutdown of certain coal-fired generating units; and
Ÿ   a $22 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued analysis of consolidated operations presented below are selected amounts related to dominion gas’ results of operations:
Ÿ   an increase in gains associated with assignments of marcellus acreage ($42 million); partially offset by
other income decreased 24%, primarily due to a decrease in the equity component of afudc due to significant projects being placed into service in the second half of 2012.
interest and related charges decreased 30%, primarily due to lower interest on affiliated long-term debt resulting from lower outstanding debt due to the extinguishment of intercompany borrowings through the sale of two pipelines to an affiliate in december 2012 and the acquisition of intercompany borrowings from debt issued to third parties in october 2013 ($18 million), partially offset by a decrease in the debt component of afudc ($7 million) due to significant projects being placed into service in the second half of 2012.
liquidity and capital resources dominion depends on both internal and external sources of liquidity to provide working capital and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. short-term cash requirements not met by cash provided by operations are generally satisfied with proceeds from short-term borrowings. long-term cash needs are met through issuances of debt and/or equity securities.
at december 31, 2014, dominion had $1.7 billion of unused capacity under its credit facilities. see additional discussion below under credit facilities and short-term debt.
operating activities                                       3,439                 3,433                 4,137
investing activities                                      (5,181   )            (3,458   )            (3,840   )
financing activities                                       1,744                    93                  (151   )
operating cash flows net cash provided by dominion’s operating activities did not change significantly for 2014.
dominion believes that its operations provide a stable source of cash flow to contribute to planned levels of capital expenditures and maintain or grow the dividend on common shares. in 2015, dominion’s board of directors updated the dividend policy it set in december 2012 to a target payout ratio of 70-75%, and established an annual dividend rate for 2015 of $2.59 per share of common stock, an 8% increase over the 2014 rate. in january 2015, dominion’s board of directors declared dividends payable march 20, 2015 of 64.75 cents per share of common stock. declarations of dividends are subject to further board of directors approval.
dominion’s operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows, and which are discussed in item 1a. risk factors.
credit risk dominion’s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk results primarily from its energy marketing and price risk management activities. presented below is a summary of dominion’s credit exposure as of december 31, 2014 for these activities. gross credit exposure for each counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual netting rights.
gross          credit           net credit      collateral        credit exposure                      exposure
(1)   designations as investment grade are based upon minimum credit ratings assigned by moody’s and standard &amp; poor’s. the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 47% of the total net credit exposure.
(2)   the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 1% of the total net credit exposure.
(3)   the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 6% of the total net credit exposure.
(4)   the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 20% of the total net credit exposure.
investing cash flows in 2014, net cash used in dominion’s investing activities increased by $1.7 billion, primarily due to higher capital expenditures and lower proceeds from sales of assets and businesses.
financing cash flows and liquidity dominion relies on capital markets as significant sources of funding for capital requirements not satisfied by cash provided by its operations. as discussed in credit ratings, dominion’s ability to borrow funds or issue securities and the return demanded by investors are affected by credit ratings. in addition, the raising of external capital is subject to certain regulatory requirements, including registration with the sec for certain issuances.
dominion currently meets the definition of a well-known seasoned issuer under sec rules governing the registration, communications and offering processes under the securities act of 1933. the rules provide for a streamlined shelf registration process to provide registrants with timely access to capital. this allows dominion to use automatic shelf registration statements to register any offering of securities, other than those for exchange offers or business combination transactions.
in 2014, net cash provided by dominion’s financing activities increased by $1.7 billion, primarily reflecting higher net debt issuances, proceeds from dominion midstream’s initial public offering and the absence of the acquisition of the juniper non-controlling interest recorded in 2013 related to fairless.
liability management during 2014, dominion elected to redeem certain debt and preferred securities prior to their stated maturities. proceeds from the issuance of lower-cost senior and enhanced junior subordinated notes were used to fund the redemption payments. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for descriptions of these redemptions.
from time to time, dominion may reduce its outstanding debt and level of interest expense through redemption of debt securities prior to maturity and repurchases in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through tender offers or otherwise.
credit facilities and short-term debt dominion uses short-term debt to fund working capital requirements and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. the levels of borrowing may vary significantly during the course of the year, depending upon the timing and amount of cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. in addition, dominion utilizes cash and letters of credit to fund collateral requirements. collateral requirements are impacted by commodity prices, hedging levels, dominion’s credit ratings and the credit quality of its counterparties.
in connection with commodity hedging activities, dominion is required to provide collateral to counterparties under some circumstances. under certain collateral arrangements, dominion may satisfy these requirements by electing to either deposit cash, post letters of credit or, in some cases, utilize other forms of security. from time to time, dominion may vary the form of collateral provided to counterparties after weighing the costs and benefits of various factors associated with the different forms of collateral. these factors include short-term borrowing and short-term investment rates, the spread over these short-term rates at which dominion can issue commercial paper, balance sheet impacts, the costs and fees of alternative collateral postings with these and other counterparties and overall liquidity management objectives.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued dominion’s commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding, as well as capacity available under credit facilities, were as follows:
december 31, 2014                       facility           outstanding         outstanding                        facility limit      commercial paper         letters of credit        capacity available
joint revolving credit facility(1)        $4,000                $2,664         $—                                   $1,336
joint revolving credit                       500                   111         48                                      341
facility(2)
(1)                 in may 2014, this credit facility was amended and restated. the facility limit was increased from $3 billion to $4 billion and the maturity date was extended from september 2018 to april 2019. this credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to $1.5 billion of letters of credit.
(2)   in may 2014, this credit facility was amended and restated and the maturity date was extended from september 2018 to april 2019. this credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings, commercial paper and letter of credit issuances.
(3)   the weighted-average interest rates of the outstanding commercial paper supported by dominion’s credit facilities were 0.38% and 0.33% at december 31, 2014
type                                     principal      rate          maturity
issuance of common stock and other equity securities dominion maintains dominion direct® and a number of employee savings plans through which contributions may be invested in dominion’s common stock. these shares may either be newly issued or purchased on the open market with proceeds contributed to these plans. in january 2014, dominion began purchasing its common stock on the open market for these plans. in april 2014, dominion began issuing new common shares for these direct stock purchase plans.
during 2014, dominion issued approximately 3.8 million shares of common stock totaling $273 million through employee savings plans, direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plans, converted securities and other employee and director benefit plans. dominion received cash proceeds of $205 million from the issuance of 2.9 million of such shares through dominion direct and employee savings plans.
in december 2014, dominion filed an sec shelf registration for the sale of debt and equity securities including the ability to sell common stock through an at-the-market program. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the at-the-market program.
in june 2013 and july 2014, dominion issued equity units, initially in the form of corporate units. each corporate unit consists of a stock purchase contract and 1/20 interest in a rsn issued by dominion. the stock purchase contracts obligate the holders to purchase shares of dominion common stock at a future settlement date. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of common stock to be issued by dominion.
repurchase of common stock dominion did not repurchase any shares in 2014 and does not plan to repurchase shares during 2015, except for shares tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock, which does not count against its stock repurchase authorization.
credit ratings credit ratings are intended to provide banks and capital market participants with a framework for comparing the credit quality of securities and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. dominion believes that its current credit ratings provide sufficient access to the capital markets. however, disruptions in the banking and capital markets not specifically related to dominion may affect its ability to access these funding sources or cause an increase in the return required by investors. dominion’s credit ratings affect its liquidity, cost of borrowing under credit facilities and collateral posting requirements under commodity contracts, as well as the rates at which it is able to offer its debt securities.
both quantitative (financial strength) and qualitative (business or operating characteristics) factors are considered by the credit rating agencies in establishing an individual company’s credit rating. credit ratings should be evaluated independently and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. the credit ratings for dominion are affected by its financial profile, mix of regulated and nonregulated businesses and respective cash flows, changes in methodologies used by the rating agencies and event risk, if applicable, such as major acquisitions or dispositions.
in november 2014, standard & poor’s changed dominion’s rating outlook to negative from stable. dominion cannot predict the potential impact the negative outlook at standard & poor’s could have on its cost of borrowing. credit ratings as of february 23, 2015 follow:
fitch       moody’s      standard
&amp; poor’s senior unsecured debt securities           bbb+         baa2            bbb+
junior subordinated debt securities        bbb-         baa3            bbb enhanced junior subordinated notes         bbb-         baa3            bbb commercial paper                           f2           p-2             a-2
as of february 23, 2015, fitch and moody’s maintained a stable outlook for their respective ratings of dominion and standard & poor’s maintained a negative outlook for its respective ratings of dominion.
a downgrade in an individual company’s credit rating would not necessarily restrict its ability to raise short-term and long-term financing as long as its credit rating remains investment grade, but it could result in an increase in the cost of borrowing. dominion works closely with fitch, moody’s and standard & poor’s with the objective of achieving its targeted credit ratings. dominion may find it necessary to modify its business plan to maintain or achieve appropriate credit ratings and such changes may adversely affect growth and eps.
debt covenants as part of borrowing funds and issuing debt (both short-term and long-term) or preferred securities, dominion must enter into enabling agreements. these agreements contain covenants that, in the event of default, could result in the acceleration of principal and interest payments; restrictions on distributions related to capital stock, including dividends, redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments; and in some cases, the termination of credit commitments unless a waiver of such requirements is agreed to by the lenders/security holders. these provisions are customary, with each agreement specifying which covenants apply. these provisions are not necessarily unique to dominion.
Ÿ   information requirements, including submitting financial reports filed with the sec and information about changes in dominion’s credit ratings to lenders;
Ÿ   performance obligations, audits/inspections, continuation of the basic nature of business, restrictions on certain matters related to merger or consolidation, and restrictions on disposition of all or substantially all assets;
Ÿ   compliance with collateral minimums or requirements related to mortgage bonds; and
Ÿ   limitations on liens.
dominion is required to pay annual commitment fees to maintain its credit facilities. in addition, dominion’s credit agreements contain various terms and conditions that could affect its ability to borrow under these facilities. they include maximum debt to total capital ratios and cross-default provisions.
as of december 31, 2014, the calculated total debt to total capital ratio, pursuant to the terms of the agreements, was as follows:
(1)   indebtedness as defined by the bank agreements excludes junior subordinated and remarketable subordinated notes reflected as long-term debt as well as aoci reflected as equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
if dominion or any of its material subsidiaries fails to make payment on various debt obligations in excess of $100 million, the lenders could require that company to accelerate its repayment of any outstanding borrowings under the credit facilities and the lenders could terminate their commitment to lend funds to that company. accordingly, any default by virginia power or dominion gas under the joint credit facilities with dominion would affect the lender’s commitment to dominion.
dominion executed rccs in connection with its issuance of the following hybrid securities:
in october 2014, dominion redeemed all of the june 2009 hybrids. the redemption was conducted in compliance with the rcc. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information, including terms of the rccs.
at december 31, 2014, the termination dates and covered debt under the rccs associated with dominion’s hybrids were as follows:
hybrid                   rcc                    designated covered termination date       debt under rcc june 2006 hybrids                   6/30/2036               september 2006 hybrids september 2006 hybrids              9/30/2036               june 2006 hybrids dominion monitors these debt covenants on a regular basis in order to ensure that events of default will not occur. as of december 31, 2014, there have been no events of default under or changes to dominion’s debt covenants.
dividend restrictions certain agreements associated with dominion’s credit facilities contain restrictions on the ratio of debt to total capitalization. these limitations did not restrict dominion’s ability to pay dividends or receive dividends from its subsidiaries at december 31, 2014.
see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of potential restrictions on dividend payments by dominion in connection with the deferral of interest payments on junior subordinated notes and equity units, initially in the form of corporate units, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued future cash payments for contractual obligations and planned capital expenditures contractual obligations dominion is party to numerous contracts and arrangements obligating it to make cash payments in future years. these contracts include financing arrangements such as debt agreements and leases, as well as contracts for the purchase of goods and services and financial derivatives. presented below is a table summarizing cash payments that may result from contracts to which dominion is a party as of december 31, 2014. for purchase obligations and other liabilities, amounts are based upon contract terms, including fixed and minimum quantities to be purchased at fixed or market-based prices. actual cash payments will be based upon actual quantities purchased and prices paid and will likely differ from amounts presented below. the table excludes all amounts classified as current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, other than current maturities of long-term debt, interest payable and certain derivative instruments. the majority of dominion’s current liabilities will be paid in cash in 2015.
purchased electric capacity for utility operations               313           408           169               99            989
fuel commitments for utility operations                          769           825           488            2,052          4,134
fuel commitments for nonregulated operations                     148           105           105              117            475
energy commodity purchases for resale(5)                          24             2             —                —             26
other long-term liabilities(7):
financial derivative-commodities(5)                               18            14             —                —             32
(1)                                         based on stated maturity dates rather than the earlier redemption dates that could be elected by instrument holders. at the option of holders, $510 million of dominion’s 5.25% senior notes due 2033 are subject to redemption at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest in august 2015. as a result, at december 31, 2014, the notes were included in securities due within one year in the consolidated balance sheets.
(2)                                  includes interest payments over the terms of the debt and payments on related stock purchase contracts. interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate or forward interest rate curve at december 31, 2014 and outstanding principal for each instrument with the terms ending at each instrument’s stated maturity. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. does not reflect dominion’s ability to defer interest and stock purchase contract payments on junior subordinated notes or rsns and equity units, initially in the form of corporate units.
(5)   represents the summation of net losses, by contracts, due from dominion if all physical or financial transactions among its counterparties and dominion were liquidated and terminated.
(6)   includes capital, operations, and maintenance commitments.
(7)                                              excludes regulatory liabilities, aros and employee benefit plan obligations, which are not contractually fixed as to timing and amount. see notes 12, 14 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements. due to uncertainty about the timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, $79 million of income taxes payable associated with unrecognized tax benefits are excluded. deferred income taxes are also excluded since cash payments are based primarily on taxable income for each discrete fiscal year. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
planned capital expenditures dominion’s planned capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $5.8 billion, $5.6 billion and $4.6 billion in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. dominion’s expenditures are expected to include construction and expansion of electric generation and natural gas transmission and storage facilities, construction improvements and expansion of electric transmission and distribution assets, purchases of nuclear fuel and the construction of the liquefaction project and dominion’s portion of the atlantic coast pipeline project.
dominion expects to fund its capital expenditures with cash from operations and a combination of securities issuances and short-term borrowings. planned capital expenditures include capital projects that are subject to approval by regulators and the board of directors.
see dvp, dominion generation and dominion energy-properties in item 1. business for a discussion of dominion’s expansion plans.
these estimates are based on a capital expenditures plan reviewed and endorsed by dominion’s board of directors in late 2014 and are subject to continuing review and adjustment and actual capital expenditures may vary from these estimates. dominion may also choose to postpone or cancel certain planned capital expenditures in order to mitigate the need for future debt financings and equity issuances.
use of off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees dominion primarily enters into guarantee arrangements on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries. these arrangements are not subject to the provisions of fasb guidance that dictate a guarantor’s accounting and disclosure requirements for guarantees, including indirect guarantees of indebtedness of others. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
future issues and other matters see item 1. business and notes 13 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on various environmental, regulatory, legal and other matters that may impact future results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows.
environmental matters dominion is subject to costs resulting from a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health and the environment. these laws and regulations affect future planning and existing operations. they can result in increased capital, operating and other costs as a result of compliance, remediation, containment and monitoring obligations.
environmental protection and monitoring expenditures dominion incurred approximately $192 million, $182 million and $189 million of expenses (including depreciation) during 2014, 2013, and 2012 respectively, in connection with environmental protection and monitoring activities and expects these expenses to be approximately $193 million and $188 million in 2015 and 2016, respectively. in addition, capital expenditures related to environmental controls were $101 million, $64 million, and $213 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. these expenditures are expected to be approximately $97 million and $60 million for 2015 and 2016, respectively.
future environmental regulations air the caa is a comprehensive program utilizing a broad range of regulatory tools to protect and preserve the nation’s air quality. at a minimum, delegated states are required to establish regulatory programs to address all requirements of the caa. however, states may choose to develop regulatory programs that are more restrictive. many of the companies’ facilities are subject to the caa’s permitting and other requirements.
in december 2012, the epa issued a final rule that set a more stringent annual air quality standard for fine particulate matter. the epa issued final attainment/nonattainment designations in january 2015. until states develop their implementation plans, dominion cannot determine whether or how facilities located in areas designated nonattainment for the standard will be impacted, but does not expect such impacts to be material.
the epa has finalized rules establishing a new 1-hour naaqs for no2 and a new 1-hour naaqs for so2, which could require additional nox and so2 controls in certain areas where dominion operates. until the states have developed implementation plans for these standards, the impact on dominion’s facilities that emit nox and so2 is uncertain. additionally, the impact of permit limits for implementing naaqs on dominion’s facilities is uncertain at this time.
in january 2010, the epa also proposed a new, more stringent naaqs for ozone and had planned to finalize the rule in 2011. in september 2011, the epa announced a delay from 2011 to 2014 of the rulemaking. in november 2014, the epa issued a new proposal to tighten the ozone standard and expects to finalize the rule in october 2015. the epa is not expected to complete attainment designations for a new standard until 2017 and states will have until 2020 to develop plans to address the new standard. until the states have developed implementation plans, dominion is unable to predict whether or to what extent the new rules will ultimately require additional controls. however, if significant expenditures are required to implement additional controls, it could adversely affect dominion’s results of operations and cash flows.
in june 2005, the epa finalized amendments to the regional haze rule, also known as the clean air visibility rule. the rule requires the states to implement best available retrofit technology requirements for sources to address impacts to visual air quality through regional haze state implementation plans, but allows other alternative options. dominion anticipates that the emission reductions achieved through compliance with other caa-required programs will generally address this rule.
the clear power plan uses a set of measures for reducing emissions from existing sources that includes efficiency improvements at coal plants, displacing coal-fired generation with increased utilization of natural gas combined cycle units, expanding renewable resources and increasing customer energy efficiency. the proposal would require states to meet state-by-state emission rate or intensity-based co2 binding goals or limits. the epa is expected to finalize the guidelines by summer 2015. states will then be required to submit plans to the epa by summer 2016 identifying how they will comply with the rule, with possible one- or two-year extensions. dominion’s most recent integrated resources plan filed in august 2014 included an alternative scenario benchmarked on the proposed epa rule, as a plausible compliance strategy, that includes additional coal unit retirements and additional low or zero-carbon resources. however, until the state plans are developed and the epa approves the plans, dominion cannot predict the potential financial statement impacts but believes the potential expenditures to comply could be material.
in june 2014, the epa published proposed performance standards to address co2 emissions from modified and reconstructed electric generating units. the proposed standards would only apply to coal- and natural-gas fired boilers and natural gas-fired combined cycle units, constructed for the purpose of supplying more than one-third of their potential output to the grid and which are designed to sell approximately 25 mw, that meet certain, specific conditions described in the caa for being modified or reconstructed. modifications undertaken for the primary purpose of installing pollution control technology will not be subject to the proposed standards. dominion currently cannot predict with certainty the direct or indirect financial impact on operations from these rule revisions, but believes the expenditures to comply with any new requirements could be material.
in january 2015, the epa announced plans to reduce methane emissions from natural gas processing and transmission sources as part of its climate action plan. the plan would impose regulations to reduce methane from new sources, including compressor stations and is expected to be proposed in summer 2015 and finalized in 2016. the epa will develop control technology guidelines to reduce emissions of volatile organic compounds from existing sources in ozone nonattainment areas in the northeast ozone transport region. until these regulations and guidelines are finalized, dominion is unable to predict future requirements or estimate compliance costs.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued water the cwa is a comprehensive program requiring a broad range of regulatory tools including a permit program to authorize and regulate discharges to surface waters with strong enforcement mechanisms. dominion must comply with applicable aspects of the cwa programs at its operating facilities.
in june 2013, the epa issued a proposed rule to revise the effluent limitations guidelines for the steam electric power generating category. the proposed rule establishes updated standards for wastewater discharges at coal, oil, gas, and nuclear steam generating stations. affected facilities could be required to convert from wet to dry coal ash management, improve existing wastewater treatment systems and/or install new wastewater treatment technologies in order to meet the new discharge limits. the epa is subject to a consent decree requiring that it take final action on the proposed rule by september 30, 2015. dominion currently cannot predict with certainty the direct or indirect financial impact on operations from these rule revisions, but believes the expenditures to comply with any new requirements could be material.
climate change legislation and regulation some regions and states in which dominion operates have already adopted or may adopt ghg emission reduction programs. any of these new or contemplated regulations may affect capital costs, or create significant permitting delays, for new or modified facilities that emit ghgs.
dodd-frank act the dodd-frank act was enacted into law in july 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. the cea, as amended by title vii of the dodd- frank act, requires certain over-the counter derivatives, or swaps, to be cleared through a derivatives clearing organization and, if the swap is subject to a clearing requirement, to be executed on a designated contract market or swap execution facility. non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, may elect the end-user exception to the cea’s clearing requirements. dominion has elected to exempt its swaps from the cea’s clearing requirements. the cftc may continue to adopt final rules and implement provisions of the dodd-frank act through its ongoing rulemaking process, including rules regarding margin requirements for non-cleared swaps. if, as a result of the rulemaking process, dominion’s derivative activities are not exempted from clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, it could be subject to higher costs due to decreased market liquidity or increased margin payments. in addition, dominion’s swap dealer counterparties may attempt to pass-through additional trading costs in connection with the implementation of, and compliance with, title vii of the dodd-frank act. due to the ongoing rulemaking process, dominion is currently unable to assess the potential impact of the dodd-frank act’s derivative-related provisions on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.