item 1a. risk factors risk factors relating to delta our business and results of operations are dependent on the price of aircraft fuel. high fuel costs or cost increases, including in the cost of crude oil, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
our operating results are significantly impacted by changes in the price of aircraft fuel. fuel prices have increased substantially since the middle part of the last decade and have been highly volatile during the last several years. in 2014, our average fuel price per gallon, including the impact of fuel hedges, was $3.47, a 16% increase from our average fuel price in 2013. in 2013, our average fuel price per gallon was $3.00, an 8% decrease from our average fuel price in 2012. in 2012, our average fuel price per gallon was $3.25, a 6% increase from our average fuel price in 2011, which in turn was significantly higher than fuel prices just a few years earlier. fuel costs represented 35%, 33% and 36% of our operating expense in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
our ability to pass along the higher fuel costs to our customers may be affected by the competitive nature of the airline industry. until recently, we often were not able to increase our fares to offset fully the effect of increases in fuel costs and we may not be able to do so in the future. this is particularly the case when fuel prices increase rapidly. because passengers often purchase tickets well in advance of their travel, a significant rapid increase in fuel price may result in the fare charged not covering that increase.
we acquire a significant amount of jet fuel from our wholly-owned subsidiary, monroe, and through strategic agreements that monroe has with third parties. the cost of the fuel we purchase under these arrangements remains subject to volatility in the cost of crude oil and jet fuel. in addition, we continue to purchase a significant amount of aircraft fuel in addition to what we obtain from monroe. our aircraft fuel purchase contracts do not provide material protection against price increases as these contracts typically establish the price based on industry standard market price indices.
significant extended disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel, including from monroe, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and operating results.
weather-related events, natural disasters, political disruptions or wars involving oil-producing countries, changes in governmental policy concerning aircraft fuel production, transportation, taxes or marketing, environmental concerns and other unpredictable events may impact crude oil and fuel supply and could result in shortages in the future. shortages in fuel supplies could have negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition.
because we acquire a large amount of our jet fuel from monroe, the disruption or interruption of production at the refinery could have an impact on our ability to acquire jet fuel needed for our operations. disruptions or interruptions of production at the refinery could result from various sources including a major accident or mechanical failure, interruption of supply or delivery of crude oil, work stoppages relating to organized labor issues, or damage from severe weather or other natural or man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism. if the refinery were to experience an interruption in operations, disruptions in fuel supplies could have negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, the financial benefits we expect to achieve from the operation of the refinery could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost production and repair costs.
under one of the strategic agreements that monroe has with a significant counterparty, monroe is exchanging non-jet fuel products for jet fuel for use in our airline operations. monroe is required to deliver specified quantities of non-jet fuel products to the counterparty and the counterparty is required to deliver specified quantities of jet fuel to us. if either party does not have the specified quantity or type of product available, that party is required to procure any such shortage to fulfill its obligation under the agreement. if the refinery experiences a significant interruption in operations, monroe may be required to expend substantial amounts to purchase the products it is required to deliver, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results of operations.
in addition, the strategic agreements utilize market prices for the products being exchanged. if monroe's cost of producing the non-jet fuel products that it is required to deliver under these agreements exceeds the value it receives for those products, the financial benefits we expect to achieve through the ownership of the refinery and our consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our fuel hedging activities are intended to manage the financial impact of the volatility in the price of jet fuel. the effects of rebalancing our hedge portfolio or mark-to-market adjustments may have a negative effect on our financial results.
we actively manage our fuel price risk through a hedging program intended to reduce the financial impact from changes in the price of jet fuel. we utilize different contract and commodity types in this program and frequently test their economic effectiveness against our financial targets. we rebalance the hedge portfolio from time to time according to market conditions, which may result in locking in gains or losses on hedge contracts prior to their settlement dates. in addition, we record mark-to-market adjustments ("mtm adjustments") on our fuel hedges. mtm adjustments are based on market prices at the end of the reporting period for contracts settling in future periods. losses from rebalancing or mtm adjustments (or both) may have a negative impact on our financial results.
our fuel hedge contracts contain margin funding requirements. the margin funding requirements may require us to post margin to counterparties or may cause counterparties to post margin to us as market prices in the underlying hedged items change. if fuel prices decrease significantly from the levels existing at the time we enter into fuel hedge contracts, we may be required to post a significant amount of margin, which could have a material impact on the level of our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
we are at risk of losses and adverse publicity stemming from a serious accident involving our aircraft.
an aircraft crash or other accident could expose us to significant liability. although we believe that our insurance coverage is appropriate, we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an accident in the event that the coverage was not sufficient. in addition, any accident involving an aircraft that we operate or an aircraft that is operated by an airline that is one of our regional carriers or codeshare partners could create a negative public perception, which could harm our reputation, resulting in air travelers being reluctant to fly on our aircraft and therefore harm our business.
agreements governing our debt, including credit agreements, include financial and other covenants that impose restrictions on our financial and business operations.
our credit facilities have various financial and other covenants that require us to maintain, depending on the particular agreement, minimum fixed charge coverage ratios, minimum liquidity and/or minimum collateral coverage ratios. the value of the collateral that has been pledged in each facility may change over time due to required appraisals of collateral required by our credit agreements and indentures. these changes could result from factors that are not under our control. although we are in compliance with covenant and collateral requirements, a decline in the value of collateral could result in a situation where we may not be able to maintain the collateral coverage ratio. in addition, the credit facilities contain other negative covenants customary for such financings. if we fail to comply with these covenants and are unable to remedy or obtain a waiver or amendment, an event of default would result. these covenants are subject to important exceptions and qualifications.
the credit facilities also contain other events of default customary for such financings. if an event of default were to occur, the lenders could, among other things, declare outstanding amounts due and payable, and our cash may become restricted. we cannot provide assurance that we would have sufficient liquidity to repay or refinance the borrowings or notes under any of the credit facilities if such amounts were accelerated upon an event of default. in addition, an event of default or declaration of acceleration under any of the credit facilities could also result in an event of default under other of our financing agreements.
our business is labor intensive, utilizing large numbers of pilots, flight attendants, aircraft maintenance technicians, ground support personnel and other personnel. as of december 31, 2014, approximately 18% of our workforce, primarily pilots, was unionized. relations between air carriers and labor unions in the united states are governed by the railway labor act, which provides that a collective bargaining agreement between an airline and a labor union does not expire, but instead becomes amendable as of a stated date. the railway labor act generally prohibits strikes or other types of self help actions both before and after a collective bargaining agreement becomes amendable, unless and until the collective bargaining processes required by the railway labor act have been exhausted. monroe's relations with unions representing its employees are governed by the nlra, which generally allows self help after a collective bargaining agreement expires.
if we or our subsidiaries are unable to reach agreement with any of our unionized work groups on future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining agreements or if additional segments of our workforce become unionized, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages, subject to the requirements of the railway labor act or the nlra, as the case may be. strikes or labor disputes with our unionized employees may adversely affect our ability to conduct business. likewise, if third-party regional carriers with whom we have contract carrier agreements are unable to reach agreement with their unionized work groups in current or future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining agreements, those carriers may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages, subject to the requirements of the railway labor act, which could have a negative impact on our operations.
our business is heavily dependent on our operations at the atlanta airport and at our other hub or gateway airports in amsterdam, detroit, los angeles, minneapolis-st. paul, new york-laguardia, new york-jfk, paris-charles de gaulle, salt lake city, seattle and tokyo-narita. each of these operations includes flights that gather and distribute traffic from markets in the geographic region surrounding the hub or gateway to other major cities and to other delta hubs and gateways. a significant extended interruption or disruption in service at one of our hubs or gateways could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
disruptions or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations, compromise passenger or employee information and expose us to liability, possibly causing our business and reputation to suffer.
a serious internal technology error or failure impacting systems hosted internally at our data centers or externally at third-party locations, or large scale external interruption in technology infrastructure we depend on, such as power, telecommunications or the internet, may disrupt our technology network. a significant individual, sustained or repeated failure of our network, including third-party networks we utilize and on which we depend, could impact our customer service and result in increased costs.
our technology systems and related data may also be vulnerable to a variety of sources of interruption, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers and other security issues. while we have in place, and continue to invest in, technology security initiatives and disaster recovery plans, these measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to prevent a business disruption and its adverse financial and reputational consequences to our business.
in addition, as a part of our ordinary business operations, we collect and store sensitive data, including personal information of our passengers and employees and information of our business partners. the secure operation of the networks and systems on which this type of information is stored, processed and maintained is critical to our business operations and strategy.
our information systems are subject to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or information through fraud or other means of deception. hardware or software we develop or acquire may contain defects that could unexpectedly compromise information security. the methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or to detect for long periods of time. we regularly review and update procedures and processes to prevent and protect against unauthorized access to our systems and information. however, the constantly changing nature of the threats means that we may not be able to prevent all data security breaches or misuse of data. the compromise of our technology systems resulting in the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of, or access to, customers', employees' or business partners' information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disruption to our operations and damage to our reputation, any or all of which could adversely affect our business.
we are dependent on technology in our operations. if our technology does not perform reliably, our business may be adversely affected.
we have become increasingly dependent on technology initiatives to enhance customer service, reduce costs and increase operational effectiveness in order to compete in the current business environment. for example, we have made and continue to make significant investments in delta.com, mobile device applications, check-in kiosks and related initiatives, including security for these initiatives. the performance, reliability and security of the technology are critical to our ability to attract and retain customers and our ability to compete effectively. if our technology does not perform reliably, our business and operations could be negatively affected.
our business is subject to the effects of weather, natural disasters and seasonality, which can cause our results to fluctuate.
our results of operations are impacted by severe weather, natural disasters and seasonality. severe weather conditions and natural disasters can significantly disrupt service and create air traffic control problems. these events decrease revenue and can also increase costs. in addition, increases in the frequency, severity or duration of thunderstorms, hurricanes, typhoons or other severe weather events, including from changes in the global climate, could result in increases in delays and cancellations, turbulence-related injuries and fuel consumption to avoid such weather, any of which would increase the potential for greater loss of revenue and higher costs. in addition, demand for air travel is typically higher in the june and september quarters, particularly in international markets, because there is more vacation travel during these periods than during the remainder of the year. the seasonal shifting of demand causes our financial results to vary on a seasonal basis. because of fluctuations in our results from weather, natural disasters and seasonality, operating results for a historical period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for a future period and operating results for an interim period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year.
we utilize the services of third parties in a number of areas in support of our operations that are integral to our business, including third-party carriers in the delta connection program. while we have agreements with these providers that define expected service performance, we do not have direct control over their operations. in particular, third-party regional carriers may face a shortage of qualified pilots due to government mandated increases in flight experience required for pilots working for airlines. if this shortage occurs, third-party regional carriers may not be able to comply with their obligations to us. to the extent that a significant disruption in our regional operations occurs because any of these providers are unable to perform their obligations over an extended period of time, our revenue may be reduced or our expenses may be increased resulting in a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
the failure or inability of insurance to cover a significant liability related to an environmental or other incident associated with the operation of the monroe refinery could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results.
monroe's refining operations are subject to various hazards unique to refinery operations, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions and natural catastrophes. monroe could incur substantial losses, including cleanup costs, fines and other sanctions and third-party claims, and its operations could be interrupted, as a result of such an incident. monroe's insurance coverage does not cover all potential losses, costs or liabilities and monroe could suffer losses for uninsurable or uninsured risks or in amounts greater than its insurance coverage. in addition, monroe's ability to obtain and maintain adequate insurance may be affected by conditions in the insurance market over which it has no control. if monroe were to incur a significant liability for which it is not fully insured or for which insurance companies do not or are unable to provide coverage, this could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results of operations or consolidated financial position.
the operation of the refinery by monroe is subject to significant environmental regulation. failure to comply with environmental regulations or the enactment of additional regulation could have a negative impact on our consolidated financial results.
monroe's operations are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures and greenhouse gas emissions. monroe could incur fines and other sanctions, cleanup costs and third-party claims as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental, health and safety requirements, which if significant, could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. in addition, the enactment of new environmental laws and regulations, including any laws or regulations relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could significantly increase the level of expenditures required for monroe or restrict its operations.
under the energy independence and security act of 2007, the epa has adopted rfs that mandate the blending of renewable fuels into transportation fuels. rins are assigned to renewable fuels produced or imported into the u.s. that are blended into transportation fuels to demonstrate compliance with this obligation. a refinery may meet its obligation under rfs by blending the necessary volumes of renewable fuels with transportation fuels or by purchasing rins in the open market or through a combination of blending and purchasing rins.
because the refinery operated by monroe does not blend renewable fuels, it must purchase its entire rins requirement in the secondary market or obtain a waiver from the epa. as a result, monroe is exposed to the market price of rins. market prices for rins have recently been volatile, increasing significantly during 2013 before returning to more moderate levels and then increasing again in late 2014. we cannot predict the future prices of rins. purchasing rins at elevated prices could have a material impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
existing laws or regulations could change and the minimum volumes of renewable fuels that must be blended with refined petroleum products may increase. increases in the volume of renewable fuels that must be blended into monroe's products could limit the refinery's production if sufficient numbers of rins are not available for purchase or relief from this requirement is not obtained, which could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial results.
if we lose senior management personnel and other key employees, our operating results could be adversely affected.
we are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of our officers and other key employees to design and execute our business plans. if we experience a substantial turnover in our leadership and other key employees, and these persons are not replaced by individuals with equal or greater skills, our performance could be materially adversely impacted. furthermore, we may be unable to attract and retain additional qualified executives as needed in the future.
risk factors relating to the airline industry the global airline industry is highly competitive and, if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially adversely affected.
the airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), services, products, customer service and frequent flyer programs. consolidation in the domestic airline industry, the rise of well-funded government sponsored international carriers, changes in international alliances and the creation of immunized joint ventures have altered and will continue to alter the competitive landscape in the industry by resulting in the formation of airlines and alliances with increased financial resources, more extensive global networks and competitive cost structures.
our domestic operations are subject to competition from traditional network carriers, including american airlines and united airlines, national point-to-point carriers, including alaska airlines, jetblue airways and southwest airlines, and discount carriers, some of which may have lower costs than we do and provide service at low fares to destinations served by us. point-to-point, discount and ultra low-cost carriers, including spirit airlines and allegiant air, place significant competitive pressure on network carriers in the domestic market. in particular, we face significant competition at our domestic hub and gateway airports either directly at those airports or at the hubs of other airlines that are located in close proximity to our hubs and gateways. we also face competition in smaller to medium-sized markets from regional jet operations of other carriers. our ability to compete in the domestic market effectively depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a competitive cost structure. if we cannot maintain our costs at a competitive level, then our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
our international operations are subject to competition from both foreign and domestic carriers. competition is increasing from well-funded carriers in the gulf region, including emirates, etihad airways and qatar airways. these carriers have large numbers of international widebody aircraft on order and are increasing service to the united states from their hubs in the middle east. several of these carriers, along with carriers from china, india and latin america, are government supported or funded, which has allowed them to grow quickly, reinvest in their product and expand their global presence at the expense of u.s. airlines.
through alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements with foreign carriers, u.s. carriers have increased their ability to sell international transportation, such as services to and beyond traditional european and asian gateway cities. similarly, foreign carriers have obtained increased access to interior u.s. passenger traffic beyond traditional u.s. gateway cities through these relationships.
in addition, several joint ventures among u.s. and foreign carriers, including our transatlantic and transpacific joint ventures, have received grants of antitrust immunity allowing the participating carriers to coordinate schedules, pricing, sales and inventory. other joint ventures that have received antitrust immunity include a transatlantic alliance among united airlines, air canada and lufthansa german airlines, a transpacific joint venture between united airlines and all nippon airways, a transatlantic joint venture among american airlines, british airways and iberia and a transpacific joint venture between american airlines and japan air lines.
increased competition in both the domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
the airline industry is subject to extensive government regulation, and new regulations may increase our operating costs.
airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements that result in significant costs. for instance, the faa from time to time issues directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that necessitate significant expenditures. we expect to continue incurring expenses to comply with the faa's regulations.
other laws, regulations, taxes and airport rates and charges have also been imposed from time to time that significantly increase the cost of airline operations or reduce revenues. the industry is heavily taxed. for example, the aviation and transportation security act mandates the federalization of certain airport security procedures and imposes security requirements on airports and airlines, most of which are funded by a per ticket tax on passengers and a tax on airlines. the federal government adopted a significant increase in the per ticket tax effective in july 2014 and has proposed additional fees. additional taxes and fees, if implemented, could negatively impact our results of operations.
proposals to address congestion issues at certain airports or in certain airspace, particularly in the northeast u.s., have included concepts such as "congestion-based" landing fees, "slot auctions" or other alternatives that could impose a significant cost on the airlines operating in those airports or airspace and impact the ability of those airlines to respond to competitive actions by other airlines. in addition, the failure of the federal government to upgrade the u.s. air traffic control system has resulted in delays and disruptions of air traffic during peak travel periods in certain congested markets. the failure to improve the air traffic control system could lead to increased delays and inefficiencies in flight operations as demand for u.s. air travel increases, having a material adverse effect on our operations. failure to update the air traffic control system in a timely manner, and the substantial funding requirements of an updated system that may be imposed on air carriers, may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
future regulatory action concerning climate change, aircraft emissions and noise emissions could have a significant effect on the airline industry. for example, the european commission adopted an emissions trading scheme applicable to all flights operating in the european union, including flights to and from the u.s. while enforcement of the scheme has been deferred until april 2017, if fully implemented, we expect that this system would impose additional costs on our operations in the european union. other laws or regulations such as this emissions trading scheme or other u.s. or foreign governmental actions may adversely affect our operations and financial results, either through direct costs in our operations or through increases in costs for jet fuel that could result from jet fuel suppliers passing on increased costs that they incur under such a system.
we and other u.s. carriers are subject to domestic and foreign laws regarding privacy of passenger and employee data that are not consistent in all countries in which we operate. in addition to the heightened level of concern regarding privacy of passenger data in the u.s., certain european government agencies are initiating inquiries into airline privacy practices. compliance with these regulatory regimes is expected to result in additional operating costs and could impact our operations and any future expansion.
prolonged periods of stagnant or weak economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
as a result of the discretionary nature of air travel, the airline industry has been cyclical and particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. because we operate globally, with almost 35% of our revenues from operations outside of the u.s., our business is subject to economic conditions throughout the world. during periods of unfavorable economic conditions in the global economy, demand for air travel can be significantly impacted as business and leisure travelers choose not to travel, seek alternative forms of transportation for short trips or conduct business through videoconferencing. if unfavorable economic conditions occur, particularly for an extended period, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. in addition, significant or volatile changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies, and the imposition of exchange controls or other currency restrictions, may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial conditions and results of operations.
terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security breaches may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
potential terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security breaches, or fear of such events, even if not made directly on or involving the airline industry, could negatively affect us and the airline industry. the potential negative effects include increased security, insurance costs, impacts from avoiding flight paths over areas in which conflict is occurring, reputational harm and other costs and lost revenue from increased ticket refunds and decreased ticket sales. if any or all of these events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the rapid spread of contagious illnesses can have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
the rapid spread of a contagious illness, or fear of such an event, can have a material adverse effect on the demand for worldwide air travel and therefore have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. moreover, our operations could be negatively affected if employees are quarantined as the result of exposure to a contagious illness. similarly, travel restrictions or operational issues resulting from the rapid spread of contagious illnesses in a part of the world in which we operate may have a materially adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial highlights - 2014 compared to 2013
our pre-tax income for 2014 was $1.1 billion, representing a $1.5 billion decrease compared to prior year as a result of $3.5 billion of special items. excluding special items, pre-tax income increased $1.9 billion, or 70%, to $4.5 billion primarily driven by higher passenger revenue, lower fuel prices and flat non-fuel unit cost growth.
revenue. our passenger revenue increased $2.0 billion, or 6%, compared to prior year due to a 2% increase in passenger mile yield on 4% higher traffic. passenger revenue per available seat mile ("prasm") increased 3% on 3% higher capacity. our ability to maintain revenue momentum was driven by a strong domestic demand environment, higher corporate sales and merchandising initiatives.
operating expense. total operating expense increased $3.8 billion from 2013 driven by the special items noted above and discussed below. our consolidated operating cost per available seat mile ("casm") for 2014 increased 8% to 15.92 cents from 14.77 cents in 2013, on a 3% increase in capacity. non-fuel unit costs ("casm-ex," a non-gaap financial measure) increased 0.2% to 9.16 cents in 2014 compared to 2013.
the increase in total operating expense is primarily due to special items recorded during the year, including $2.3 billion related to unfavorable mtm adjustments on fuel hedges and $716 million of restructuring and other, primarily associated with our fleet restructuring initiatives. the mtm adjustments are based on market prices at the end of the reporting period for contracts settling in future periods and were driven by the significant decrease in crude oil prices during the year (from a high of $115 per barrel in june to a low of $57 per barrel at december 31, 2014). such market prices are not necessarily indicative of the actual future value of the underlying hedge in the contract settlement period. the fleet restructuring initiatives relate to (1) the early retirement of b-747-400 aircraft associated with our ongoing optimization of the pacific network and (2) the restructuring of our domestic fleet by replacing a significant portion of our 50-seat regional flying with more efficient and customer preferred crj-900 and b-717-200 aircraft and replacing older, less cost effective b-757-200 aircraft with b-737-900er aircraft.
the increase in our total operating expense also reflects higher profit sharing, higher salaries and related costs and volume-based cost increases driven by the increase in capacity. these increases were partially offset by a reduction in regional carrier expense, primarily related to lower fuel costs. salaries and related costs are higher primarily due to employee investments.
the non-gaap financial measures for pre-tax income, adjusted for special items, and casm-ex used in this section are defined and reconciled in "supplemental information" below.
company initiatives network strategy we are implementing several strategies that are designed to strengthen and expand our global network and presence. these primarily include our investment in and joint venture with virgin atlantic and efforts to optimize the pacific network. in support of these strategies, in the december 2014 quarter, we announced our order for 50 new widebody aircraft for delivery beginning in 2017 consisting of 25 a330-900neo aircraft, which will mainly be deployed across the atlantic, and 25 a350-900 aircraft, which will primarily serve the pacific region.
virgin atlantic investment. we own a non-controlling 49% equity stake in virgin atlantic limited, the parent company of virgin atlantic airways. we also have a transatlantic joint venture with virgin atlantic airways with respect to operations on non-stop routes between the united kingdom and north america, for which we have antitrust immunity. the relationship allows for joint marketing and sales, coordinated pricing and revenue management, network planning and scheduling. virgin atlantic has a significant presence at london's heathrow airport, the airport of choice for business customers traveling to and from london. along with our state of the art facility at jfk, our relationship with virgin atlantic has provided our customers with superior service and connectivity between new york and london. we expect our joint venture with virgin atlantic to increase capacity between the u.s. and united kingdom by approximately 10% to 39 peak daily round trips in 2015. this reflects a substantial increase from the minimal presence we had to the united kingdom five years ago.
pacific strategy. as part of the pacific strategy, we are realigning our pacific fleet by removing less efficient b-747-400 aircraft and replacing them with smaller gauge widebody aircraft we are redeploying from the transatlantic. the smaller gauge aircraft will help better match capacity with demand in the pacific and are expected to improve margin. additionally, as noted above, we will be taking delivery of a350-900 aircraft beginning in 2017, which, when coupled with deliveries of a330-300 aircraft that we will receive over the next several years, will result in a 15-20% reduction in seats per departure and generate a significant improvement in operating cost per seat.
we have also made a significant investment in developing seattle as a hub and international gateway, which will provide for convenient access to and from the pacific. we expect to leverage our domestic network to feed traffic into seattle and increase peak daily departures to 120 in 2015. as a result, seattle will allow us to offer one-stop service to 95% of our west coast to asia traffic flows.
maintaining cost performance as part of our ongoing efforts to maintain cost performance, we continue to be focused on keeping the rate of casm-ex growth at less than 2% annually. fleet restructuring is an important component of our cost initiatives and is focused on lowering unit costs while enhancing the customer experience. we are restructuring our domestic fleet by replacing a significant portion of our 50-seat regional flying with more efficient and customer preferred crj-900 and b-717-200 aircraft and replacing older, less cost effective b-757-200 aircraft with b-737-900er aircraft. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we took delivery of 26 crj-900, 39 b-717-200 and 19 b-737-900er aircraft. we are retiring a significant portion of the 50-seat regional fleet that we lease as part of the fleet restructuring activities. we expect to continue to recognize restructuring charges, representing the remaining obligations under the leases, as we retire the leased aircraft. although many factors could change over the period of the 50-seat fleet restructuring, we currently estimate that future charges will be between $50 million to $150 million. as a result of restructuring the fleet, we expect to benefit from improved operational and fuel efficiency, customer service and reduced future maintenance cost that we will experience over the life of the new aircraft.
skymiles program during the march 2014 quarter, we announced changes to the skymiles program. effective january 1, 2015, the skymiles program was modified from a model in which customers earn redeemable mileage credits based on distance traveled to a model based on ticket price. customers earn between five and 11 miles per dollar spent based on their skymiles status, and will continue to earn up to an additional two miles per dollar when using their delta skymiles credit card, for a total of up to 13 miles per dollar. the modified program will better reward customers who spend more with delta and give them improved mileage-earning opportunities. the skymiles program includes a new award redemption structure that improves award seat availability at the lowest point redemption levels, offers one-way awards at half the price of round-trip, provides new miles plus cash award options, as well as makes significant improvements to delta.com and delta reservations award shopping tools.
(in millions)             year ended december 31, 2014     passenger revenue      rpms (traffic)     asms (capacity)      passenger mile yield       prasm        load factor domestic                           $17,017                     12          %         7   %               4   %                  5   %              8   %      2.0         pts atlantic                             5,826                      3          %         -   %               1   %                  3   %              2   %     (0.8   )     pts pacific                              3,421                     (4         )%        (1   )%              -   %                 (3   )%            (4   )%    (0.9   )     pts latin america                        2,424                     15          %        17   %              18   %                 (2   )%            (2   )%    (0.7   )     pts total mainline                      28,688                      8          %         5   %               4   %                  3   %              4   %      0.7         pts regional carriers                    6,266                     (2         )%        (2   )%             (4   )%                (1   )%             2   %      1.9         pts total consolidated                 $34,954                      6          %         4   %               3   %                  2   %              3   %      0.9         pts passenger revenue increased $2.0 billion, or 6%, over prior year. prasm increased 3% and passenger mile yield increased 2% on 3% higher capacity. load factor was 0.9 points higher than prior year at 84.7%.
our geographic regions generally performed well compared to the prior year, with the domestic region leading year-over-year unit revenue improvement. unit revenues of the domestic region rose 8% led by strong performances from our hubs in atlanta, new york-laguardia and seattle.
revenues related to our international regions increased 3% year-over-year primarily due to 18% capacity growth in the latin america region as a result of our efforts to improve connections with gol and aeroméxico. gol and aeroméxico contributed a significant portion of the traffic from the u.s. to brazil and into key mexico markets, respectively. despite these contributions, latin america unit revenues declined 2% as a result of the capacity increase, some business demand weakness associated with the fifa world cup in brazil and economic concerns in venezuela. atlantic unit revenue increased 2% driven by yield improvements. while our joint venture with virgin atlantic reflected solid revenue growth, especially in london-heathrow, atlantic yields experienced pressure from the impact of geopolitical and health concerns related to service to africa, the middle east, and russia. our pacific region experienced a 4% decline in unit revenues driven by lower yield, primarily due to the weakening of the japanese yen.
other revenue. other revenue increased $580 million, or 15%, primarily due to an increase in sales of skymiles, settlements associated with our transatlantic joint venture agreements and sales of non-jet fuel products to third parties by our oil refinery.
salaries and related costs                               8,120             7,720                     400                     5            %
profit sharing                                           1,085               506                     579                   114            %
restructuring and other items                              716               402                     314                 nm(1)
(1)   due to the nature of amounts recorded within restructuring and other items, a year-over-year comparison is not meaningful. for a discussion of charges recorded in restructuring and other items, see note 17 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
fuel expense. compared to the prior year, consolidated fuel expense increased $2.0 billion due to unfavorable mtm adjustments on fuel hedges resulting from the significant decrease in crude oil prices during the year (from a high of $115 per barrel in june to a low of $57 per barrel at december 31, 2014) and a 2% increase in consumption, partially offset by an 8% decrease in fuel market price per gallon and increased profitability at monroe. the table below presents fuel expense, gallons consumed and average price per gallon, including the impact of hedging and the refinery:
(in millions, except per gallon data)                                                 2014              2013
aircraft fuel and related taxes included within regional carrier expense       1,844             2,067                    (223        )
(in millions, except per gallon data)                     2014              2013                           2014              2013
airline segment fuel hedge losses (gains)(1)       2,258              (444     )             2,702                     0.58             (0.12     )   0.70
(1)   includes the impact of pricing arrangements between the airline and refinery segments with respect to the refinery's inventory price risk.
fuel purchase cost. fuel purchase cost is based on the market price for jet fuel at airport locations.
airline segment fuel hedge impact and mtm adjustments. during the year ended december 31, 2014, our airline segment fuel hedge loss of $2.3 billion resulted from unfavorable mtm adjustments. these mtm adjustments are based on market prices as of the end of the reporting period for contracts settling in future periods. such market prices are not necessarily indicative of the actual future value of the underlying hedge in the contract settlement period. the mtm adjustments are reflected in the table above to calculate an effective fuel cost for the period.
refinery segment impact. the refinery results include the impact on fuel expense of self-supply from the production of the refinery and from refined products exchanged with certain counterparties. to the extent that we account for exchanges of refined products as nonmonetary transactions, we include the results of those transactions within fuel expense. for additional information regarding the refinery segment impact, see "refinery segment" below.
we adjust fuel expense for the items noted above to arrive at a more meaningful measure of fuel cost. our average price per gallon, adjusted (a non-gaap financial measure) was $2.87 for the year ended december 31, 2014.
salaries and related costs. the increase in salaries and related costs is primarily due to investments in our employees and an increase in pilot and flight attendant block hours, partially offset by lower pension expense. in 2014, we contributed $917 million to our defined benefit pension plans, including $250 million above the minimum funding requirements.
regional carrier expense. the reduction in regional carrier expense is primarily due to lower fuel expense from both a decrease in the cost of fuel per gallon and a 4% decrease in capacity and fewer required maintenance events. during 2014, we removed thirty-five 50-seat regional aircraft from our fleet as part of our strategy to restructure our domestic fleet.
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs. aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs consists of costs associated with maintenance of aircraft used in our operations and costs associated with maintenance sales to third parties by our mro services business. the reduction in aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs is due primarily to lower engine maintenance volume and a contract settlement charge in 2013, partially offset by a higher volume of cost of sales from our mro business.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense increased year-over-year primarily due to investments in new b-737-900er and crj-900 aircraft, the purchase of aircraft off-lease and aircraft modifications that upgraded aircraft interiors and enhanced our product offering.
contracted services. contracted services expense increased year-over-year due primarily to costs associated with the 3% increase in capacity.
profit sharing. the increase in profit sharing is driven by an increase in full year pre-tax income, excluding profit sharing and special items, compared to the prior year. our broad-based employee profit sharing program provides that, for each year in which we have an annual pre-tax profit, as defined by the terms of the program, we will pay a specified portion of that profit to employees. in determining the amount of profit sharing, the program defines profit as pre-tax profit excluding profit sharing and special items, such as mtm adjustments and restructuring and other items. our profit sharing program pays 10% to employees for the first $2.5 billion of annual profit and 20% of annual profit above $2.5 billion.
aircraft rent. aircraft rent increased year-over-year due primarily to the addition of leased b-717-200 and b-737-900er aircraft delivered during the year, partially offset by the retirement of certain b-747-400 aircraft.
other. other operating expense increased primarily due to costs associated with sales of non-jet fuel products to third parties by our oil refinery.
(in millions)             year ended december 31, 2013     passenger revenue      rpms (traffic)     asms (capacity)      passenger mile yield       prasm        load factor domestic                           $15,204                      8          %         1   %               2   %                  6   %              5   %     (0.8   )     pts atlantic                             5,657                      3          %         1   %              (1   )%                 2   %              3   %      1.2         pts pacific                              3,561                     (2         )%         1   %              (1   )%                (2   )%            (1   )%     1.3         pts latin america                        2,112                     11          %        11   %               8   %                 (1   )%             2   %      2.3         pts total mainline                      26,534                      5          %         2   %               2   %                  3   %              4   %      0.3         pts regional carriers                    6,408                     (3         )%        (6   )%             (3   )%                 3   %              1   %     (1.8   )     pts total consolidated                 $32,942                      4          %         1   %               1   %                  3   %              3   %        -         pts passenger revenue increased $1.2 billion, or 4%, on a 3% prasm increase and a 3% increase in passenger mile yield. revenue remained strong despite lower fuel prices. in addition, the increase in passenger revenue reflects in-flight product enhancements such as the economy comfort product and higher corporate sales.
our geographic regions performed well compared to the prior year, with the domestic region leading year-over-year unit revenue improvement as a result of higher passenger mile yield. unit revenues of the domestic region rose by over 5% with notable improvements in the new york market. new york unit revenues increased as we continue to see improvements due to our investments in jfk and laguardia, as well as many in-flight product enhancements. revenues related to our international regions increased 3% year-over-year, with slight unit revenue improvements in both atlantic and latin america regions. our pacific region experienced a slight decline in unit revenues primarily due to the japanese yen devaluation.
salaries and related costs                               7,720             7,266                     454                     6   %
profit sharing                                             506               372                     134                    36   %
restructuring and other items                              402               452                     (50        )        nm(1)
(1)   due to the nature of amounts recorded within restructuring and other items, a year-over-year comparison is not meaningful. for a discussion of charges recorded in restructuring and other items, see note 17 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
fuel expense. including regional carriers, fuel expense decreased $787 million due to a 4% decrease in fuel market price per gallon and fuel hedge gains, partially offset by a 2% increase in consumption. the table below presents fuel expense, gallons consumed and our average price per gallon, including the impact of hedging and the refinery:
(in millions, except per gallon data)                                                 2013              2012
aircraft fuel and related taxes included within regional carrier expense       2,067             2,101         (34               )
(in millions, except per gallon data)                     2013              2012   2013                                      2012
airline segment fuel hedge (gains) losses(1)        (444     )          66         (510              )                (0.12     )        0.01         (0.13             )
(1)   includes the impact of pricing arrangements between the airline and refinery segments with respect to the refinery's inventory price risk.
fuel purchase cost. fuel purchase cost is based on the market price for jet fuel at airport locations.
airline segment fuel hedge impact and mtm adjustments. during the year ended december 31, 2013, our airline segment fuel hedge gains of $444 million included $276 million of favorable mtm adjustments. these mtm adjustments are based on market prices as of the end of the reporting period for contracts settling in future periods. such market prices are not necessarily indicative of the actual future value of the underlying hedge in the contract settlement period. the mtm adjustments are reflected in the table above to calculate an effective fuel cost for the period.
refinery segment impact. the refinery results include the impact on fuel expense of self-supply from the production of the refinery and from refined products exchanged with certain counterparties. to the extent that we account for exchanges of refined products as nonmonetary transactions, we include the results of those transactions within fuel expense. for additional information regarding the refinery segment impact, see "refinery segment" below.
we adjust fuel expense for these items to arrive at a more meaningful measure of fuel cost. our average price per gallon, adjusted (a non-gaap financial measure) was $3.07 for the year ended december 31, 2013.
salaries and related costs. the increase in salaries and related costs is primarily due to investments in our employees. during the june 2012 quarter, we reached an agreement with the air line pilots association ("alpa") that increased pay and benefits for our pilots. our pilots and substantially all other employees received base pay increases on july 1, 2012 and received additional increases on january 1, 2013. these increases are designed both to recognize changes to the profit sharing program described below and to accelerate the planned 2013 pay increase for non-pilot employees.
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs. aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs consists of costs associated with maintenance of aircraft used in our operations and costs associated with maintenance sales to third parties by our mro services business. the reduction in aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs is primarily due to a lower volume of sales to third parties of our mro services and the timing of maintenance events on our fleet.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense increased year-over-year primarily due to our investment in new b-737-900er and crj-900 aircraft, the purchase of aircraft off-lease, and aircraft modifications that upgraded aircraft interiors and enhanced our product offering.
contracted services. contracted services expense increased year-over-year due primarily to the impact of severe winter storms on our operations and costs associated with the 1% increase in capacity.
landing fees and other rents. landing fees and other rents increased year-over-year primarily due to our investment in airport facilities.
profit sharing. our broad-based employee profit sharing program provides that, for each year in which we have an annual pre-tax profit, as defined by the terms of the program, we will pay a specified portion of that profit to employees. in determining the amount of profit sharing, the program defines profit as pre-tax profit excluding profit sharing and special items, such as mtm adjustments and restructuring and other items, from pre-tax profit. during the june 2012 quarter, our profit sharing program was modified so that we pay 10% of profits on the first $2.5 billion of annual profits effective with the plan year beginning january 1, 2013 compared to paying 15% of annual profit for the 2012 plan year. under the program, we will continue to pay 20% of annual profit above $2.5 billion.
the decline in interest expense, net is driven by reduced levels of debt and the refinancing of debt obligations at lower interest rates. our principal amount of debt and capital leases has declined from $14.4 billion at the beginning of 2012 to $9.9 billion at december 31, 2014.
in each of 2014 and 2012, we extinguished $1.6 billion of existing debt under our secured financing arrangements prior to scheduled maturity. in connection with the extinguishment, we recorded losses of $268 million and $118 million, respectively, for the difference between the principal paid and the carrying value of the debt, which included unamortized discounts or premiums and unamortized issuance costs. the unamortized debt discounts resulted from fair value adjustments recorded in the 2008 purchase accounting of northwest airlines. the losses also included premiums paid to retire the debt.
miscellaneous, net is unfavorable primarily due to our proportionate share of losses from our equity investment in virgin atlantic, foreign currency exchange rate losses and a charge associated with the devaluation of the venezuelan bolivar. the loss from virgin atlantic primarily results from unfavorable mtm adjustments on fuel hedges.
income taxes we consider all income sources, including other comprehensive income, in determining the amount of tax (provision) benefit allocated to continuing operations. the following table shows the components of our income tax (provision) benefit:
current tax (provision) benefit:
deferred tax (provision) benefit:
income tax (provision) benefit        $(413    )      $8,013           $(16    )
we released substantially all of our valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets on december 31, 2013. the release of the allowance primarily resulted in a net tax benefit of $8.0 billion that was recorded in income tax (provision) benefit in our consolidated statement of operations. our annual effective tax rate for 2014 was 38.5%. at december 31, 2014, we had over $12.0 billion of u.s. federal pre-tax net operating loss carryforwards, which do not begin to expire until 2024. accordingly, we believe we will not pay any cash federal income taxes during the next few years. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
during 2012, we did not record an income tax provision for u.s. federal income tax purposes since our deferred tax assets were fully reserved by a valuation allowance.
refinery segment the refinery primarily produces gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. under multi-year agreements, monroe exchanges the non-jet fuel products the refinery produces with third parties for jet fuel consumed in our airline operations. the jet fuel produced and procured through exchanging gasoline and diesel fuel produced by the refinery provided approximately 150,000 barrels (approximately six million gallons) per day for use in airline operations during 2014.
a refinery is subject to epa requirements that are established each year to blend renewable fuels into the gasoline and on-road diesel fuel it produces. alternatively, a refinery may purchase renewable energy credits, called rins, from third parties in the secondary market. because the refinery operated by monroe does not blend renewable fuels, it must purchase its entire rins requirement in the secondary market or obtain a waiver from the epa. we recognized $111 million and $64 million of expense related to the rins requirement in 2014 and 2013, respectively, including accruals for our unsettled 2013 and 2014 rins obligation as of december 31, 2014. we are in possession of the rins needed to satisfy our 2013 obligation.
the refinery recorded a profit of $96 million in 2014, compared to losses of $116 million and $63 million recorded in 2013 and 2012, respectively. we believe that the increase in jet fuel supply due to the refinery's operation has reduced the overall market price of jet fuel, and thus lowered our cost of jet fuel.
financial condition and liquidity we expect to meet our cash needs for the next 12 months from cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and financing arrangements. as of december 31, 2014, we had $5.2 billion in unrestricted liquidity, consisting of $3.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments and $1.9 billion in undrawn revolving credit facilities. during 2014, we generated $4.9 billion in cash from operating activities, which we used, along with existing cash, to reduce the principal on our debt and capital lease obligations by $1.9 billion, fund capital expenditures of $2.2 billion and return $1.4 billion to shareholders, while maintaining a solid liquidity position.
sources of liquidity operating activities cash flows from operating activities continue to provide our primary source of liquidity. we generated positive cash flows from operations of $4.9 billion in 2014, $4.5 billion in 2013 and $2.5 billion in 2012. we also expect to generate positive cash flows from operations in 2015.
our operating cash flows can be impacted by the following factors:
seasonality of advance ticket sales. we sell tickets for air travel in advance of the customer's travel date. when we receive a cash payment at the time of sale, we record the cash received on advance sales as deferred revenue in air traffic liability. the air traffic liability increases during the winter and spring as we have increased sales in advance of the summer peak travel season and decreases during the summer and fall months.
fuel and fuel hedge margins. the cost of jet fuel is our most significant expense, representing approximately 35% of our total operating expenses for 2014. the market price for jet fuel is highly volatile, which can impact the comparability of our cash flows from operations from period to period.
as part of our fuel hedging program, we may be required to post margin to counterparties when our portfolio is in a loss position. conversely, if our portfolio with counterparties is in a gain position, we may receive margin. our future cash flows are impacted by the nature of our derivative contracts and the market price of the commodities underlying our derivative contracts. as a result of the significant decreases in crude oil prices during 2014, the fair value of our hedge contracts were in a loss position at december 31, 2014, resulting in $925 million of margin postings to counterparties.
timing of skymiles sales. in december 2011, we amended our american express agreements and agreed to sell $675 million of unrestricted skymiles to american express in each december from 2011 through 2014. pursuant to the december 2011 amendment, american express purchased $675 million of unrestricted skymiles in each of 2012 and 2013 with the final payment in 2014. the skymiles purchased in december 2014 are expected to be utilized by american express in 2015.
in 2008, we entered into a multi-year extension of our american express agreements and received $1.0 billion from american express for an advance purchase of restricted skymiles. the agreement, as modified, provided that our obligations with respect to the advance purchase would be satisfied as american express used the purchased miles over a specified future period ("skymiles usage period"). during the skymiles usage period, which commenced in december 2011, american express utilized skymiles valued at $333 million annually over three years instead of paying cash to delta for skymiles used. in december 2013, we and american express amended this agreement to allow american express to use the remaining skymiles, valued at $285 million, immediately and without restriction. as of december 31, 2014, american express had utilized the remaining skymiles associated with this advance purchase.
pension contributions. we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and retirees. these plans are closed to new entrants and are frozen for future benefit accruals. our funding obligations for these plans are governed by the employee retirement income security act, as modified by the pension protection act of 2006. in 2014, we contributed $917 million to our defined benefit pension plans, including $250 million above the minimum funding requirements. these contributions satisfied the required contributions for our defined benefit plans for 2014 on an accelerated basis. we contributed $914 million in 2013, including $250 million above the minimum funding levels, and $697 million in 2012 to our defined benefit pension plans. we estimate the funding under these plans will total at least $950 million in 2015, including $340 million above the minimum funding requirements.
profit sharing. as discussed above, our broad-based employee profit sharing program provides that, for each year in which we have an annual pre-tax profit, as defined by the terms of the program, we will pay a specified portion of that profit to employees. in determining the amount of profit sharing, the program defines profit as pre-tax profit excluding profit sharing and special items, such as mtm adjustments and restructuring and other items. our profit sharing program pays 10% to employees on the first $2.5 billion of annual profits and 20% of annual profits above $2.5 billion.
we paid $506 million in profit sharing in february 2014 related to our 2013 pre-tax profit and $372 million in 2013 related to our 2012 pre-tax profit in recognition of our employees' contributions toward meeting our financial goals. during the year ended december 2014, we recorded $1.1 billion in profit sharing expense based on 2014 pre-tax profit. to further show our appreciation to our employees, we made an advanced 2014 profit sharing payment totaling more than $300 million, equal to 5% of pay for eligible employees, in october 2014.
investing activities capital expenditures. we incurred capital expenditures of $2.2 billion in 2014, $2.6 billion in 2013 and $2.0 billion in 2012. our capital expenditures were primarily for the purchase of aircraft and aircraft modifications that upgraded aircraft interiors and enhanced our product offering.
we have committed to future aircraft purchases that will require significant capital investment, and have obtained long-term financing commitments for a substantial portion of the purchase price of these aircraft. we expect that we will invest approximately $2.8 billion in 2015 primarily for (1) aircraft, including deliveries of b-737-900ers and a330-300s, along with advance deposit payments for these and our new a321-200, a330-900neo and a350-900 orders, as well as for (2) aircraft modifications, the majority of which relate to enhancing the cabins of our international fleet. we expect that the 2015 investments will be funded primarily through cash flows from operations.
short-term investments. during the september 2014 quarter, we modified our approach to managing short-term investments by investing $1.5 billion of cash reserves in externally managed investment accounts. these new investments are comprised of u.s. government and agency securities, asset- and mortgage-backed securities, corporate obligations and other fixed term securities. the new approach is expected to generate a greater return with a low level of risk due to diversification.
financing activities debt and capital leases. our principal amount of debt and capital leases has declined from $14.4 billion at the beginning of 2012 to $9.9 billion at december 31, 2014. since december 31, 2009, we have reduced our principal amount of debt and capital leases by $8.4 billion. we have focused on reducing our total debt in recent years as part of our strategy to strengthen our balance sheet. in addition, we have refinanced debt to reduce our total future interest expense.
capital returns to shareholders. in may 2013, we announced a plan to return more than $1 billion to shareholders over the next three years. as part of this plan, our board of directors initiated a quarterly dividend program and a $500 million share repurchase program, which was to be completed no later than june 30, 2016. we completed this share repurchase authorization during the june 2014 quarter.
in may 2014, we announced the next phase of capital returns to shareholders. the board of directors approved a program to increase the quarterly dividend by 50% to $0.09 per share beginning in the september 2014 quarter and authorized a new $2 billion share repurchase program to be completed no later than december 31, 2016. together, the increased dividend program and the new repurchase program are expected to return $2.75 billion to shareholders through 2016. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we repurchased and retired 21.3 million shares at a cost of $850 million under the new program. including the shares repurchased under the may 2013 share repurchase authorization, we repurchased and retired 28.6 million shares at a cost of $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014.
on october 24, 2014, the board of directors declared a $0.09 per share dividend for shareholders of record as of november 7, 2014. this dividend was paid in december 2014 and totaled $75 million. including dividend payments in the first three quarters, we paid $251 million of dividends for the year ended december 31, 2014. on february 6, 2015, the board of directors declared a $0.09 per share dividend for shareholders of record as of february 20, 2015.
undrawn lines of credit we have available $1.9 billion in undrawn revolving lines of credit. our credit facilities have covenants, including minimum collateral coverage ratios. if we are not in compliance with these covenants, we may be required to repay amounts borrowed under the credit facilities or we may not be able to draw on them. we currently have a substantial amount of unencumbered assets available to pledge as collateral.
covenants we were in compliance with the covenants in our financing agreements at december 31, 2014.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at december 31, 2014 that we expect will be paid in cash. the table does not include amounts that are contingent on events or other factors that are uncertain or unknown at this time, including legal contingencies, uncertain tax positions and amounts payable under collective bargaining arrangements, among others. in addition, the table does not include expected significant cash payments representing obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business that do not include contractual commitments.
the amounts presented are based on various estimates, including estimates regarding the timing of payments, prevailing interest rates, volumes purchased, the occurrence of certain events and other factors. accordingly, the actual results may vary materially from the amounts presented in the table.
capital lease obligations (see note 9)
aircraft purchase commitments (see note 12)       1,480           1,970           2,390           2,230           1,060           4,820            13,950
employee benefit obligations (see note 11)          770             680             650             740             680           8,320            11,840
(1)   for additional information, see the notes to the consolidated financial statements referenced in the table above.
operating lease payments, future aircraft leases. represents estimates of lease payments on the remaining 36 b-717-200 aircraft still to be delivered in 2015 pursuant to our lease agreement with southwest airlines and on the subsequent lease agreement with the boeing company on our b-717-200 fleet.
aircraft purchase commitments. represents our commitments to purchase 69 b-737-900er, 45 a321-200, 25 a330-900neo, 25 a350-900, 18 b-787-8, 10 a330-300 and two crj-900 aircraft. our purchase commitment for the 18 b-787-8 aircraft provides for certain aircraft substitution rights.
contract carrier obligations. represents our estimated minimum fixed obligations under capacity purchase agreements with regional carriers. the reported amounts are based on (1) the required minimum levels of flying by our contract carriers under the applicable agreements and (2) assumptions regarding the costs associated with such minimum levels of flying.
employee benefit obligations. represents primarily (1) our estimated minimum required funding for our qualified defined benefit pension plans based on actuarially determined estimates and (2) projected future benefit payments from our unfunded postretirement and postemployment plans. for additional information about our employee benefit obligations, see "critical accounting policies and estimates."
other obligations. represents estimated purchase obligations under which we are required to make minimum payments for goods and services, including, but not limited to, insurance, marketing, maintenance, technology, sponsorships and other third-party services and products.
critical accounting policies and estimates our critical accounting policies and estimates are those that require significant judgments and estimates. accordingly, the actual results may differ materially from these estimates. for a discussion of these and other accounting policies, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
frequent flyer program our frequent flyer program (the "skymiles program") offers incentives to travel on delta. this program allows customers to earn mileage credits by flying on delta, regional air carriers with which we have contract carrier agreements and airlines that participate in the skymiles program, as well as through participating companies such as credit card companies, hotels and car rental agencies. we sell mileage credits to non-airline businesses, customers and other airlines. effective january 1, 2015, the skymiles program was modified from a model in which customers earn redeemable mileage credits based on distance traveled to a model based on ticket price. this award change did not affect the way we account for the program.
the skymiles program includes two types of transactions that are considered revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables. as discussed below, these are (1) passenger ticket sales earning mileage credits and (2) the sale of mileage credits to participating companies with which we have marketing agreements. mileage credits are a separate unit of accounting as they can be redeemed by customers in future periods for air travel on delta and participating airlines, membership in our sky club and other program awards.
passenger ticket sales earning mileage credits. passenger ticket sales earning mileage credits under our skymiles program provide customers with two deliverables: (1) mileage credits earned and (2) air transportation. we value each deliverable on a standalone basis. our estimate of the selling price of a mileage credit is based on an analysis of our sales of mileage credits to other airlines and customers, which is re-evaluated at least annually. we use established ticket prices to determine the estimated selling price of air transportation. we allocate the total amount collected from passenger ticket sales between the deliverables based on their relative selling prices.
we defer revenue for the mileage credits related to passenger ticket sales and recognize it as passenger revenue when miles are redeemed and services are provided. we record the air transportation portion of the passenger ticket sales in air traffic liability and recognize these amounts in passenger revenue when we provide transportation or when the ticket expires unused. a hypothetical 10% increase in our estimate of the standalone selling price of a mileage credit would decrease passenger revenue by approximately $53 million, as a result of an increase in the amount of revenue deferred from the mileage component of passenger ticket sales.
sale of mileage credits. customers may earn mileage credits through participating companies such as credit card companies, hotels and car rental agencies with which we have marketing agreements to sell mileage credits. our contracts to sell mileage credits under these marketing agreements have multiple deliverables, as defined below.
our most significant contract to sell mileage credits relates to our co-brand credit card relationship with american express. in december 2014, we amended our marketing agreements with american express which increased the value we will receive under the agreements and extended the term to 2022. the amended agreements became effective january 1, 2015. the deliverables under the amended agreements are substantially similar to the previous agreement. we will account for the amended agreements consistent with the accounting method adopted in september 2013 that allocates the consideration received to the individual products and services delivered based on their relative selling prices. the increased value received under the amended agreements will increase the amount of deferred revenue for the travel component and increase the value of the other deliverables, which are recognized in other revenue as they are provided.
in september 2013, we modified our marketing agreements with american express that required us to change the accounting method for recording skymiles sold. under the previous method, the embedded premium or discount was allocated to the residual products or services in a combined transaction. the new method allocates consideration received based on the relative selling price of each product or service. we determined our best estimate of the selling prices by considering discounted cash flow analysis using multiple inputs and assumptions, including: (1) the expected number of miles awarded and number of miles redeemed, (2) the rate at which we sell mileage credits to other airlines, (3) published rates on our website for baggage fees, access to delta sky club lounges and other benefits while traveling on delta and (4) brand value. the impact of adopting the relative selling price method re-allocated a portion of the embedded discount to the travel component, lowering the deferral rate we use to record miles sold under the agreements and increasing revenue recognized on the remaining deliverables.
we recognize revenue as we deliver each sales element. we defer the travel deliverable (miles) as part of frequent flyer deferred revenue and recognize passenger revenue as the mileage credits are used for travel. the revenue allocated to the remaining deliverables is recorded in other revenue. we recognize the revenue for these services as they are performed.
breakage. for mileage credits that we estimate are not likely to be redeemed ("breakage"), we recognize the associated value proportionally during the period in which the remaining mileage credits are expected to be redeemed. management uses statistical models to estimate breakage based on historical redemption patterns. a change in assumptions as to the period over which mileage credits are expected to be redeemed, the actual redemption activity for mileage credits or the estimated fair value of mileage credits expected to be redeemed could have a material impact on our revenue in the year in which the change occurs and in future years. at december 31, 2014, the aggregate deferred revenue balance associated with the skymiles program was $4.2 billion. a hypothetical 1% change in the number of outstanding miles estimated to be redeemed would result in a $28 million impact on our deferred revenue liability at december 31, 2014.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets we apply a fair value-based impairment test to the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis (as of october 1) and, if certain events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred, on an interim basis. we assess the value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived assets under either a qualitative or quantitative approach. under a qualitative approach, we consider various market factors, including the key assumptions listed below. we analyze these factors to determine if events and circumstances have affected the fair value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. if we determine that it is more likely than not that the asset may be impaired, we use the quantitative approach to assess the asset's fair value and the amount of the impairment. under a quantitative approach, we calculate the fair value of the asset using the key assumptions listed below. if the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value calculated using the quantitative approach, we will record an impairment charge for the difference in fair value and carrying value.
when we evaluate goodwill for impairment using a quantitative approach, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit by considering market capitalization and other factors. when we perform a quantitative impairment assessment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, fair value is estimated based on (1) recent market transactions, where available, (2) a combination of limited market transactions and the lease savings method for certain airport slots (which reflects potential lease savings from owning the slots rather than leasing them from another airline at market rates), (3) the royalty method for the delta tradename (which assumes hypothetical royalties generated from using our tradename) or (4) projected discounted future cash flows (an income approach).
key assumptions. the key assumptions in our impairment tests include: (1) forecasted revenues, expenses and cash flows, (2) terminal period revenue growth and cash flows, (3) an estimated weighted average cost of capital, (4) assumed discount rates depending on the asset and (5) a tax rate. these assumptions are consistent with those hypothetical market participants would use. since we are required to make estimates and assumptions when evaluating goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, actual transaction amounts may differ materially from these estimates. in addition, we consider the amount by which the intangible assets' fair value exceeded their carrying value in the most recent fair value measurement calculated using a quantitative approach.
changes in certain events and circumstances could result in impairment. factors which could cause impairment include, but are not limited to, (1) negative trends in our market capitalization, (2) reduced profitability resulting from lower passenger mile yields or higher input costs (primarily related to fuel and employees), (3) lower passenger demand as a result of weakened u.s. and global economies, (4) interruption to our operations due to a prolonged employee strike, terrorist attack, or other reasons, (5) changes to the regulatory environment (e.g., diminished slot restrictions or additional open skies agreements), (6) competitive changes by other airlines and (7) strategic changes to our operations leading to diminished utilization of the intangible assets.
we assessed each of the above assumptions in our most recent impairment analyses. the combination of our most recently completed annual results and our projected revenues, expenses and cash flows more than offset any negative events and circumstances. the stabilizing operating environment for u.s. airlines has resulted in annual yields increasing along with load factors, leading to improved financial results.
goodwill. our goodwill balance, which is related to the airline segment, was $9.8 billion at december 31, 2014. we determined that there was no indication that goodwill was impaired based upon our qualitative assessment of all relevant factors, including applicable factors noted in "key assumptions" above.
identifiable intangible assets. our identifiable intangible assets, which are related to the airline segment, had a net carrying amount of $4.6 billion at december 31, 2014, of which $4.4 billion related to indefinite-lived intangible assets. indefinite-lived assets are not amortized and consist primarily of routes, slots, the delta tradename and assets related to skyteam and collaborative arrangements. definite-lived assets consist primarily of marketing and partner agreements.
in 2014, we performed a quantitative assessment of our pacific routes and slots indefinite-lived intangible asset and determined that there was no indication that the asset was impaired. we obtained this asset as part of the acquisition of northwest airlines in 2008 and is composed of pacific route authorities and takeoff and landing rights ("slots") at tokyo-narita international airport ("narita"). this intangible asset supports delta's narita hub activities and is essential to delta's pacific network. as of the 2014 assessment, the estimated fair value of the pacific routes and slots intangible asset exceeded the $2.2 billion carrying value by approximately 20%. changes in key inputs and assumptions, including (1) our strategy related to the composition of our pacific network and flying, (2) new or enhanced joint ventures or alliances, (3) foreign currency exchange rates, (4) fuel costs and (5) pacific region profitability, could impact the value of this asset in the future.
we performed a qualitative assessment of all other indefinite-lived intangible assets and determined that there was no indication that our indefinite-lived intangible assets were impaired. the qualitative assessments included analyses and weighting of all relevant factors, including the applicable factors noted above, which impact the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets.
long-lived assets our flight equipment and other long-lived assets have a recorded value of $21.9 billion at december 31, 2014. this value is based on various factors, including the assets' estimated useful lives and salvage values. we record impairment losses on flight equipment and other long-lived assets used in operations when events and circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired and the estimated future cash flows generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts. factors which could cause impairment include, but are not limited to, (1) a decision to permanently remove flight equipment or other long-lived assets from operations, (2) significant changes in the estimated useful life, (3) significant changes in projected cash flows, (4) permanent and significant declines in fleet fair values and (5) changes to the regulatory environment. for long-lived assets held for sale, we discontinue depreciation and record impairment losses when the carrying amount of these assets is greater than the fair value less the cost to sell.
to determine whether impairments exist for aircraft used in operations, we group assets at the fleet-type level (the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows) and then estimate future cash flows based on projections of capacity, passenger mile yield, fuel costs, labor costs and other relevant factors. if an impairment occurs, the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the fleet's carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value. we estimate aircraft fair values using published sources, appraisals and bids received from third parties, as available.
income tax valuation allowance we periodically assess whether it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our deferred income tax assets. we establish valuation allowances if it is not likely we will realize our deferred income tax assets. in making this determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence and make certain assumptions. we consider, among other things, projected future taxable income, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, the overall business environment, our historical financial results, and tax planning strategies. in evaluating the likelihood of utilizing our net deferred income tax assets, the significant factors that we consider include (1) our recent history of profitability, (2) growth in the u.s. and global economies, (3) forecast of airline revenue trends, (4) estimate of future fuel prices and (5) future impact of taxable temporary differences.
we recorded a full valuation allowance in 2004 due to our cumulative loss position at that time. during 2013, after considering all positive and negative evidence, we concluded that our deferred income tax assets are more likely than not to be realized. accordingly, we released substantially all of the valuation allowance against our net deferred income tax assets. we recognized an $8.0 billion benefit in our provision for income taxes, primarily related to the valuation allowance release.
at the end of 2014 our net deferred tax asset balance was $7.6 billion, against which we maintained a $46 million valuation allowance, primarily related to state net operating losses with limited expiration periods.
defined benefit pension plans we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and retirees. these plans are closed to new entrants and frozen for future benefit accruals. as of december 31, 2014, the unfunded benefit obligation for these plans recorded on our consolidated balance sheet was $12.5 billion. during 2014, we contributed $917 million to these plans and recorded $233 million of expense in salaries and related costs on our consolidated statement of operations. in 2015, we estimate we will contribute at least $950 million to these plans, including $340 million of contributions above the minimum funding requirements, and that our expense will be approximately $250 million. the most critical assumptions impacting our defined benefit pension plan obligations and expenses are the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and life expectancy.
weighted average discount rate. we determine our weighted average discount rate on our measurement date primarily by reference to annualized rates earned on high quality fixed income investments and yield-to-maturity analysis specific to our estimated future benefit payments. we used a weighted average discount rate to value the obligations of 4.14% and 5.01% at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our weighted average discount rate for net periodic pension benefit cost in each of the past three years has varied from the rate selected on our measurement date, ranging from 4.10% to 4.99% between 2014 and 2012.
expected long-term rate of return. our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based primarily on plan-specific investment studies using historical market return and volatility data. modest excess return expectations versus some public market indices are incorporated into the return projections based on the actively managed structure of the investment programs and their records of achieving such returns historically. we also expect to receive a premium for investing in less liquid private markets. we review our rate of return on plan asset assumptions annually. our annual investment performance for one particular year does not, by itself, significantly influence our evaluation. our actual historical annualized three and five year rate of return on plan assets for our defined benefit pension plans was approximately 11% and 9%, respectively, as of december 31, 2014. the investment strategy for our defined benefit pension plan assets is to earn a long-term return that meets or exceeds our annualized return target while taking an acceptable level of risk and maintaining sufficient liquidity to pay current benefits and other cash obligations of the plan. this is achieved by investing in a globally diversified mix of public and private equity, fixed income, real assets, hedge funds, and other assets and instruments. our expected long-term rate of return on assets for net periodic pension benefit cost for the year ended december 31, 2014 was 9%.
life expectancy. we have historically utilized the society of actuaries' ("soa") published mortality data in developing a best estimate of life expectancy. on october 27, 2014, the soa published updated mortality tables for u.s. plans and an updated improvement scale, which both reflect improved longevity. based on an evaluation of these new tables and our perspective of future longevity, we updated the mortality assumptions for purposes of measuring pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations at december 31, 2014. the improvement in life expectancy increases our benefit obligations and future expense as benefit payments are paid over an extended period of time.
the impact of a 0.50% change in these assumptions is shown in the table below:
change in assumption   effect on 2015pension expense   effect on accruedpension liability atdecember 31, 2014
0.50% decrease in expected long-term rate of return on assets   +$48 million                    -
0.50% increase in expected long-term rate of return on assets   -$48 million                    -
funding. our funding obligations for qualified defined benefit plans are governed by the employee retirement income security act. the pension protection act of 2006 allows commercial airlines to elect alternative funding rules ("alternative funding rules") for defined benefit plans that are frozen. delta elected the alternative funding rules under which the unfunded liability for a frozen defined benefit plan may be amortized over a fixed 17-year period and is calculated using an 8.85% discount rate.
while the pension protection act makes our funding obligations for these plans more predictable, factors outside our control continue to have an impact on the funding requirements. estimates of future funding requirements are based on various assumptions and can vary materially from actual funding requirements. assumptions include, among other things, the actual and projected market performance of assets; statutory requirements; and demographic data for participants. for additional information, see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting standards revenue from contracts with customers in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers." while the standard supersedes existing revenue recognition guidance, it closely aligns with current gaap. under the new standard, revenue is recognized at the time a good or service is transferred to a customer for the amount of consideration received for that specific good or service. it is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods, and early adoption is not permitted. entities may use a full retrospective approach or report the cumulative effect as of the date of adoption. we are currently evaluating the impact, if any, the adoption of this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.
reporting of amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in february 2013, the fasb issued asu no. 2013-02, "comprehensive income." the standard revises the reporting of items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income and is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2012. we adopted this guidance in the march 2013 quarter and have presented amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in a note to the financial statements. for additional information, see note 15.
presentation of comprehensive income in june 2011, the fasb issued asu no. 2011-05, "presentation of comprehensive income." the standard revises the presentation and prominence of the items reported in other comprehensive income and is effective retrospectively for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2011. we adopted this standard in 2012 and have presented comprehensive income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
supplemental information we sometimes use information ("non-gaap financial measures") that is derived from the consolidated financial statements, but that is not presented in accordance with gaap. under the u.s. securities and exchange commission rules, non-gaap financial measures may be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with gaap, but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to gaap results.
the following table shows a reconciliation of pre-tax income (a gaap measure) to pre-tax income, adjusted (a non-gaap financial measure). we exclude the following items from pre-tax income to determine pre-tax income, adjusted for the reasons described below:
•   mtm adjustments. mtm adjustments are based on market prices at the end of the reporting period for contracts settling in future periods. such market prices are not necessarily indicative of the actual future value of the underlying hedge in the contract settlement period. therefore, excluding these adjustments allows investors to better understand and analyze the company's core operational performance in the periods shown.
•   restructuring and other. because of the variability in restructuring and other, the exclusion of this item is helpful to investors to analyze our recurring core operational performance in the periods shown.
•   loss on extinguishment of debt. because of the variability in loss on extinguishment of debt, the exclusion of this item is helpful to investors to analyze the company's recurring core operational performance in the periods shown.
•   virgin atlantic mtm adjustments. we record our proportionate share of earnings from our equity investment in virgin atlantic in other expense. we exclude virgin atlantic's mtm adjustments to allow investors to better understand and analyze the company's financial performance in the periods shown.
items excluded:
restructuring and other                 716               424
the following table shows a reconciliation of casm (a gaap measure) to casm-ex (a non-gaap financial measure). we exclude the following items from casm to determine casm-ex for the reasons described:
•   aircraft fuel and related taxes. the volatility in fuel prices impacts the comparability of year-over-year financial performance. the exclusion of aircraft fuel and related taxes (including our regional carriers) allows investors to better understand and analyze our non-fuel costs and our year-over-year financial performance.
•   profit sharing. we exclude profit sharing because this exclusion allows investors to better understand and analyze our recurring cost performance and provides a more meaningful comparison of our core operating costs to the airline industry.
•   restructuring and other. because of the variability in restructuring and other, the exclusion of this item is helpful to investors to analyze our recurring core operational performance in the periods shown.
•   other expenses. other expenses include aircraft maintenance and staffing services we provide to third parties, our vacation wholesale operations and refinery cost of sales to third parties. because these businesses are not related to the generation of a seat mile, we exclude the costs related to these sales to provide a more meaningful comparison of the costs of our airline operations to the rest of the airline industry.
items excluded:
profit sharing                        (0.45     )       (0.22     )
restructuring and other               (0.30     )       (0.17     )
glossary of defined terms asm - available seat mile. a measure of capacity. asms equal the total number of seats available for transporting passengers during a reporting period multiplied by the total number of miles flown during that period.
casm-ex - the amount of operating cost incurred per asm during a reporting period, excluding aircraft fuel and related taxes, profit sharing, restructuring and other items and other expenses, including aircraft maintenance and staffing services we provide to third parties, our vacation wholesale operations and refinery cost of sales to third parties.
passenger load factor - a measure of utilized available seating capacity calculated by dividing rpms by asms for a reporting period.
prasm - passenger revenue per asm. the amount of passenger revenue earned per asm during a reporting period. prasm is also referred to as "unit revenue."