item 1a. risk factors all of the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information included in this form 10-k should be considered and read carefully.  the risks described below are not the only ones facing us.  the occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.  this form 10-k also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties.  our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below.
uncertain general economic conditions could materially adversely affect us.
although there has been some improvement in overall global macroeconomic conditions in 2014, we and our customers continue to be sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the u.s.  business customers use our credit information and related analytical services and data to process applications for new credit cards, automobile loans, home and equity loans and other consumer loans, and to manage their existing credit relationships. bank and other lenders' willingness to extend credit is adversely affected by elevated consumer delinquency and loan losses in a weak economy. consumer demand for credit (i.e., rates of spending and levels of indebtedness) also tends to grow more slowly or decline during periods of economic contraction or slow economic growth. high or rising rates of unemployment and interest, declines in income, home prices, or investment values, lower consumer confidence and reduced access to credit adversely affect demand for our products and services, and consequently our revenue, as consumers may continue to postpone or reduce their spending and use of credit, and lenders may reduce the amount of credit offered or available.
the loss of access to credit, employment, financial and other data from external sources could harm our ability to provide our products and services.
we rely extensively upon data from external sources to maintain our proprietary and non-proprietary databases, including data received from customers, strategic partners and various government and public record sources. this data includes the widespread and voluntary contribution of credit data from most lenders in the u.s and many other markets as well as the contribution of data under proprietary contractual agreements, such as employers' contribution of employment and income data to the work number, financial institutions' contribution of individual financial data to ixi, telecommunications, cable and utility companies' contribution of payment and fraud data to the national cable, telecommunications and utility exchange, and financial institutions' contribution of small business borrowing information to the small business financial exchange. although historically we have not experienced material issues in this regard, our data sources could withdraw, delay receipt of or increase the cost of their data provided to us for a variety of reasons, including legislatively or judicially imposed restrictions on use, security breaches or competitive reasons. where we currently have exclusive use of data, the providers of the data sources could elect to make the information available to competitors. we also compete with several of our third-party data suppliers. if a substantial number of data sources or certain key data sources were to withdraw or be unable to provide their data, if we were to lose access to data due to government regulation, if we lose exclusive right to the use of data, or if the collection of data becomes uneconomical, our ability to provide products and services to our clients could be materially adversely impacted, which could result in decreased revenue, net income and earnings per share.  there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain data from alternative sources if our current sources become unavailable.
our markets are highly competitive and new product introductions and pricing strategies being offered by our competitors could decrease our sales and market share or require us to enhance our products and services or reduce our prices in a manner that reduces our operating margins.
we operate in a number of geographic, product and service markets that are highly competitive. competitors may develop products and services that are superior to or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services. the size of our competitors varies across market segments, as do the resources we have allocated to the segments we target. therefore, some of our competitors may have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources than we do in one or more of our market segments, or overall. as a result, our competitors may be in a position to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, or may devote greater resources than we can to the development, enhancement, promotion, sale and support of products and services. moreover, new competitors or alliances among our competitors may emerge and potentially reduce our market share, revenue or margins.
we also sell our information to competing firms, and buy information from certain of our competitors, in order to sell "tri-bureau" and other products, most notably into the mortgage and direct to consumer markets. changes in prices between competitors for this information and/or changes in the design or sale of tri-bureau versus single bureau product offerings may affect our revenue or profitability.
some of our competitors may choose to sell products competitive to ours at lower prices by accepting lower margins and profitability, or may be able to sell products competitive to ours at lower prices given proprietary ownership of data, technological superiority or economies of scale. price reductions by our competitors could negatively impact our margins and results of operations and could also harm our ability to obtain new customers on favorable terms. historically, certain of our key products have experienced declines in per unit pricing due to competitive factors and customer demand. since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, information technology and development and other costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough to changes in competition or customer demand, we could experience further reductions in our operating margins.
if we do not introduce successful new products, services and analytical capabilities in a timely manner, our competitiveness and operating results will suffer.
we generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and changing industry standards. in addition, certain of the markets in which we operate are seasonal and cyclical. without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will become technologically or commercially obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. the success of our new products and services will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly identify customer needs; innovate and develop new technologies, services and applications; successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner; produce and deliver our products in sufficient volumes on time; differentiate our offerings from competitor offerings; price our products competitively; anticipate our competitors' development of new products, services or technological innovations; and control product quality in our product development process.
security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations, and could compromise company, customer and consumer information, exposing us to liability which could cause our business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, we rely upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including business-to-business and business-to-consumer electronic commerce and internal accounting and financial reporting systems. additionally, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of our customers, employees, consumers and suppliers, in data centers and on information technology networks. the secure and uninterrupted operation of these networks and systems, and of the processing and maintenance of this information, is critical to our business operations and strategy.
despite our substantial investment in physical and technological security measures, employee training, contractual precautions and business continuity plans, our information technology networks and infrastructure or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers could be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, shutdowns, or breaches of confidential information due to criminal conduct, denial of service or other advanced persistent attacks by hackers, breaches due to employee error or malfeasance, or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures or natural disasters or other catastrophic events.
we are regularly the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and must continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. although we have not experienced any material breach of cybersecurity, if one or more of such events occur, this potentially could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could subject us to litigation, significant losses, regulatory fines, penalties or reputational damage, any of which could have a material effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. our property and business interruption insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur. also, our third-party insurance coverage will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on availability, cost and our decisions with respect to risk retention.
our customers and we are subject to various current governmental regulations, and could be affected by new laws or regulations, compliance with which may cause us to incur significant expenses and change our business practices, and if we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain regulations, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
we are subject to a number of u.s. and state and foreign laws and regulations relating to consumer privacy, data and financial protection.  the fair credit reporting act (fcra) regulates the disclosure of consumer credit reports by consumer reporting agencies and the use of consumer report information by banks and other companies.  these regulations are complex, change frequently, have tended to become more stringent over time, and are subject to administrative interpretation and judicial construction in ways that could harm our business. foreign data protection, privacy, consumer protection and other laws and regulations are often more restrictive than those in the u.s.  there are also a number of legislative proposals pending before the u.s. congress, various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection that could affect us.  for example, new data protection regulations currently being considered by the european union ("eu") legislative bodies propose more stringent operational requirements for entities processing personal information, such as stronger safeguards for data transfers to non-eu countries, reliance on express consent from data subjects (as opposed to assumed or implied consent), a right to require data processors to delete personal data, and stronger enforcement authorities and mechanisms.
under title x of the dodd-frank act, the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb") has broad powers to promulgate, administer and enforce consumer financial regulations, including those applicable to us and to many of our customers.  the cfpb has oversight of the fair credit reporting act, as amended ("fcra"), the federal regulation most directly impacting u.s. operations. the cfpb is also charged with defining "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices", known as "udaap". also, where a company has violated title x of the dodd-frank act, or cfpb regulations under title x, the dodd-frank act empowers state attorneys general and state regulators to bring civil actions for the kind of cease and desist orders available to the cfpb (but not for civil penalties). during 2014, the cfpb announced more than 23 enforcement actions and imposed more than $112.6 million in civil penalties and nearly $1.8 billion in restitution. we are currently the subject of investigations by state attorneys general and the cfpb as more fully described under item. 3 legal proceedings in this form 10-k.
in the u.k., we are subject to a regulatory framework which provides for primary regulation by the financial conduct authority (the "fca").  the fca focuses on consumer protection and market regulation as well as prudential supervision of all other regulated financial institutions.  the fca has significant powers, including the power to regulate conduct related to the marketing of financial products, specify minimum standards and to place requirements on products, impose unlimited fines, and to investigate organizations and individuals.  in addition, the fca is able to ban financial products for up to a year while considering an indefinite ban; it has the power to instruct firms to immediately retract or modify promotions which it finds to be misleading, and to publish such decisions.  our core credit reporting ("credit reference") and debt collections services businesses in the u.k. are subject to fca supervision and we will require certain corporate and "approved person" authorizations from the fca to carry on such businesses.  the fca has fixed the dates by which credit reference agencies and collection businesses must apply for this authorization: credit reference agencies must apply by march 31, 2016 and debt collections services businesses must apply by june 30, 2015.  we are preparing to submit a license application for our collection business (tdx) by june 30, 2015. although we do not currently anticipate any issues in receiving authorization, to the extent applicable approvals are not obtained in a timely manner, or at all, we may not conduct these businesses in the u.k.
we are devoting substantial compliance, legal and operational business resources to facilitate compliance with applicable regulations and requirements. additionally, we cooperate with cfpb supervisory examinations and respond to other state and federal investigations of our business practices. any failure by us to comply with, or remedy any violations of, applicable laws and regulations could result in the curtailment of certain of our operations, the imposition of fines and penalties, and restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations. in addition, because many of our products are regulated or sold to customers in various industries, we must comply with additional regulations in marketing our products.  we cannot predict the ultimate impact on our business of new or proposed cfpb, fca or other rules, supervisory examinations or government investigations or enforcement actions.
these laws and regulations (as well as actions that may be taken by legislatures and regulatory bodies in other countries) and the consequences of any violation could limit our ability to pursue business opportunities we might otherwise consider engaging in, impose additional costs on us, result in significant loss of revenue, result in significant restitution and fines, impact the value of assets we hold, or otherwise significantly adversely affect our business. see "item 1. business - government regulation" in this form 10-k.
we are regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, supervisory examinations and other proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes.
we are regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, supervisory examinations and regulatory proceedings arising from the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to consumer protection and data protection, including purported class action lawsuits.  such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty.  regardless of their outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors.  in addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm, liability, penalties, or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, or requiring a change in our business practices, products or technologies, which could in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.  the fcra contains an attorney fee shifting provision to provide an incentive for consumers to bring individual and class action lawsuits against a cra for violation of the fcra, and the number of consumer lawsuits against us alleging a violation of fcra and our resulting costs associated with resolving these lawsuits have increased substantially over the past several years.
the acquisition, integration or divestiture of businesses by us may not produce the desired financial or operating results.
in january 2014, we acquired the tdx group (tdx), a debt placement service and debt management platform company in the united kingdom for approximately $323 million.  during 2013, we acquired trustedid, a direct-to-consumer identity protection business, and several smaller international businesses. we also completed the integration of the credit services business and assets we acquired from csc credit services, inc. on december 28, 2012 for $1.0 billion.  expected benefits, synergies and growth from these initiatives may not materialize as planned. we may have difficulty assimilating new businesses and their products, services, technologies and personnel into our operations. these difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and workforce, increase our expenses and materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. also, we may not be able to retain key management and other critical employees after an acquisition.
dependence on outsourcing certain portions of our operations may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively.
as part of our efforts to streamline operations and to reduce operating costs, we have outsourced various components of our application development, information technology, operational support and administrative functions and will continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. although we have implemented service level agreements and have established monitoring controls, if our outsourcing vendors fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to market and support our customers, and our reputation could suffer. any failure to perform on the part of these third-party providers could impair our ability to operate effectively and could result in lower future revenue, unexecuted efficiencies and adversely impact our results of operations and our financial condition. much of our outsourcing takes place in developing countries and, as a result, may be subject to geopolitical uncertainty.
the impact of consolidation in our customer end markets is difficult to predict and may harm our business.
the financial services, mortgage, retail and telecommunications industries to which we sell our products and services are intensely competitive and have been subject to increasing consolidation. continuation of the consolidation trends in these and other industries could result in lower average prices for the larger combined entities, lower combined purchases of our services than were purchased cumulatively by separate entities prior to consolidation or existing competitors increasing their market share in newly consolidated entities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we may not be able to compete successfully in an increasingly consolidated industry and cannot predict with certainty how industry consolidation will affect our competitors or us.
the demand for some of our products and services may be negatively impacted to the extent the availability of free or less expensive consumer information increases.
public or commercial, sources of free or relatively inexpensive consumer credit, credit score and other information have become increasingly available, particularly through the internet, and this trend is expected to continue.  governmental agencies in particular have increased the amount of information to which they provide free public access and these or other sources of free or relatively inexpensive consumer information from competitors or other commercial sources may reduce demand for our services, particularly in our usis and personal solutions business units.  to the extent that our customers choose not to obtain services from us and instead rely on information obtained at no cost or relatively inexpensively from these public sources, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
our retirement and post-retirement pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect our future results of operations and cash flows.
we have significant retirement and post retirement pension plan assets and obligations. the performance of the financial markets and interest rates impact our plan expenses and funding obligations. significant decreases in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets will increase our funding obligations, and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
if our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business could suffer.
we derive a portion of our revenue from direct and indirect sales to u.s., state, local and foreign governments and their respective agencies. such contracts are subject to various procurement laws and regulations, and contract provisions relating to their formation, administration and performance. failure to comply with these laws, regulations or provisions in our government contracts could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, or suspension of future government contracting. if our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business could suffer.
third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services.
from time to time, third parties may claim that one or more of our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. we analyze and take action in response to such claims on a case by case basis. any dispute or litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming due to the complexity of our technology and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. a claim of intellectual property infringement could force us to enter into a costly or restrictive license agreement, which might not be available under acceptable terms or at all, or could subject us to significant damages or to an injunction against development and sale of certain of our products or services. our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of intellectual property infringement. in certain of our businesses we rely on third-party intellectual property licenses and we cannot ensure that these licenses will be available to us in the future on favorable terms or at all.
third parties may infringe our intellectual property and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights.
our success increasingly depends on our proprietary technology. we rely on various intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, database rights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements, to establish our proprietary rights. the extent to which such rights can be protected varies in different jurisdictions. if we do not enforce our intellectual property rights successfully our competitive position may suffer which could harm our operating results. our pending patent and trademark applications may not be allowed or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property rights. in addition, our patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not provide us a significant competitive advantage.
we may need to spend significant resources monitoring our intellectual property rights and we may or may not be able to detect infringement by third parties. our competitive position may be harmed if we cannot detect infringement and enforce our intellectual property rights quickly or at all. in some circumstances, enforcement may not be available to us because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons. in addition, competitors might avoid infringement by designing around our intellectual property rights or by developing non-infringing competing technologies. intellectual property rights and our ability to enforce them may be unavailable or limited in some countries which could make it easier for competitors to capture market share and could result in lost revenue.
economic, political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations.
sales outside the u.s. comprised 26% of our net operating revenue in 2014 and, as a result, our business is subject to various risks associated with doing business internationally. we anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent an increasing portion of our total revenue. in addition, many of our employees, suppliers, job functions and facilities are located outside the u.s. accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors including:
•   changes in specific country or region political, economic or other conditions;
•   data privacy and consumer protection regulations;
•   differing labor, intellectual property protection and technology standards and regulations;
•   business licensing requirements or other requirements relating to making foreign direct investments, which could increase our cost of doing business in certain jurisdictions, prevent us from entering certain markets, increase our operating costs or lead to penalties or restrictions;
•   difficulties associated with repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner;
•   implementation of exchange controls;
•   geopolitical instability, including terrorism and war; and
•   foreign currency changes.
we earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including among others the british pound, the canadian dollar, the brazilian real, the argentine peso, the chilean peso and the euro. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenue, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against other major currencies will affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. in 2014, a general weakening of foreign currencies in countries where we have operations against the u.s. dollar had a negative impact on our results as reported in u.s. dollars.  see "segment financial results - international - latin america" and "- canada consumer" and "effects of inflation and changes in foreign currency exchange rates" in the management's discussion and analysis section of this form 10-k. because of the geographic diversity of our operations, weaknesses in some currencies might be offset by strengths in others over time. we generally do not mitigate the risks associated with fluctuating exchange rates, although we may from time to time through forward contracts or other derivative instruments hedge a portion of our translational foreign currency exposure or exchange rate risks associated with material transactions which are denominated in a foreign currency. the use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. accordingly, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against major currencies, may materially affect our consolidated financial results.
we also have a cost method investment in a credit information company in brazil valued in brazilian reais.  economic and competition risks within brazil, and the company's ability to successfully implement its strategic and operating plans, have had an adverse financial impact on the value of our investment and could result in an additional impairment of the investment.
compliance with applicable u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, such as anti-corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange controls and restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other similar restraints, data privacy requirements, labor laws and anti-competition relations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions.  although we have implemented policies and procedures to comply with these laws and regulations, a violation by our employees, contractors or agents could nevertheless occur.
a downgrade to our credit ratings would increase our cost of borrowing under our credit facility and adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets.
the cost of borrowing under our unsecured revolving credit facility that matures on december 19, 2017 (the "credit agreement") and our ability and the terms under which we may access the credit markets are affected by credit ratings assigned to our indebtedness by the major credit rating agencies.  these ratings are premised on our performance under assorted financial metrics, such as leverage and interest coverage ratios and other measures of financial strength, business and financial risk, industry conditions, transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting.  our current ratings have served to lower our borrowing costs and facilitate access to a variety of lenders.  however, there can be no assurance that our credit ratings or outlook will not be lowered in the future in response to adverse changes in these metrics caused by our operating results or by actions that we take, such as incurring additional indebtedness or by returning excess cash to shareholders through dividends or under our share repurchase program.  a downgrade of our credit ratings would increase our cost of borrowing under the credit agreement, negatively affect our ability to access the capital markets on advantageous terms, or at all, negatively affect the trading price of our securities and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in interest rates could adversely affect our cost of capital and net income.
rising interest rates, credit market dislocations and decisions and actions by credit rating agencies can affect the availability and cost of our funding and adversely affect our net income.
our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel.
our future success depends partly on the continued service of our key development, sales, marketing, executive and administrative personnel. additionally, increased retention risk exists in certain key areas of our operations that require specialized skills, such as maintenance of certain legacy computer systems, data security experts and analytical modelers. if we fail to retain and hire a sufficient number of these personnel, we will not be able to maintain or expand our business. we believe our pay levels are competitive within the regions in which we operate. however, there is also intense competition for certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas where we continue to recruit, and it may become more difficult to retain our key employees.
changes in income tax laws can significantly impact our net income.
federal and state governments in the u.s. as well as a number of other governments around the world are currently facing significant fiscal pressures and have considered or may consider changes to their tax laws for revenue raising or economic competiveness reasons. changes to tax laws can have immediate impacts, either favorable or unfavorable, on our results of operations and cash flows, and may impact our competitive position versus certain competitors who are domiciled in other jurisdictions and subject to different tax laws.
we are subject to a variety of other general risks and uncertainties inherent in doing business.
in addition to the specific factors discussed above, we are subject to risks that are inherent to doing business. these include growth rates, general economic and political conditions, customer satisfaction with the quality of our services, costs of obtaining insurance, changes in unemployment rates, and other events that can impact revenue and the cost of doing business.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as used herein, the terms equifax, the company, we, our and us refer to equifax inc., a georgia corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries as a combined entity, except where it is clear that the terms mean only equifax inc.
all references to earnings per share data in management's discussion and analysis, or md&a, are to diluted earnings per share, or eps, unless otherwise noted. diluted eps is calculated to reflect the potential dilution that would occur if stock options or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and resulted in additional common shares outstanding.
business overview we are a leading global provider of information solutions, employment and income verifications and human resources business process outsourcing services. we leverage some of the largest sources of consumer and commercial data, along with advanced analytics and proprietary technology, to create customized insights which enable our business customers to grow faster, more efficiently and more profitably, and to inform and empower consumers.
businesses rely on us for consumer and business credit intelligence, credit portfolio management, fraud detection, decisioning technology, marketing tools, and human resources-related services. we also offer a portfolio of products that enable individual consumers to manage their financial affairs and protect their identity. beginning in 2014, we also provide information, technology and services to support the debt collections and recovery management. our revenue stream is diversified among businesses across a wide range of industries, international geographies and individual consumers.
segment and geographic information segments. the u.s. information solutions, or usis, segment, the largest of our four segments, consists of three product and service lines: online information solutions; mortgage solutions; and financial marketing services. online information solutions and mortgage solutions revenue is principally transaction-based and is derived from our sales of products such as consumer and commercial credit reporting and scoring, identity management and authentication, fraud detection and modeling services. usis also markets certain of our decisioning products which facilitate and automate a variety of consumer and commercial credit-oriented decisions. financial marketing services revenue is principally project- and subscription-based and is derived from our sales of batch credit, consumer wealth or demographic information such as those that assist clients in acquiring new customers, cross-selling to existing customers and managing portfolio risk.
on july 1, 2014 the north america commerical solutions ("nacs") operating segment was consolidated into the u.s. consumer information solutions and international operating segments. the change was driven by an enterprise wide distribution marketing strategy to maximize the penetration of our products and services in our targeted markets. in an effort to accelerate our penetration and simplify how our commercial information customers interact with us, we have reorganized our operating segments. the u.s. portion of the nacs operating segment was consolidated into the u.s. consumer information solutions operating segment. the combined operating segment was renamed u.s. information solutions ("usis"). the canadian portion of the nacs operating segment was consolidated into the canada operations of the international operating segment.
the international segment consists of latin america, europe and canada. canada's products and services are similar to our usis offerings, while europe and latin america are made up of varying mixes of product lines that are in our usis and north america personal solutions reportable segments, as well as information, technology and services for debt collections and recovery management .
the workforce solutions segment consists of the verification services and employer services business units. verification services revenue is transaction based and is derived primarily from employment, income and social security number verifications. employer services revenues are derived from our provision of certain human resources business process outsourcing services that include both transaction- and subscription-based product offerings. these services assist our clients with the administration of unemployment claims and employer-based tax credits and the handling of certain payroll-related transaction processing.
north america personal solutions revenue is both transaction- and subscription-based and is derived from the sale of credit monitoring and identity theft protection products, which we deliver electronically to consumers primarily via the internet and to a lesser extent through mail.
geographic information. we currently operate in the following countries: argentina, brazil, canada, chile, costa rica, ecuador, el salvador, honduras, mexico, paraguay, peru, portugal, the republic of ireland, spain, the u.k., uruguay, and the u.s. our operations in the republic of ireland focus on data handling and customer support activities. we have an investment in the second largest consumer and commercial credit information company in brazil and offer consumer credit services in india and russia through joint ventures. of the countries we operate in, 74% of our revenue was generated in the u.s. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014.
key performance indicators. management focuses on a variety of key indicators to monitor operating and financial performance. these performance indicators include measurements of operating revenue, change in operating revenue, operating income, operating margin, net income, diluted earnings per share, cash provided by operating activities and capital expenditures. key performance indicators for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, include the following:
key performance indicatorstwelve months endeddecember 31,
(in millions, except per share data)
operating revenue change                                            6       %                      11       %                      10       %
cash provided by operating activities                          $616.2                          $569.0                          $496.3
capital expenditures                                           $(86.4       )                  $(83.3       )                  $(66.0       )
business environment and company outlook demand for our services tends to be correlated to general levels of economic activity, to consumer credit activity, to a lesser extent small commercial credit and marketing activity, in addition to our initiatives to expand our product offering and markets served. in 2014, the united states experienced modest growth in overall economic activity and a year-over-year decline in consumer mortgage activity. in this environment, equifax revenue growth continued to benefit from our product development and market initiatives which more than offset the declines in mortgage related revenues. in 2015, we continue to expect modest growth in overall economic activity and consumer credit. we expect mortgage market origination activity to grow modestly for the year, largely in the first half, due to continued low interest rates. internationally, the environment continues to be challenging as various countries address their particular political, fiscal and economic issues. in addition, continued weakening in foreign exchange rates will negatively impact growth in revenue and profit when reported in u.s. dollars. offsetting these challenges, we expect that our ongoing investments in new product innovation, business execution, enterprise growth initiatives, technology infrastructure, and continuous process improvement will enable us to deliver long-term average organic revenue growth ranging between 6% and 8% with additional growth of 1% to 2% derived from strategic acquisitions consistent with our long term business strategy. we also expect to grow earnings per share at a somewhat faster rate than revenue over time as a result of both operating and financial leverage.
consolidated financial results operating revenue from continuing operations twelve months ended december 31,                                                                  change
u.s. information solutions                $1,104.8                $1,084.5                  $934.4                $20.3              2    %          $150.1             16    %
workforce solutions                          490.1                   474.1                   442.1                 16.0              3    %            32.0              7    %
revenue for 2014 increased by 6% compared to 2013. the growth was driven by the acquisition of tdx in the first quarter of 2014 ("tdx acquisition") and the impact of strategic growth initiatives across our businesses. the growth was offset by the expected decline in mortgage market activity. the fourth quarter of 2014 benefited from the relative improvement in mortgage activity in the u.s., which declined in the second half of 2013 through 2014, but at a lesser rate in fourth quarter of 2014.  this expected decline reduced reported growth rates in our usis and workforce solutions business units for 2014 as compared to the same period for 2013.  the effect of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by $34.9 million or 1% in the 2014 compared to 2013.
revenue for 2013 increased by 11% compared to 2012. the growth was driven by the acquisition of csc credit services in the fourth quarter of 2012 ("csc credit services acquisition") and the impact of strategic growth initiatives across our businesses. the growth was offset by the expected net decline in mortgage market activity. the first half of 2013 benefited from the impact of increased mortgage refinancing activity in the u.s., which, as expected, began to decline in the second half of 2013 as compared to the prior year.  this expected decline reduced reported growth rates in our usis and workforce solutions business units for the second half of 2013 as compared to the first half of 2013.  the effect of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by $20.4 million in the 2013 compared to 2012.
operating expenses twelve months ended december 31,                                                                change
cost of services. cost of services increased $57.4 million in 2014 compared to the prior year. the increase in cost of services, when compared to 2013, was due primarily to the acquisition of tdx in the first quarter of 2014 and the 2013 acquisitions. the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates reduced cost of services by $7.7 million.
cost of services increased $27.8 million in 2013 compared to the prior year. the increase in cost of services, when compared to 2012, was due primarily to increased salary and benefit costs of $27.8 million as well as smaller increases across other categories. the csc credit services acquisition did not have a material impact on cost of services as this business had already been processed on our systems under our previous affiliate arrangement. the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates reduced cost of services by $4.9 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased $35.9 million in 2014 as compared to 2013.  the increase was due to the impact of the tdx acquisition in the first quarter of 2014 and the 2013 acquisitions, an increase in litigation and regulatory compliance expenses, including a third quarter 2014 settlement of a legal dispute over certain software license agreements, and an increase in incentives. these increases were partially offset by decreases in marketing and professional services expenses, as well as smaller decreases in expense in various other categories. the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our selling, general and administrative expenses by $6.8 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $42.3 million in 2013 as compared to 2012.  the increase was due to increased salary, severance, advertising, litigation and regulatory compliance expenses of $56.4 million as well as smaller increases in expense in various categories as we continue to support our business growth.  2013 expenses were also impacted by the csc credit services acquisition which contributed approximately $19 million of incremental selling, general and administrative expenses some of which are transitional expenses as we integrate the business. these expenses were partially offset by the $38.7 million non-cash pension settlement charge that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2012 and declines in incentive costs.  the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our selling, general and administrative expenses by $4.4 million.
depreciation and amortization. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2014, as compared to 2013, was driven by $18.5 million of incremental expense resulting from the tdx acquisition primarily related to amortization of purchased intangibles.  the tdx acquisition amortization is partially offset by certain purchased intangible assets related to the talx acquisition in 2007 that became fully amortized during the second quarter of 2013.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2013, as compared to 2012, was driven by $49.1 million of incremental expense resulting from the csc credit services acquisition primarily related to amortization of purchased intangibles.  the csc credit services acquisition amortization is partially offset by certain purchased intangible assets related to the talx acquisition in 2007 that became fully amortized during the second quarter of 2013 as well as other miscellaneous purchased intangible assets that fully depreciated during 2013.
operating income and operating margin twelve months ended december 31,                                                                         change operating income and operating margin                                                                                                    2014 vs. 2013                        2013 vs. 2012
consolidated operating margin                      26.2    %               26.5    %               23.2    %                             (0.3)pts                                 3.3   pts total company margin decreased slightly in 2014 due to a third quarter 2014 settlement of a legal dispute over certain software license agreements and increased cost of services and acquisition-related amortization expense related to the acquisition of tdx. the decrease was partially offset by a reduction in amortization of certain purchased intangible assets related to our talx corporation acquisition in 2007 that became fully amortized during the second quarter of 2013.
in 2013, operating income  increased faster than revenue due to margin improvements in our workforce solutions and north america personal solutions businesses, reflecting rapid revenue growth and the ability to leverage our existing cost base. operating income in 2012 was also negatively impacted by the $38.7 million pension settlement recorded during the fourth quarter of 2012.
interest expense and other income (expense), net twelve months ended december 31,                                                                change
interest expense decreased slightly in 2014, when compared to 2013, due to the pay-off of our 7.34% notes and 4.45% senior notes during 2014.  our consolidated debt balance increased, as compared to the prior year, as a result of commercial paper issued to fund the majority of the acquisition price of tdx.  the decrease in the average cost of debt for 2014 is due to the pay-off of our 7.34% notes and 4.45% senior notes and additional low rate commercial paper outstanding on average, which caused the average cost of debt to decrease as compared to the prior year.
interest expense increased in 2013, when compared to 2012, due to the issuance of $500 million of 3.30% ten-year senior notes in december 2012 to fund the csc credit services acquisition.  our consolidated debt balance decreased, as compared to the prior year, as a result of paying down $265.0 million of commercial paper during 2013 that was used to partially fund the csc credit services acquisition.  the decrease in the average cost of debt for 2013 is due to the issuance of the $500 million senior notes at a low interest rate and additional low rate commercial paper outstanding on average, which caused the average cost of debt to decrease as compared to the prior year.
the increase in other income (expense), net, in 2014 is due to the impairment of our cost method investment representing a 15% equity interest in boa vista servicos s.a. ("bvs") recorded in 2013, which did not recur in 2014. other income (expense), net in 2014 also includes $7.0 million in foreign exchange losses related to dividends declared by our subsidiary in argentina and losses incurred in repatriating these funds.  these losses were partially offset by an increase in our equity in the earnings of our russian joint venture.
the decrease in other income (expense), net, in 2013 is due to the impairment of our cost method investment representing a 15% equity interest in bvs recorded in 2013.   during the fourth quarter of 2013, the management of bvs revised its near-term outlook and its operating plans to reflect reduced near-term market expectations for credit information services in brazil and increased investment needed to achieve its strategic objectives.  as a result of these changes, and the associated near-term changes in cash flow expected from the business, we recorded a 40 million brazilian reais ($17.0 million) impairment of our original investment of 130 million brazilian reais.  if the economic growth in brazil remains at lower than trend levels for an extended period or if bvs is unsuccessful in effectively implementing its strategy, further write-downs could be recognized in future periods. other income (expense), net in 2013 also includes $6.5 million in foreign exchange losses related to dividends declared by our subsidiary in argentina and losses incurred in repatriating these funds.  these losses were partially offset by an increase in our equity in the earnings of our russian joint venture.
income taxes twelve months ended december 31,      change
provision for income taxes                              2014   2013                  2012                     $                     %            $                     %
consolidated provision for income taxes         $(200.2   )         $(188.9     )         $(156.0     )       $(11.3      )    6         %       $(32.9      )    21        %
overall, our effective tax rate was 34.9% for 2014, down from 35.6% for the same period in 2013.  the 2014 rate benefited by 1.1% as compared to the 2013 rate due to the favorable impact of 2014 international, permanent and discrete items.  the 2014 effective rate increased by 0.4% as compared to 2013 due to increases in state income tax rates, which became effective or enacted in 2014. we expect our effective tax rate in 2015 to be in the range of 35% to 36%.
our effective tax rate was 35.6% for 2013, down from 36.2% for the same period in 2012.  the 2013 rate benefited by 3.7% as compared to the 2012 rate due to the unfavorable impact in 2012 of certain one-time effects caused by certain international tax planning implemented during 2012.  this was offset by a one-time 2.8% benefit in 2012 associated with a tax method change approved by tax authorities in 2012.  the 2013 effective rate increased by 0.6% as compared to 2012 due to increases in state income tax rates, which became effective in 2013.
net income twelve months ended december 31,                                                                  change
consolidated provision for income taxes                                       (200.2    )           (188.9    )           (156.0    )         (11.3    )           6   %            (32.9    )        21   %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                             (6.6    )             (8.1    )             (8.7    )           1.5              (19   )%             0.6             (7   )%
consolidated net income from continuing operations increased by $32.5 million, or 10%, in 2014 compared to 2013 due to increased operating income in our usis, workforce solutions and north america personal solutions operating segments, and a lower effective income tax rate, partially offset by declines in the international operating segment. the increase in net income attributable to equifax for 2014, as compared to the prior year, was partially offset by the absence of earnings from the discontinued operations, including a gain on the disposition of those operations, which benefited the prior year period.
consolidated net income from continuing operations increased by $66.2 million, or 24%, in 2013 compared to 2012 due to increased operating income in all four of our operating segments, net of associated income taxes and higher interest expense, as a result of our csc credit services acquisition. net income attributable to equifax for 2013, as compared to the prior year, also benefited from increased income from discontinued operations, driven by an $18.4 million gain, after tax, on the sale of our talent management services and equifax settlement services business lines. this gain was primarily the result of an income tax benefit of $18.1 million, including $14.3 million of current tax benefits.  this increase was partially offset by the absence of earnings from the discontinued operations which benefited the prior year period.
segment financial results u.s. information solutions twelve months ended december 31,                                                                      change u.s. information solutions                                                                                            2014 vs. 2013                             2013 vs. 2012
online information solutions            $801.3                  $770.3                $676.1             $31.0              4     %           $94.2                   14   %
financial marketing services             197.8                   199.9                 163.8              (2.1    )        (1    )%   36.1                            22   %
operating margin                          38.8    %               37.8    %             38.1    %                         1.0   pts                             (0.3)pts u.s. information solutions revenue increased 2% in 2014 as compared to the prior year. solid growth from strategic product and market penetration as well as pricing initiatives were partially offset by the expected decline in mortgage market activity compared to the first half of 2013 when mortgage refinancing activity was still high.
u.s. information solutions revenue increased 16% in 2013 as compared to the prior year. the csc credit services acquisition contributed to 14% of the revenue growth in 2013.  the remaining growth resulted from strategic product and market penetration as well as pricing initiatives in the mortgage market more than offseting the decline from lower mortgage market activity in 2013.
online information solutions. revenue for 2014 increased 4% when compared to the prior year. core credit report transaction volume increased 12% in 2014 compared to the prior year due to increased volumes to customers in the financial services market, auto industry and our key client program. the period also benefited from growth in our identity and fraud solutions business. these increases were partially offset by lower average unit revenue due to a less favorable mix of business and a lower proportion of reports sold into the mortgage resale market.
revenue for 2013 increased 14% when compared to the prior year.  this increase was driven primarily by the incremental revenue from the csc credit services acquisition as compared to the prior year. excluding the csc credit services acquisition, revenue increased 1% in 2013 as compared to a year ago. a 3% decline in 2013 in organic credit report transaction volume compared to the prior year was due to a decline in mortgage-related credit report volume and lower volume from select high volume but lower priced accounts in the financial services market as well as changes in usage in the telecommunications sector.  this was offset by higher average unit revenue due to pricing initiatives and more favorable mix.
mortgage solutions. revenue decreased 8% in 2014 when compared to prior year due primarily to the expected lower mortgage refinancing activity.
revenue increased 21% in 2013 when compared to the prior year period, due primarily to the incremental revenue resulting from the csc credit services acquisition, which contributed 18% of the growth in 2013. revenue also benefited from an increase in new product sales and market share gains from existing customers.
financial marketing services. revenue decreased 1% in 2014 as compared to 2013. the decline was driven by one-time revenue recognized in 2013 related to the collection of amounts billed in 2012 which did not recur in 2014. the decline is partially offset by strong growth in our customer base for our wealth-based consumer information services products.
revenue increased $36.1 million, or 22%, in 2013, as compared to 2012. revenue related to the csc credit services acquisition contributed approximately 11% of the revenue growth in 2013, with the remainder coming from account acquisition and analytical services products delivered to members of our key client program. revenue also benefited from the collection of certain reserved billings related to both 2013 and 2012.
u.s. information solutions operating margin. usis operating margin increased to 38.8% in 2014 as compared to 2013 of 37.8%. margin expansion resulted from realized synergies related to our csc credit services acquisition completed at the end of 2012 including certain transitional expenses in 2013 that did not recur in 2014. the increase in margin for 2014 was partially offset by a third quarter 2014 settlement of a legal dispute over certain software license agreements of $7.9 million. usis operating margin decreased to 37.8% in 2013 as compared to 2012 of 38.1%. margin expansion from revenue growth was more than offset by increased depreciation and amortization expense and certain transitional expenses, both related to the csc credit services acquisition, and increased investments in growth initiatives. the increased depreciation and amortization expense was primarily a result of the additional $49.1 million in 2013 of acquisition-related amortization expense related to the csc credit services acquisition.
international twelve months ended december 31,       change
operating margin                     22.4    %             29.2    %             29.9    %                             (6.8)pts                                (0.7)pts international revenue increased by 16% in 2014 as compared to 2013. local currency international revenue increased by 23% in 2014 as compared to prior year. local currency revenue grew 15% as a result of our first quarter 2014 acquisition of tdx and our fourth quarter 2013 acquisitions in paraguay and mexico. local currency revenue increased 8% due to organic growth across the geographies, primarily the u.k., argentina, and canada. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $34.9 million, or 7%.
international revenue increased by 5% in 2013 as compared to 2012. local currency revenue increased 10% due to growth across the geographies, primarily the u.k., argentina, and canada. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $20.5 million, or 4%.
latin america. local currency revenue increased 18% in 2014 driven by growth in argentina, peru, chile, uruguay and ecuador. approximately half of this growth was organic growth in argentina and other countries, while the other half resulted from the fourth quarter 2013 acquisitions in paraguay and mexico. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $37.4 million, or 19%, in 2014, most notably due to depreciation in the foreign exchange rate of the argentine peso. reported revenue decreased 1% in 2014.
in local currency, revenue growth was 12% in 2013 as compared to 2012 driven most significantly by growth in argentina and to a lesser extent growth in paraguay, ecuador and uruguay.  this growth was offset by a modest decline in chile in the first half of 2013 due to regulatory changes in the allowable uses of credit information, which impact on year over year comparisons was anniversaried late in the first half of 2013.  local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $15.6 million, or 8%, in 2013 principally due to depreciation in the foreign exchange rate of the argentine peso. reported revenue increased 4% in 2013 as compared to the prior year.
europe. local currency revenue growth was 42% in 2014 primarily due to the acquisition of tdx in the first quarter of 2014 which represented 33 percentage points of the growth in 2014. the remaining 9 percentage points of the growth were driven by increased revenue in the u.k. across most product segments, despite continued challenging economic conditions. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar positively impacted revenue by $13.6 million, or 7%, for 2014. reported revenue increased 49% in 2014.
local currency revenue increased 11% in 2013 compared to the same periods in 2012. the revenue growth was driven by increased revenue in the u.k., most notably from personal solutions offerings and from consumer credit information sold into new vertical markets, and in spain from analytical services and new vertical market penetration, despite continued challenging economic conditions in both countries.  local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $0.1 million. reported revenue also increased 11% in 2013.
canada. local currency revenue increased 6% in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to new customers within marketing and decision solutions and monitoring services as a result of breach business, as well as, growth in information services.  local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $11.1 million, or 7%, in 2014. reported revenue decreased 1% in 2014.
local currency revenue increased 4% in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to new customers within our technology services sector along with growth in information and analytical services.   local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $4.7 million, or 3%, which resulted in 1% reported revenue growth in 2013 as compared to 2012.
international operating margin. operating margin decreased to 22.4% in 2014 as compared to 29.2% in 2013. the decline primarily resulted from the recent acquisitions, including increased acquisition-related amortization expense of $23.3 million in 2014, related to the recent acquisitions. the decline in margin was also a result of inflation-driven pressures on margin in argentina. operating margin decreased in 2013 as compared to 2012 as the revenue growth was more than offset by increased investments in new business and strategic initiatives across most geographies in order to support future revenue growth.
workforce solutions twelve months ended december 31,                                                                change
workforce solutions                       2014                  2013                  2012                       $          %                       $          %
operating margin                     32.8    %             30.1    %             24.1    %                          2.7   pts                          6.0   pts verification services. revenue increased 5% in 2014 compared to prior year, due to strong growth in non-mortgage verticals, which was partially offset by the expected decline in mortgage-related verification revenue in 2014 driven by the anticipated decline in mortgage market activity in 2014. the revenue growth in non-mortgage verticals was primarily a result of increased revenue mostly related to government, pre-employment and auto segments.
revenue increased 8% in 2013 compared to the prior year period.  in 2013, strong growth in non-mortgage verticals was offset by a slight decline in mortgage-related verification revenue due to the expected decline in mortgage market activity in the second half of 2013.  the growth in non-mortgage verticals was primarily a result of increased revenue mostly related to government, pre-employment and consumer finance customer segments.
employer services. revenue grew 1% in 2014, as compared to 2013. revenue growth was due to growth in our transaction-based services business and workforce analytics business. the growth in 2014 was partially offset by lower unemployment claims activity and a decline in revenue related to the non-renewal of the federal work opportunity tax credit program in 2014.
2013 revenue increased 6% as compared to 2012. revenue growth due to the renewal of the federal work opportunity tax credit program at the end of 2012 and growth in our transaction-based services business was partially offset by lower overall claims activity in our unemployment cost management business and the expiration of the hire act tax credit.
workforce solutions operating margin. operating margin for 2014 increased compared to prior year. margin expansion in 2014 was driven by a higher mix of high margin business compared to 2013, as well as cost management initiatives executed during the year. margin improvement was also driven by lower acquisition-related amortization due to certain purchased intangible assets related to our talx corporation acquisition in 2007 that became fully amortized during the second quarter of 2013. operating margin for 2013 increased significantly compared to 2012. margin expansion was driven by strong revenue growth in products with a high degree of fixed costs, strategic initiatives implemented to reduce costs, and from lower acquisition-related amortization.
north america personal solutions twelve months ended december 31,      change north america personal solutions                                                                       2014 vs. 2013                     2013 vs. 2012
operating margin                            31.0    %             28.2    %             27.2    %                         2.8   pts                         1.0   pts revenue increased 4% for 2014, as compared to prior year, principally due to the acquisition of trustedid in the third quarter of 2013 and subscription revenue in canada. direct to consumer, equifax-branded u.s.-based subscription service revenue was up 1% in 2014 as a result of higher average revenue per subscriber. this growth was largely offset by declines primarily in transaction revenue, as well as revenue from legacy partners and breach. operating margin increased in 2014 as compared to prior year, as increased salaries, legal expenses and acquisition-related amortization due to the acquisition of trustedid in the third quarter of 2013 was more than offset by lower marketing expenses.
revenue increased 12% in 2013 as compared to the prior year primarily due to increased direct to consumer, equifax-branded u.s.-based subscription service revenue which was up 10% in 2013 as well as strong growth of services in the canadian market and the acquisition of trustedid completed in the third quarter of 2013. the increase in the direct to consumer, equifax-branded u.s.-based subscription service revenue was driven by new product sales and higher average revenue per subscriber, reflecting additional features in the equifax product offering, as well as growth in subscribers. transaction sales, breach services, and revenue from traditional partners each declined slightly. operating margin increased in 2013 as compared to the prior year due to lower monitoring and credit file expenses resulting from the csc credit services acquisition, partially offset by the increased investment in sales and marketing expenses and the impact of the third quarter 2013 acquisition.
general corporate expense twelve months ended december 31,                                change
our general corporate expenses are unallocated costs that are incurred at the corporate level and include those expenses impacted by corporate direction, including shared services, administrative, legal, restructuring, and the portion of management incentive compensation determined by total company-wide performance. general corporate expense was comparable to 2013.
general corporate expenses decreased by $28.5 million in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to the $38.7 million pension settlement recorded in 2012 partially offset by higher salary, benefit and restructuring costs as well as spending to support corporate growth and infrastructure initiatives.
liquidity and financial condition management assesses liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund operating, investing and financing activities. we continue to generate substantial cash from operating activities and remain in a strong financial position managing our capital structure to meet short- and long-term objectives including reinvestment in existing businesses and strategic acquisitions.
sources and uses of cash funds generated by operating activities and our credit facilities continue to be our most significant sources of liquidity. we expect that funds generated from results of operations will be sufficient to finance our anticipated working capital and other cash requirements (such as capital expenditures, interest payments, debt payments, potential pension funding contributions and dividend payments) for the foreseeable future. in the event that credit market conditions were to deteriorate, we would rely more heavily on borrowings from the senior credit facility, as described below. at december 31, 2014, $368.8 million was available to borrow under our senior credit facility. our senior credit facility does not include a provision under which lenders could refuse to allow us to borrow under this facility in the event of a material adverse change in our financial condition, as long as we are in compliance with the covenants contained in the lending agreement.
information about our cash flows, by category, is presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows. the following table summarizes our cash flows for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
twelve months ended december 31,                                  change net cash provided by (used in):   2014                 2013                  2012                       2014 vs. 2013           2013 vs. 2012
operating activities                  $616.2                $569.0                $496.3                $47.2                   $72.7
investing activities                  $(429.3     )         $(136.3     )         $(1,083.6     )       $(293.0       )         $947.3
financing activities                  $(283.4     )         $(333.1     )         $606.3                $49.7                   $(939.4       )
operating activities cash provided by operating activities for 2014 increased by $47.2 million over the prior year.  cash provided from net income, excluding the impact of the 2013 divestitures, the impairment of our cost method investment in 2013, the impact of depreciation and amortization and stock based compensation expense, increased $35.9 million. the remaining increase in cash from operations was driven by changes in net working capital in 2014 as compared to 2013.
cash provided by operating activities for 2013 increased by $72.7 million compared to 2012.  cash provided from net income, excluding the impact of the 2013 divestitures, the impairment of our cost method investment in 2013, the impact of the 2012 pension settlement, and adjusting for an increase in amortization expense resulting from the csc credit services acquisition, increased $65.3 million.  this increase in cash from operations was driven by the increase in net income in 2013 as compared to 2012.
fund transfer limitations. the ability of certain of our subsidiaries and associated companies to transfer funds to us is limited, in some cases, by certain restrictions imposed by foreign governments, such as argentina; these restrictions do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially limit our ability to service our indebtedness, meet our current obligations or pay dividends. we currently hold $123.4 million of cash in our foreign subsidiaries.
investing activities twelve months ended december 31,                                change net cash used in:      2014                 2013                  2012                     2014 vs. 2013           2013 vs. 2012
capital expenditures       $(86.4      )         $(83.3      )         $(66.0      )       $(3.1         )         $(17.3        )
our capital expenditures are used for developing, enhancing and deploying new and existing software in support of our expanding product set, replacing or adding equipment, updating systems for regulatory compliance, licensing of standard software applications, investing in system reliability, security and disaster recovery enhancements, and updating or expanding our office facilities.
capital expenditures in 2014 were not materially different from 2013 as we are continuing to invest in new products and technology infrastructure. capital expenditures in 2013 increased from 2012 as we continued to invest in new products and technology infrastructure.
acquisitions, divestitures and investments twelve months ended december 31,                                  change net cash provided by (used in):                2014                 2013                  2012                       2014 vs. 2013           2013 vs. 2012
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                 $(341.0     )         $(91.4      )         $(1,016.4     )       $(249.6       )         $925.0
cash received from divestitures                    $0.6                  $47.5                 $2.5                  $(46.9        )         $45.0
investment in unconsolidated affiliates, net       $(2.5       )         $(9.1       )         $(3.7         )       $6.6                    $(5.4         )
2014 acquisitions and investments. during the first quarter of 2014, we acquired tdx, included as part of our international operating segment, and forseva, included as part of our usis operating segment. during the first quarter of 2013, we divested two non-strategic business lines, equifax settlement services which was part of our mortgage business within the usis operating segment and talent management services which was part of our employer services business within our workforce solutions operating segment, for a total of $47.5 million. $3.5 million of the proceeds of the sale of talent management services was placed into an escrow account to be released to us at a later date. during 2014, we received $0.6 million of the proceeds from the escrow.
we invested $2.5 million in our joint venture in india during 2014. this investment was more than offset by dividends received from our joint venture in russia.
2013 acquisitions and investments. during the third quarter of 2013, we acquired trustedid, a direct-to-consumer identity protection business that is included as part of our north america personal solutions business unit. during the fourth quarter of 2013, we completed two acquisitions in paraguay and mexico in the latin america region of our international segment.
in the first quarter of 2013, we divested of two non-strategic business lines, as discussed above, for a total of $47.5 million. $3.5 million of the proceeds of the sale of talent management services was placed into an escrow account and will be released to us 18 months after the transaction date.  we also divested of three other small non-strategic operations.
we invested $8.0 million in our joint ventures in 2013 to increase our percentage ownership interest in russia, and as a general capital call in india, as well as $1.1 million in another international entity.
for additional information about our acquisitions, see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report.
2012 acquisitions and investments. on december 28, 2012, as a part of our long-term growth strategy of expanding our usis business, we acquired certain credit services business assets and operations of computer sciences corporation ("csc credit services") for $1.0 billion. we financed the acquisition with available cash, the issuance of $500 million of 3.30% ten-year senior notes, and commercial paper borrowings under our cp program. the results of this acquisition are included in our usis segment.
to further broaden our product offerings, during the twelve months ended december 31, 2012, we completed a number of smaller acquisitions of information services businesses in the european and latin american regions of our international segment. the results of these acquisitions are not material.
during the second quarter of 2010, we sold our appro product line, generating cash proceeds of approximately $67 million. approximately $5 million of the purchase price was paid by the acquirer into an escrow account that was released to us, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, over the two year period following the sale. we received the final payment of $2.5 million from the escrow account during the second quarter of 2012. during 2012, we also invested $3.7 million in our joint venture in russia.
financing activities twelve months ended december 31,                                change net cash provided by (used in):            2014                 2013                  2012                     2014 vs. 2013           2013 vs. 2012
credit facility availability. our principal unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of banks, which we refer to as the senior credit facility, permits us to borrow up to $750.0 million through december 2017. the senior credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes. availability of the senior credit facility for borrowings is reduced by the outstanding face amount of any letters of credit issued under the facility and, pursuant to our existing board of directors authorization, by the outstanding principal amount of our commercial paper (cp) notes.
our $750.0 million cp program has been established to allow for borrowing through the private placement of cp with maturities ranging from overnight to 397 days. we may use the proceeds of cp for general corporate purposes. the cp program is supported by our senior credit facility and, pursuant to our existing board of directors authorization, the total amount of cp which may be issued is reduced by the amount of any outstanding borrowings under our senior credit facility.
at december 31, 2014, there were no borrowings outstanding under our senior credit facility and $379.7 million of commercial paper notes and $1.5 million of letters of credit outstanding. at december 31, 2014, a total of $368.8 million was available under our senior credit facility.
at december 31, 2014, approximately 75% of our debt was fixed rate and 25% was effectively variable rate. our variable-rate debt consists of our issued commercial paper, which bears short-term interest rates based on the cp market for investment grade issuers. the interest rates reset periodically, depending on the terms of the respective financing arrangements. at december 31, 2014, interest rates on our variable-rate debt ranged from 0.38% to 0.60%.
borrowing and repayment activity. net short-term borrowings (repayments) primarily represent borrowings or repayments of outstanding amounts under our cp program. we primarily borrow under our cp program, as needed and availability allows.
the increase in net short-term borrowings (repayments) primarily reflects the borrowing of cp notes in the first quarter of 2014 to fund the acquisition of tdx, as well as the 2014 pay-off of our $15.0 million 7.34% notes and $275.0 million 4.45% senior notes, outstanding at december 31, 2013, with borrowings under our cp program. the decrease in net short-term borrowings (repayments) in 2013 primarily reflects the repayment of $265.0 million of cp notes that were outstanding as of december 31, 2012.
the increase in payments on long-term debt in 2014 reflects the pay-off of our $15.0 million 7.34% notes and $275.0 million 4.45% senior notes, outstanding at december 31, 2013, with borrowings under our cp program.
on december 17, 2012, we received proceeds of $499.2 million from the issuance of ten-year senior notes with a stated interest rate of 3.30% in an underwritten public offering. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on december 15 and june 15 of each year. we used the net proceeds of the sale of the notes to partially finance the acquisition of csc credit services in december 2012.
debt covenants. our outstanding indentures and comparable instruments contain customary covenants including, for example, limits on secured debt and sale/leaseback transactions. in addition, our senior credit facility requires us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio of not more than 3.5 to 1.0, and limits the amount of subsidiary debt. our leverage ratio was 1.74 at december 31, 2014. none of these covenants are considered restrictive to our operations and, as of december 31, 2014, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants.
we do not have any credit rating triggers that would accelerate the maturity of a material amount of our outstanding debt; however, our 6.3% senior notes due 2017, 3.3% senior notes due 2022 and 7.0% senior notes due 2037 (together, the "senior notes") contain change in control provisions. if we experience a change of control or publicly announce our intention to effect a change of control and the rating on the senior notes is lowered by standard & poor's, or s&p, and moody's investors service, or moody's, below an investment grade rating within 60 days of such change of control or notice thereof, then we will be required to offer to repurchase the senior notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the senior notes plus accrued and unpaid interest.
credit ratings. credit ratings reflect an independent agency's judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay a debt obligation at maturity. the ratings reflect many considerations, such as the nature of the borrower's industry and its competitive position, the size of the company, its liquidity and access to capital and the sensitivity of a company's cash flows to changes in the economy. the two largest rating agencies, s&p and moody's, use alphanumeric codes to designate their ratings. the highest quality rating for long-term credit obligations is aaa and aaa for s&p and moody's, respectively. a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
long-term ratings of bbb- and baa3 or better by s&p and moody's, respectively, reflect ratings on debt obligations that fall within a band of credit quality considered to be "investment grade". at december 31, 2014, the long-term ratings for our obligations were bbb+ and baa1, which are consistent with the ratings and outlooks which existed at december 31, 2013. a downgrade in our credit rating would increase the cost of borrowings under our cp program and credit facilities, and could limit, or in the case of a significant downgrade, preclude our ability to issue cp. if our credit ratings were to decline to lower levels, we could experience increases in the interest cost for any new debt. in addition, the market's demand for, and thus our ability to readily issue, new debt could become further affected by the economic and credit market environment.
for additional information about our debt, including the terms of our financing arrangements, basis for variable interest rates and debt covenants, see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report.
equity transactions twelve months ended december 31,                                change net cash provided by (used in):                           2014                 2013                  2012                     2014 vs. 2013           2013 vs. 2012
dividends paid to noncontrolling interests                    $(7.9       )         $(10.5      )         $(4.8       )       $2.6                    $(5.7         )
proceeds from exercise of stock options                       $39.7                 $47.8                 $68.3               $(8.1         )         $(20.5        )
excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation plans       $17.7                 $14.6                 $1.7                $3.1                    $12.9
contributions from noncontrolling interests                   $-                    $16.7                 $-                  $(16.7        )         $16.7
sources and uses of cash related to equity during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were as follows:
•   under share repurchase programs authorized by our board of directors, we repurchased 3.9 million, 0.2 million, and 1.9 million common shares during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, for $301.6 million, $11.9 million and $85.1 million, respectively, at an average price per common share of $76.55, $59.74 and $45.73, respectively. at december 31, 2014, under the existing board authorization, the company is approved for additional stock repurchases valued at $313.5 million.
•   during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we paid cash dividends to equifax shareholders of $121.2 million, $106.7 million and $86.0 million, respectively, at $1.00 per share for 2014, $0.88 per share for 2013 and $0.72 per share for 2012.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2014. the table excludes commitments that are contingent based on events or factors uncertain at this time. some of the excluded commitments are discussed below the footnotes to the table.
data processing, outsourcing agreements and other purchase obligations (3)          57.7                    40.3                      12.7                      2.8                      1.9
other long-term liabilities (4) (6)                                                113.3                     7.5                      12.7                     11.2                     81.9
(1)   the amounts are gross of unamortized discounts totaling $(1.8) million at december 31, 2014. total debt on our consolidated balance sheets is net of the unamortized discounts and fair value adjustments. there were no fair value adjustments to our debt at december 31, 2014.
(2)   our operating lease obligations principally involve office space and equipment, which include the ground lease associated with our headquarters building that expires in 2048.
(3)   these agreements primarily represent our minimum contractual obligations for services that we outsource associated with our computer data processing operations and related functions, and certain administrative functions. these agreements expire between 2015 and 2023.
(4)   these long-term liabilities primarily relate to obligations associated with certain pension, postretirement and other compensation-related plans, some of which are discounted in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. we made certain assumptions about the timing of such future payments. in the table above, we have not included amounts related to future pension plan obligations, as such required funding amounts beyond 2015 have not been deemed necessary due to our current expectations regarding future plan asset performance.
(5)   for future interest payments on variable-rate debt, which are generally based on a specified margin plus a base rate (libor) or on cp rates for investment grade issuers, we used the variable rate in effect at december 31, 2014 to calculate these payments. our variable rate debt at december 31, 2014, consisted of cp and borrowings under our credit facilities. future interest payments related to our senior credit facility and our cp program are based on the borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2014 through their respective maturity dates, assuming such borrowings are outstanding until that time. the variable portion of the rate at december 31, 2014 ranged from 0.38% to 0.60% for all of our variable-rate debt. future interest payments may be different depending on future borrowing activity and interest rates.
(6)   this table excludes $23.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, as we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities.
off-balance sheet transactions we do not engage in off-balance sheet financing activities.
pursuant to the terms of certain industrial revenue bonds, we have transferred title to certain of our fixed assets with total costs of $92.3 million and $82.6 million, as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, to a local governmental authority in the u.s. to receive a property tax abatement related to economic development. the title to these assets will revert back to us upon retirement or cancellation of the applicable bonds. these fixed assets are still recognized on the company's consolidated balance sheets as all risks and rewards remain with the company.
letters of credit and guarantees we will from time to time issue standby letters of credit, performance bonds or other guarantees in the normal course of business. the aggregate notional amount of all performance bonds and standby letters of credit was not material at december 31, 2014, and all have a remaining maturity of one year or less. guarantees are issued from time to time to support the needs of our operating units. the maximum potential future payments we could be required to make under the guarantees is not material at december 31, 2014.
benefit plans we sponsor a qualified defined benefit retirement plan (the u.s. retirement income plan, or usrip) that covers approximately 20% of current u.s. salaried employees who were hired on or before june 30, 2007, the last date on which an individual could be hired and enter the plan before the usrip was frozen to new participation at december 31, 2008. this plan also covers many retirees as well as certain terminated but vested individuals not yet in retirement status. we also sponsor a defined benefit plan that covers most salaried and hourly employees in canada (the canadian retirement income plan, or crip). the crip was frozen to new participants entering the plan on or after october 1, 2011.
at december 31, 2014, the usrip met or exceeded erisa's minimum funding requirements. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we did not make any contributions to the usrip.  we contributed $1.2 million and $2.6 million to the crip during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. in the future, we will make minimum funding contributions as required and may make discretionary contributions, depending on certain circumstances, including market conditions and liquidity needs. we believe additional funding contributions, if any, would not prevent us from continuing to meet our liquidity needs, which are primarily funded from cash flows generated by operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, and our credit facilities.
for our non-u.s., tax-qualified retirement plans, we fund an amount sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements but no more than allowed as a tax deduction pursuant to applicable tax regulations. for the non-qualified supplementary retirement plans, we fund the benefits as they are paid to retired participants, but accrue the associated expense and liabilities in accordance with gaap.
for additional information about our benefit plans, see note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report.
seasonality we experience seasonality in certain of our revenue streams. revenue generated from the employer services business unit within the workforce solutions operating segment is generally higher in the first quarter due primarily to the provision of form w-2 preparation services, which occur in the first quarter each year. revenue from our online information solutions and mortgage solutions business units tends to increase in periods of the year in which our customers have higher volumes of credit granting decisions, most commonly the second and third calendar quarters. revenues in our financial marketing services business line within usis are typically highest in the fourth quarter each year due to the timing of certain significant annual renewals of project-based agreements. on a consolidated basis, combining all of these businesses, and assuming normal economic conditions, first quarter revenue is normally the lowest quarterly revenue of the year, and the fourth quarter is the highest.
effects of inflation and changes in foreign currency exchange rates equifax's operating results are not materially affected by inflation, although inflation may result in increases in the company's expenses, which may not be readily recoverable in the price of services offered. to the extent inflation results in rising interest rates and has other adverse effects upon the securities markets and upon the value of financial instruments, it may adversely affect the company's financial position and profitability.
a portion of the company's business is conducted in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, and changes in foreign exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar can therefore affect the value of non-u.s. dollar net assets, revenues and expenses. potential exposures as a result of these fluctuations in currencies are closely monitored. we generally do not mitigate the risks associated with fluctuating exchange rates, although we may from time to time through forward contracts or other derivative instruments hedge a portion of our translational foreign currency exposure or exchange rate risks associated with material transactions which are denominated in a foreign currency.
recent accounting pronouncements for information about new accounting pronouncements and the potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report.
application of critical accounting policies and estimates the company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. this requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements. the following accounting policies involve critical accounting estimates because they are particularly dependent on estimates and assumptions made by management about matters that are uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made. in addition, while we have used our best estimates based on facts and circumstances available to us at the time, different estimates reasonably could have been used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimates that we used are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, either of which may have a material impact on the presentation of our consolidated balance sheets and statements of income. we also have other significant accounting policies which involve the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that are relevant to understanding our results. for additional information about these policies, see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report. although we believe that our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information available at the time. actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions.
revenue recognition revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, collectibility of arrangement consideration is reasonably assured, the arrangement fees are fixed or determinable and delivery of the product or service has been completed. a significant portion of our revenue is derived from the provision of information services to our customers on a transaction basis, in which case revenue is recognized, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met, when the services are provided. a smaller portion of our revenues relate to subscription-based contracts under which a customer pays a preset fee for a predetermined or unlimited number of transactions or services provided during the subscription period, generally one year. revenue related to subscription-based contracts having a preset number of transactions is recognized as the services are provided, using an effective transaction rate as the actual transactions are completed. any remaining revenue related to unfulfilled units is not recognized until the end of the related contract's subscription period. revenue related to subscription-based contracts having an unlimited volume is recognized ratably during the contract term. revenue is recorded net of sales taxes.
if at the outset of an arrangement, we determine that collectibility is not reasonably assured, revenue is deferred until the earlier of when collectibility becomes probable or the receipt of payment. if there is uncertainty as to the customer's acceptance of our deliverables, revenue is not recognized until the earlier of receipt of customer acceptance or expiration of the acceptance period. if at the outset of an arrangement, we determine that the arrangement fee is not fixed or determinable, revenue is deferred until the arrangement fee becomes fixed or determinable, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have been met.
the determination of certain of our tax management services revenue requires the use of estimates, principally related to transaction volumes in instances where these volumes are reported to us by our clients on a monthly basis in arrears. in these instances, we estimate transaction volumes based on average actual volumes reported in the past. differences between our estimates and actual final volumes reported are recorded in the period in which actual volumes are reported. we have not experienced significant variances between our estimates and actual reported volumes in the past. we monitor actual volumes to ensure that we will continue to make reasonable estimates in the future. if we determine that we are unable to make reasonable future estimates, revenue may be deferred until actual customer data is obtained. also within our workforce solutions operating segment, the fees for certain of our tax credits and incentives revenue are based on a percentage of the credit delivered to our clients. revenue for these arrangements is recognized based on the achievement of milestones, upon calculation of the credit, or when the credit is utilized by our client, depending on the provisions of the client contract.
we have certain offerings that are sold as multiple element arrangements. the multiple elements may include consumer or commercial information, file updates for certain solutions, services provided by our decisioning technologies personnel, training services, statistical models and other services. to account for each of these elements separately, the delivered elements must have stand-alone value to our customer. if we are unable to unbundle the arrangement into separate units of accounting, we apply one of the accounting policies described above. this may lead to the arrangement consideration being recognized as the final contract element is delivered to our customer or ratably over the contract.
many of our multiple element arrangements involve the delivery of services generated by a combination of services provided by one or more of our operating segments. no individual information service impacts the value or usage of other information services included in an arrangement and each service can be sold alone or, in most cases, purchased from another vendor without affecting the quality of use or value to the customer of the other information services included in the arrangement. some of our products require the development of interfaces or platforms by our decisioning technologies personnel that allow our customers to interact with our proprietary information databases. these development services do not meet the requirement for having stand-alone value, thus any related development fees are deferred when billed and are recognized over the expected period that the customer will benefit from the related decisioning technologies service. revenue from the provision of statistical models is recognized as the service is provided and accepted, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. the direct costs of set up of a customer are capitalized and amortized as a cost of service during the term of the related customer contract.
we have some multiple element arrangements that include software.  we recognize the elements for which we have established vendor specific objective evidence at fair value upon delivery, in accordance with the applicable guidance.
we record revenue on a net basis for those sales in which we have in substance acted as an agent or broker in the transaction.
the debt collections and recovery management revenue is calculated as a percentage of debt collected on behalf of the customer and, as such, is primarily recognized when the cash is collected assuming all  other revenue recognition criteria are met.
deferred revenue consists of amounts billed in excess of revenue recognized on sales relating generally to the deferral of subscription fees and arrangement consideration from elements not meeting the criteria for having stand-alone value discussed above. deferred revenues are subsequently recognized as revenue in accordance with our revenue recognition policies.
judgments and uncertainties - each element of a multiple element arrangement must be considered separately to ensure that appropriate accounting is performed for these deliverables. these considerations include assessing the price at which the element is sold compared to its relative fair value; concluding when the element will be delivered; evaluating collectibility; and determining whether any contingencies exist in the related customer contract that impact the prices paid to us for the services.
in addition, as stated above, the determination of certain of our marketing information services and tax management services revenue requires the use of estimates, principally related to transaction volumes in instances where these volumes are reported to us by our clients on a monthly basis in arrears. in these instances, we estimate transaction volumes based on average actual volumes reported in the past. differences between our estimates and actual final volumes reported are recorded in the period in which actual volumes are reported.
effects if actual results differ from assumptions - we have not experienced significant variances between our estimates of marketing information services and tax management services revenues reported to us by our customers and actual reported volumes in the past. we monitor actual volumes to ensure that we will continue to make reasonable estimates in the future. if we determine that we are unable to make reasonable future estimates, revenue may be deferred until actual customer data is obtained. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions, or if our customer arrangements become more complex or include more bundled offerings in the future, we may be required to recognize revenue differently in the future to account for these changes. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to recognize revenue.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets we review goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment annually (as of september 30) and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance or trends, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. we have eight reporting units comprised of u.s. information solutions (which includes part of online information solutions, mortgage solutions and financial marketing services), identity management (part of online information solutions), europe, latin america, canada, north america personal solutions, verification services, and employer services.
the goodwill balance at december 31, 2014, for our eight reporting units was as follows:
online information solutions          $1,059.5
id management                             61.1
qualitative assessments we performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing was necessary for our u.s. information solutions, latin america, canada, north america personal solutions, verification services and employer services reporting units. in this qualitative assessment, we considered the following items for each of the reporting units: macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance and other entity specific events. in addition, for each of these reporting units, the most recent fair value determination resulted in an amount that exceeded the carrying amount of the reporting units. based on these assessments, we determined the likelihood that a current fair value determination would be less than the current carrying amount of the reporting unit is not more likely than not. as a result of our conclusions, no further testing was required for these reporting units.
quantitative assessments in determining the fair value the id management and europe reporting units for which we performed a quantitative test, we used a combination of the income and market approaches to estimate the reporting unit's business enterprise value.
judgments and uncertainties under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on estimated future discounted cash flows which require assumptions about short and long-term revenue growth rates, operating margins for each reporting unit, discount rates, foreign currency exchange rates and estimates of capital charges. the assumptions we use are based on what we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use in estimating fair value. under the market approach, we estimate the fair value based on market multiples of revenue or earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization, for benchmark companies. we believe the benchmark companies used for each of the reporting units serve as an appropriate input for calculating a fair value for the reporting unit as those benchmark companies have similar risks, participate in similar markets, provide similar services for their customers and compete with us directly. the companies we use as benchmarks are principally outlined in our "competition" discussion in item 1 of this form 10-k. data for the benchmark companies was obtained from publicly available information. europe and id management have benchmark companies that conduct operations of businesses of a similar type, such as experian group limited and fair isaac corporation. valuation multiples were selected based on a financial benchmarking analysis that compared the reporting unit's operating result with the comparable companies' information. in addition to these financial considerations, qualitative factors such as variations in growth opportunities and overall risk among the benchmark companies were considered in the ultimate selection of the multiple.
the values separately derived from each of the income and market approach valuation techniques were used to develop an overall estimate of a reporting unit's fair value. we use a consistent approach across all reporting units when considering the weight of the income and market approaches for calculating the fair value of each of our reporting units. this approach relies more heavily on the calculated fair value derived from the income approach, with 70% of the value coming from the income approach. we believe this approach is consistent with that of a market participant in valuing prospective purchase business combinations. the selection and weighting of the various fair value techniques may result in a higher or lower fair value. judgment is applied in determining the weightings that are most representative of fair value.
we have not made any material changes to the valuation methodology we use to assess goodwill impairment since the date of the last annual impairment test.
growth assumptions the assumptions for our future cash flows begin with our historical operating performance, the details of which are described in our management's discussion and analysis of operating performance. additionally, we consider the impact that known economic, industry and market trends will have on our future forecasts, as well as the impact that we expect from planned business initiatives including new product initiatives, client service and retention standards, and cost management programs. at the end of the forecast period, the long-term growth rate we used to determine the terminal value of each reporting unit was 3% based on management's assessment of the minimum expected terminal growth rate of the reporting unit, as well as broader economic considerations such as gdp, inflation and the maturity of the markets we serve.
we projected revenue growth in 2015 for our reporting units in completing our 2014 impairment testing based on planned business initiatives and prevailing trends exhibited by these units and not based on the assumption of meaningful acceleration in economic growth. the anticipated revenue growth in our reporting units, however, is partially offset by assumed increases in expenses for a majority of our reporting units which reflect the additional level of investment needed in order to achieve the planned revenue growth. our 2015 long-term forecast is not dependent upon meaningful acceleration of global economic growth in the near term and we continue to take cost containment actions to help maintain operating margins for our reporting units.
discount rate assumptions we utilize a weighted average cost of capital, or wacc, in our impairment analysis that makes assumptions about the capital structure that we believe a market participant would make and include a risk premium based on an assessment of risks related to the projected cash flows of each reporting unit. we believe this approach yields a discount rate that is consistent with an implied rate of return that a market participant would require for an investment in a company having similar risks and business characteristics to the reporting unit being assessed. to calculate the wacc, the cost of equity and cost of debt are multiplied by the assumed capital structure of the reporting unit as compared to industry trends and relevant benchmark company structures. the cost of equity was computed using the capital asset pricing model which considers the risk-free interest rate, beta, equity risk premium and specific company risk premium related to a particular reporting unit. the cost of debt was computed using a benchmark rate and the company's tax rate. for the 2014 annual goodwill impairment evaluation, the discount rates used to develop the estimated fair value of the reporting units evaluated were 10.5% and 12.5%. because of assigned market premiums, discount rates are lowest for reporting units, whose cash flows are expected to be less volatile due to such factors as the maturity of the market they serve, their position in that market or other macroeconomic factors. where there is the greatest volatility of cash flows due to competition, or participation in less stable geographic markets than the united states, such as our europe reporting unit, the discount rate selected is in the higher portion of the range as there is more inherent risk in the expected cash flows of that reporting unit.
estimated fair value and sensitivities the estimated fair value of the reporting units whose fair value was calculated for purposes of the 2014 impairment testing is derived from the valuation techniques described above, incorporating the related projections and assumptions. an indication of possible impairment occurs when the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is below the carrying value of its equity. the estimated fair value for these reporting units exceeded their related carrying value as of september 30, 2014. as a result, no goodwill impairment was recorded.
the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is highly sensitive to changes in these projections and assumptions; therefore, in some instances changes in these assumptions could impact whether the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value. for example, an increase in the discount rate and decline in the projected cumulative cash flow of a reporting unit could cause the fair value of certain reporting units to be below its carrying value. we perform sensitivity analyses around these assumptions in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the resulting estimated fair values. ultimately, future potential changes in these assumptions may impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit and cause the fair value of the reporting unit to be below its carrying value. the excess of fair value over carrying value for the company's reporting units that were valued as of september 30, 2014, were 34% and 45%.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - we believe that our estimates are consistent with assumptions that marketplace participants would use in their estimates of fair value. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions, we may be exposed to an impairment charge that could be material.
loss contingencies we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of our business. we determine whether to disclose and/or accrue for loss contingencies based on our assessment of whether the potential loss is estimable, probable, reasonably possible or remote.
judgments and uncertainties - we periodically review claims and legal proceedings and assess whether we have potential financial exposure based on consultation with internal and outside legal counsel and other advisors. if the likelihood of an adverse outcome from any claim or legal proceeding is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability on our consolidated balance sheets for the estimated amount. if the likelihood of an adverse outcome is reasonably possible, but not probable, we provide disclosures related to the potential loss contingency. our assumptions related to loss contingencies are inherently subjective.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to determine loss contingencies. however, if facts and circumstances change in the future that change our belief regarding assumptions used to determine our estimates, we may be exposed to a loss that could be material.
income taxes we record deferred income taxes using enacted tax laws and rates for the years in which the taxes are expected to be paid. we assess the likelihood that our net deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income or other tax planning strategies. to the extent that we believe that recovery is not likely, we must establish a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount we estimate will be recoverable.
our income tax provisions are based on assumptions and calculations which will be subject to examination by various tax authorities. we record tax benefits for positions in which we believe are more likely than not of being sustained under such examinations. we assess the potential outcome of such examinations to determine the adequacy of our income tax accruals.
judgments and uncertainties - we consider accounting for income taxes critical because management is required to make significant judgments in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and our future taxable income for purposes of assessing our ability to realize any future benefit from our deferred tax assets. these judgments and estimates are affected by our expectations of future taxable income, mix of earnings among different taxing jurisdictions, and timing of the reversal of deferred tax assets and liabilities.
we also use our judgment to determine whether it is more likely than not that we will sustain positions that we have taken on tax returns and, if so, the amount of benefit to initially recognize within our financial statements. we review our uncertain tax positions and adjust our unrecognized tax benefits in light of changes in facts and circumstances, such as changes in tax law, interactions with taxing authorities and developments in case law. these adjustments to our unrecognized tax benefits may affect our income tax expense. settlement of uncertain tax positions may require use of our cash. at december 31, 2014, $23.3 million was recorded for uncertain tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of which it is reasonably possible that up to $5.4 million of our unrecognized tax benefit may change within the next twelve months.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - although management believes that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to increases or decreases in income tax expense that could be material.
pension and other postretirement plans we consider accounting for our u.s. and canadian pension and other postretirement plans critical because management is required to make significant subjective judgments about a number of actuarial assumptions, which include discount rates, expected return on plan assets, interest cost and mortality and retirement rates. actuarial valuations are used in determining our benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost.
during 2014, the we adopted the new rp-2014 mortality tables and generational projection scale with mp-2014 in determining the liability for the u.s. pensions plan. this new table, along with the change in the discount rate, contributed to the increase in the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2014.
judgments and uncertainties - we believe that the most significant assumptions related to our net periodic benefit cost are (1) the discount rate and (2) the expected return on plan assets, in each case as it relates to our u.s. pension plan. our canadian plan is small, and the impact of changes in assumptions for that plan is not material.
we determine our discount rates primarily based on high-quality, fixed-income investments and yield-to-maturity analysis specific to our estimated future benefit payments available as of the measurement date. discount rates are updated annually on the measurement date to reflect current market conditions. we use a third-party yield curve to develop our discount rates. the yield curve provides discount rates related to a dedicated high-quality bond portfolio whose cash flows extend beyond the current period, from which we choose a rate matched to the expected benefit payments required for each plan.
the expected rate of return on plan assets is based on both our historical returns and forecasted future investment returns by asset class, as provided by our external investment advisor. in 2014, the u.s. pension plan investment returns of 8.0% exceeded the expected return of 7.5% for the fifth time in five years. the expected return for 2015 remains at 7.5%, which is consistent with the rate used for 2014. the crip earned 9.8% in 2014 also exceeding its expected return of 6.75% for the fifth time in five years. the crip has a lower expected return due to a higher asset allocation to fixed income securities. our weighted-average expected rate of return for both plans for 2015 is 7.43% which was also the 2014 expected rate.
annual differences, if any, between the expected and actual returns on plan assets are included in unrecognized net actuarial gain or loss, a component of other comprehensive income. in calculating the annual amortization of the unrecognized net actuarial gain or loss, we use a market-related value of assets that smoothes actual investment gains and losses on plan assets over a period up to five years. the resulting unrecognized net actuarial gain or loss amount is recognized in net periodic pension expense over the average remaining life expectancy of the participant group since almost all participants are inactive.  the market-related value of our assets was $556.4 million at december 31, 2014. we do not expect our 2015 net periodic benefit cost, which includes the effect of the market-related value of assets, to be materially different than our 2014 cost. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for details on changes in the pension benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions that are used in our actuarial valuations. adjusting our weighted-average expected long-term rate of return (7.43% at december 31, 2014) by 50 basis points would change our estimated pension expense in 2015 by approximately $2.8 million. adjusting our weighted-average discount rate (4.26% at december 31, 2014) by 50 basis points would change our estimated pension expense in 2015 by approximately $0.7 million. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to changes in pension expense that could be material.
purchase accounting for acquisitions we account for acquisitions under accounting standards codification 805, business combinations, which changed the application of the acquisition method of accounting in a business combination and also modified the way assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized on a prospective basis. in general, the acquisition method of accounting requires companies to record assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair market values at the date of acquisition. we primarily estimate fair value of identified intangible assets using discounted cash flow analyses based on market participant based inputs. any amount of the purchase price paid that is in excess of the estimated fair values of net assets acquired is recorded in the line item goodwill in our consolidated balance sheets. transaction costs, as well as costs to reorganize acquired companies, are expensed as incurred in our consolidated statements of income.
judgments and uncertainties - we consider accounting for business combinations critical because management's judgment is used to determine the estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed and amortization periods for intangible assets, which can materially affect the our results of operations.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - although management believes that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to an impairment charge if we are unable to recover the value of the recorded net assets.