item 1a - risk factors investing in our securities involves risks. we may amend or supplement the risk factors described below from time to time by other reports we file with the sec.
we operate in businesses that are subject to competitive pressures that could affect prices or demand for our products our businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive, and we compete on the basis of product performance, quality, service and/or price across the industries and markets served. a significant element of our competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. various companies compete with us in one or more product lines and the number of competitors varies by product line. some of our competitors have substantially greater sales, assets and financial resources than our company and we also compete with many smaller companies. competitive pressures could adversely affect prices or customer demand for our products, impacting our sales or profit margins, and/or resulting in a loss of market share.
our operating results depend in part on continued successful research, development and marketing of new and/or improved products and services, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to successfully introduce new products and services the success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by our customers. our businesses are affected by varying degrees of technological change and corresponding shifts in customer demand, which result in unpredictable product transitions, shortened life cycles and increased importance of being first to market with new products and services. we may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production and/or marketing of new products and services which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to continue to bring new products and services to market.
if we are unable to defend or protect our intellectual property rights the company's competitive position could be adversely affected the company's intellectual property rights are important to its business and include numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other confidential information. this intellectual property may be subject to challenge, infringement, invalidation or circumvention by third parties. despite extensive security measures, our intellectual property may be subject to misappropriation through unauthorized access of our information technology systems, employee theft, or other acts of industrial espionage. should the company be unable to adequately defend or protect its intellectual property, it may suffer competitive harm.
we engage in acquisitions, and may encounter difficulties in integrating these businesses and therefore we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions we regularly seek growth through strategic acquisitions. in 2014 and in past years, we have made various acquisitions and entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement or expand our business, and may continue to do so in the future (see note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements of the 2014 annual report, which note is hereby incorporated by reference). the success of these transactions will depend on our ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to cooperate with our strategic partners. we may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, and in managing strategic investments.
furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we use a variety of raw materials and components in our businesses, and significant shortages or price increases could increase our operating costs and adversely impact the competitive positions of our products our major requirements for raw materials include steel, copper, cast iron, electronics, rare earth metals, aluminum, brass and, to a lesser extent, plastics and other petroleum-based chemicals. emerson seeks multiple sources of supply for each of its major requirements in order to avoid significant dependence on any one or a few suppliers. however, the supply of materials or other items could be disrupted by natural disasters or other events. significant shortages or price increases could impact the prices our affected businesses charge, their operating costs and the competitive position of their products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations. while we monitor market prices of the commodities we require and attempt to reduce price exposure through hedging activities, this risk could adversely affect our operating results.
our operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the united states and subject to increased risks of disrupted production causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue we manage businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide, a majority of which are located outside the united states, and also source certain materials internationally. emerging market sales now represent over one-third of total sales and serving a global customer base requires that we place more materials sourcing and production in emerging markets to capitalize on market opportunities and maintain our best-cost position. our and our suppliers' international production facilities and operations could be disrupted by a natural disaster, labor strife, war, political unrest, terrorist activity or public health concerns, particularly in emerging countries that are not well-equipped to handle such occurrences.
our manufacturing facilities abroad also may be more susceptible to changes in laws and policies in host countries and economic and political upheaval than our domestic facilities. any such disruption could cause delays in shipments of products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not adequately compensate us.
our substantial sales abroad subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations and changes in local government regulations and policies we sell, manufacture, engineer and purchase products in overseas markets and a significant portion of our sales occur in mature and emerging markets outside the united states. we expect sales from non-u.s. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of our total sales. international sales and operations are subject to changes in local government regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, taxation, exchange controls and repatriation of earnings, which could adversely affect our results. changes in the relative values of currencies occur from time to time and have affected our operating results and could do so in the future. while we monitor our exchange rate exposures and attempt to reduce this exposure through hedging activities, this risk could adversely affect our operating results.
recessions, adverse market conditions or downturns in end markets we serve may negatively affect our operations in the past, our operations have been exposed to significant volatility due to changes in general economic conditions, recessions or adverse conditions in the end markets we serve. in the future, similar changes could adversely impact overall sales, operating results and cash flows. moreover, during economic downturns we may undertake more extensive rationalization actions and incur higher costs. if our rationalization actions are not sufficiently effective, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated operating results. in addition, these factors could lead to impairment charges for goodwill or other long-lived assets.
access to funding through the capital markets is essential to the execution of our business plan and if we are unable to maintain such access we could experience a material adverse effect on our business and financial results our ability to invest in our businesses, make strategic acquisitions and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. volatility in the capital markets may increase costs associated with issuing commercial paper or other debt instruments, or affect the company's ability to access those markets. if we are unable to continue to access the capital markets, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. additionally, if our customers, suppliers or financial institutions are unable to access the capital markets to meet their commitments to the company, our business could be adversely impacted.
security breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business the company utilizes a variety of information technology systems to manage and operate its businesses.  despite the implementation of extensive security measures (including access controls, data encryption, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring, and maintenance of back-up and protective systems), the company's information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, cyber attack and other events, ranging from individual attempts to advanced persistent threats.  although considered unlikely, it is possible a security breach could result in theft of trade secrets or other intellectual property or disclosure of confidential customer, supplier or employee information.  should the company be unable to prevent security breaches, disruptions could have an adverse effect on our operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, increased cyber security protection costs, and reputational damage.
we are subject to litigation and environmental regulations that could adversely impact our operating results we are, and may in the future be, a party to a number of legal proceedings and claims, including those involving intellectual property, product liability and environmental matters, several of which claim, or may in the future claim, significant damages. given the inherent uncertainty of litigation, we can offer no assurance that existing litigation or a future adverse development will not have a material adverse impact. we also are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and the discharge of materials into the environment, and we could incur substantial costs as a result of the noncompliance with or liability for cleanup or other costs or damages under environmental laws.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the information from the 2014 annual report set forth in exhibit 13 hereto under "results of operations," "business segments," "financial position, capital resources and liquidity," "critical accounting policies," "other items" and "safe harbor statement" is hereby incorporated by reference.
non-gaap financial measures to supplement emerson's financial information presented in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap), management periodically uses certain "non-gaap financial measures," as such term is defined in regulation g under the rules of the sec, to clarify and enhance understanding of past performance and prospects for the future. generally, a non-gaap financial measure is a numerical measure of a company's operating performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are included in or excluded from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. for example, non-gaap measures may exclude the impact of certain items such as acquisitions, divestitures, gains, losses and impairments, or items outside of management's control, such as foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. management believes that the following non-gaap financial measures provide investors and analysts useful insight into emerson's financial position and operating performance. any non-gaap measure provided should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative to, the most directly comparable measure determined in accordance with u.s. gaap, as identified in italics below. further, the calculation of these non-gaap financial measures may differ from the calculation of similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies and therefore may not be comparable among companies.
underlying sales, which exclude the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates during the periods presented, are provided to facilitate relevant period-to-period comparisons of sales growth by excluding those items that impact overall comparability (u.s. gaap measure: net sales).
operating profit (defined as net sales less cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses) and operating profit margin (defined as operating profit divided by net sales) are indicative of short-term operational performance and ongoing profitability. management closely monitors operating profit and operating profit margin of each business to evaluate past performance and actions required to improve profitability. ebit (defined as earnings before deductions for interest expense, net and income taxes) and total segment ebit, and ebit margin (defined as ebit divided by net sales) and total segment ebit margin, are commonly used financial measures that exclude the impact of financing on the capital structure and income taxes. all these measures are utilized by management to evaluate performance (u.s. gaap measures: pretax earnings or pretax profit margin).
earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity and return on total capital excluding certain gains and losses, impairments or other items provide additional insight into the underlying, ongoing operating performance of the company and facilitate period-to-period comparisons by excluding the earnings impact of these items. management believes that presenting earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity and return on total capital excluding these items is more representative of the company's operational performance and may be more useful for investors (u.s. gaap measures: earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity, return on total capital).
free cash flow (operating cash flow less capital expenditures) is an indicator of the company's cash generating capabilities after considering investments in capital assets which are necessary to maintain and enhance existing operations. the determination of operating cash flow adds back noncash depreciation expense to earnings and thereby does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. management believes that free cash flow is useful to both management and investors as a measure of the company's ability to generate cash (u.s. gaap measure: operating cash flow).