item 1a. risk factors.
this report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of united states (u.s.) federal securities laws. forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical facts, such as projections or expectations relating to ore grades and milling rates; production and sales volumes; unit net cash costs; cash production costs per barrel of oil equivalent (boe); operating cash flows; capital expenditures; exploration efforts and results; development and production activities and costs; liquidity; tax rates; the impact of copper, gold, molybdenum, cobalt crude oil and natural gas price changes; the impact of derivative positions; the impact of deferred intercompany profits on earnings; reserve estimates; future dividend payments; debt reduction; and share purchases.
financial risks declines in the market prices of copper, gold and/or oil could adversely affect our earnings, cash flows and asset values and, if sustained, could adversely affect our ability to repay debt. fluctuations in the market prices of copper, gold or oil can cause significant volatility in our financial performance and adversely affect the trading prices of our debt and common stock.
our financial results vary with fluctuations in the market prices of the commodities we produce, primarily copper, gold and oil, and to a lesser extent molybdenum, silver, cobalt and natural gas. for further information about the market prices of our primary commodities, including the declines in copper and oil prices since mid-2014, refer to the discussion below and in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a). a substantial or extended decline in the market prices of these commodities could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, the value of our assets and/or our ability to repay our debt and meet our other fixed obligations, and could depress the trading prices of our common stock and of our publicly traded debt securities.
additionally, if the market prices for the commodities we produce decline for a sustained period of time, we may have to revise our operating plans, including curtailing production, halting or delaying expansion projects, reducing operating costs and capital expenditures and discontinuing certain exploration and development programs. we may be unable to decrease our costs in an amount sufficient to offset reductions in revenues, and may incur losses.
fluctuations in commodities prices can occur because of varied and complex factors beyond our control, including global supply and demand balances and inventory levels of the commodities we sell; global economic and political conditions; government regulatory, trade and tax policies; commodities investment activity and speculation; the price and availability of substitute products; and changes in technology.
in particular, copper prices may be affected by demand from china, which has become the largest consumer of refined copper in the world, and by changes in demand for industrial, commercial and residential products containing copper. factors particularly affecting gold prices may include the relative strength of the u.s. dollar to other currencies, inflation and interest rate expectations, purchases and sales of gold by governments and central banks, demand from china and india, two of the world's largest consumers of gold, and demand for jewelry containing gold. crude oil prices may be affected by continued development of shale reserves through hydraulic fracturing, actions of the organization of the petroleum exporting countries and other major oil producing nations, political and weather conditions in oil producing regions, transportation and refinery capacity, the amount of foreign imports of oil into the u.s., and potential changes in u.s. laws restricting oil exports.
since the second half of 2014, oil prices have declined significantly. after averaging $109 per barrel in the first half of 2014, brent crude oil prices averaged $90 per barrel for the second half of 2014 and declined to $57.33 per barrel on december 31, 2014, and were $60.22 per barrel on february 20, 2015. lower oil prices, and to a lesser extent natural gas prices, were a contributing factor to the $5.5 billion of non-cash impairment charges recorded for the year ended december 31, 2014, to write-down the carrying value of our oil and gas properties and reduce the goodwill associated with our oil and gas operations to zero. refer to notes 1 and 2 and md&a for further discussion of these impairment charges. sustained weaker oil and natural gas prices could result in additional impairments of our oil and gas properties.
our debt and other financial commitments may limit our financial and operating flexibility.
at december 31, 2014, our total consolidated debt was $19.0 billion (see note 8) and our total consolidated cash was $464 million. we also have various other financial commitments, including for reclamation and environmental obligations, take-or-pay contracts and leases. our level of indebtedness and other financial commitments could have important consequences to our business, including the following:
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industries in which we operate;
•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   limiting our ability to fund future working capital and capital expenditures, to engage in future development activities, or to otherwise realize the value of our assets and opportunities fully because of the need to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our debt; or
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt and/or fewer financial commitments.
in addition, a future downgrade in our credit rating could negatively affect our cost of and ability to access capital. at february 20, 2015, our senior unsecured debt was rated "bbb-" with a stable outlook by standard and poor's, "bbb" with a stable outlook by fitch ratings, and "baa3" with a stable outlook by moody's investors service. we cannot be assured that our credit ratings will not be downgraded in the future. in addition, a downgrade could affect our requirements to provide significant financial assurance of our performance under certain legal requirements and contractual arrangements. refer to the following risk factor for more information.
mine closure and reclamation regulations impose substantial costs on our operations, and include requirements that we provide financial assurance supporting those obligations. we also have plugging and abandonment obligations related to our oil and gas operations, and are required to provide bonds or other forms of financial assurance in connection with those operations. changes in or the failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on us.
we are required by u.s. federal and state mining laws to provide financial assurance sufficient to allow a third party to implement approved closure and reclamation plans if we are unable to do so. the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) and state agencies may also seek financial assurance for investigation and remediation actions that are required under settlements of enforcement actions under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act (cercla) or equivalent state regulations.
with respect to our mining operations, most of our financial assurance obligations are imposed by state laws that vary significantly by jurisdiction. currently there are no financial assurance requirements for active mining operations under cercla, but in 2009, the epa published a notice identifying classes of facilities within the hardrock mining industry for which the agency will develop financial responsibility requirements under cercla. the epa has indicated that it intends to propose regulations regarding hardrock mining financial responsibility in august 2016. the epa's schedule has been challenged by environmental groups, which are petitioning the court to require the epa to finalize such regulations by january 2016. it is uncertain how the new requirements, if promulgated, will affect the amount and form of our existing and future financial assurance obligations.
we are also subject to financial assurance requirements in connection with our oil and gas operations under both state and federal laws. for example, permits, bonding and insurance are required to drill, operate, and plug and abandon wells. also, the bureau of ocean energy management (boem) and the bureau of safety and environmental enforcement (bsee) regulations applicable to lessees in federal waters require that lessees have substantial u.s. assets and net worth or post bonds or other acceptable financial assurance that the regulatory obligations will be met. financial responsibility requirements are also required under the oil pollution act of 1990 to cover containment and cleanup costs resulting from an oil spill.
boem has signaled its intention to redesign and implement revised financial assurance requirements associated with offshore plugging and abandonment obligations. boem has recently taken a stricter approach regarding the level of decommissioning liabilities to be included in its financial test for purposes of determining eligibility for exemption from financial assurance requirements. it is uncertain whether additional changes will be implemented by the boem and how these changes might affect the form and amount of our existing and future financial assurance obligations associated with our offshore activities in federal waters.
as of december 31, 2014, our financial assurance obligations associated with closure, reclamation and remediation in our mining and plugging and abandonment obligations in our oil and gas operations totaled approximately $2.6 billion, and a substantial portion of these obligations were satisfied by fcx and fm o&g guarantees and financial capability demonstrations. if our financial condition were to deteriorate substantially or our credit rating were downgraded, we may be required to provide additional or alternative forms of financial assurance, such as letters of credit, surety bonds or collateral. these other forms of assurance would be costly to provide and, depending on our financial condition and market conditions, may be difficult or impossible to obtain. failure to provide the required financial assurance could result in the closure of mines or suspension of the affected oil and gas operations.
international risks our international operations are subject to political, social and geographic risks of doing business in countries outside the u.s.
we are a u.s.-based natural resource company with substantial mining assets located outside of the u.s. we conduct international mining operations in indonesia, peru, chile and the democratic republic of congo (drc). our oil and gas operations are located in the u.s., except that we expect to commence drilling at our first international oil and gas prospect offshore morocco in the first half of 2015. accordingly, in addition to the usual risks associated with conducting business in countries outside the u.s., our business may be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in each of these countries. risks of conducting business in countries outside of the u.s. include:
•   political instability, bribery, extortion, corruption, civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism;
•   changes in the aspirations and expectations of local communities in which we operate with respect to our contributions to employee health and safety, infrastructure and community development and other factors that may affect our social license to operate, all of which lead to increased costs;
•   the risk of having to submit to the jurisdiction of an international court or arbitration panel or having to enforce the judgment of an international court or arbitration panel against a sovereign nation within its own territory.
our insurance does not cover most losses caused by the above described risks. accordingly, our exploration, development and production activities outside of the u.s. may be substantially affected by many unpredictable factors beyond our control, some of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our international operations must comply with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws of the other jurisdictions in which we operate. there has been a substantial increase in the global enforcement of these laws. any violation of these laws could result in significant criminal or civil fines and penalties, litigation, and loss of operating licenses or permits, and may damage our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we are involved in several significant tax proceedings and other tax disputes with the indonesian and peruvian tax authorities (refer to note 12 for further discussion of these matters). other risks specific to certain countries in which we operate are discussed in more detail below.
because our grasberg minerals district is our most significant operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties and security risks in indonesia.
our mining operations in indonesia are conducted by our subsidiary pt freeport indonesia (pt-fi) pursuant to a contract of work (cow) with the indonesian government. maintaining a good working relationship with the indonesian government is important to us because of the significance of our indonesia operations to our business, and because our mining operations there are among indonesia's most significant business enterprises. partially because of their significance to indonesia's economy, the environmentally sensitive area in which they are located, and the number of people employed, our indonesia operations have been the subject of political debates and of criticism in the indonesian press, and have been the target of protests and occasional violence.
in january 2012, the president of indonesia issued a decree calling for the creation of a team of ministers to evaluate contracts of work for adjustment to the 2009 mining law and to take steps to assess and determine the indonesian government's position on reduction to the size of contract concessions, increasing government revenues and domestic processing of minerals.
pt-fi has been engaged in discussions with officials of the indonesian government since 2012 regarding various provisions of its cow. the indonesian government has sought to modify existing mining contracts, including pt-fi's cow, to address provisions of the 2009 mining law and subsequent regulations, including with respect to the size of contract concessions, government revenues, domestic processing of minerals, divestment, provision of local services, conversion from a cow to a licensing framework for extension periods, and a requirement that extensions may be applied for only within two years prior to a cow's expiration.
in january 2014, the indonesian government published regulations providing that holders of contracts of work with existing processing facilities in indonesia may continue to export product through january 12, 2017, but established new requirements for the continued export of copper concentrates, including the imposition of a progressive export duty on copper concentrates. despite pt-fi's rights under its cow to export concentrates without the payment of duties, pt-fi was unable to obtain administrative approval for exports and operated at approximately half of its capacity from mid-january 2014 through july 2014.
on july 25, 2014, pt-fi and the indonesian government entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) under which pt-fi and the government agreed to negotiate an amended cow to address provisions related to the size of pt-fi's concession area, royalties and taxes, domestic processing and refining, divestment, local content, and continuation of operations post-2021. execution of the mou enabled the resumption of concentrate exports, which began in august 2014. the mou has been extended to july 25, 2015. pt-fi is engaged in active discussions with the indonesian government regarding an amended cow.
provisions being addressed in the negotiation of an amended cow include the development of new copper smelting and refining capacity in indonesia, divestment to the indonesian government and/or indonesian nationals of up to a 30 percent interest (an additional 20.64 percent interest) in pt-fi at fair value, and timely granting rights for the continuation of operations from 2022 through 2041. negotiations are taking into consideration pt-fi's need for assurance of legal and fiscal terms post-2021 for pt-fi to continue with its large-scale investment program for the development of its underground reserves.
effective with the signing of the mou, pt-fi provided a $115 million assurance bond to support its commitment for smelter development, agreed to increase royalties to 4.0 percent for copper and 3.75 percent for gold from the previous rates of 3.5 percent for copper and 1.0 percent for gold, and pay export duties as set forth in a new regulation. the indonesian government revised its january 2014 regulations regarding export duties, which are now set at 7.5 percent, declining to 5.0 percent when smelter development progress exceeds 7.5 percent and are eliminated when development progress exceeds 30 percent.
pt-fi is advancing plans for the construction of new smelter capacity in parallel with completing of negotiations of its long-term operating rights and will also discuss the possibility of expanding industrial activities in papua in connection with its long-term development plans. pt-fi has identified a site adjacent to the existing pt smelting site in gresik, indonesia, for the construction of additional smelter capacity.
the revisions to the cow are expected to result in additional costs for our indonesian operations. we cannot predict whether we will be successful in reaching a satisfactory agreement on the terms of our long-term mining rights. if we are unable to reach agreement with the government on our long-term rights, we may be required to reduce or defer investments in our underground development projects, which would negatively impact future production and reserves. in addition, we are required to apply for renewal of export permits at six-month intervals and the next renewal date is july 25, 2015. we cannot predict if such permits will be granted on a timely basis or whether we will be permitted to export concentrates after july 25, 2015.
in january 2015, the indonesian government issued regulations that require letters of credit to be posted to secure export sales of goods, which may impact pt-fi and pt smelting. such regulations are contrary to our cow, but it is possible that the indonesian government may seek to impose such requirements on pt-fi. these requirements could result in additional costs as well as administrative complexities, which could impact the ability to obtain customs clearance to export concentrates in a timely manner.
indonesia has also faced separatist movements and civil and religious strife in a number of provinces. several separatist groups have sought increased political independence for the province of papua, where our grasberg minerals district is located. in papua, there have been sporadic attacks on civilians by separatists and sporadic but
highly publicized conflicts between separatists and the indonesian military. in addition, illegal miners have periodically clashed with police who have attempted for years to move them away from our facilities. social, economic and political instability in papua could materially and adversely affect us if it results in damage to our property or interruption of our indonesia operations.
since july 2009, there have been violent incidents in and around the grasberg minerals district, including along the road leading to our mining and milling operations, which have resulted in 20 fatalities and 59 injuries. the safety of our workforce is a critical concern, and pt-fi continues to work with the indonesian government to address security issues. the investigation of these incidents is ongoing. we also continue to limit the use of the road leading to our mining and milling operations to secured convoys.
we cannot predict whether additional incidents will occur that could disrupt or suspend our indonesian operations. if other disruptive incidents occur, they could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition in ways that we cannot predict at this time. for further discussion of labor disruptions at pt-fi, refer to the operational risk factor "labor unrest and activism could disrupt our operations and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects."
we will not mine all of our ore reserves in indonesia before the initial term of our cow expires.
the initial term of pt-fi's cow expires in 2021, but can be extended for two 10-year periods subject to indonesian government approval, which pursuant to the cow cannot be withheld or delayed unreasonably. our proven and probable ore reserves in indonesia reflect estimates of minerals that can be recovered through the end of 2041, and our current mine plan and planned operations are based on the assumption that we will receive the two 10-year extensions. as a result, we will not mine all of these ore reserves during the initial term of the current cow. prior to the end of 2021, we expect to mine 23 percent of aggregate proven and probable recoverable ore at december 31, 2014, representing 30 percent of pt-fi's share of recoverable copper reserves and 40 percent of its share of recoverable gold reserves. there can be no assurance that the indonesian government will approve our cow extensions. for further discussion, refer to the above risk factor "because our grasberg minerals district is our most significant operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties and security risks in indonesia."
pt-fi's cow may be subject to termination if we do not comply with our contractual obligations, and if a dispute arises, we may have to submit to the jurisdiction of an international arbitration panel.
pt-fi's cow was entered into under indonesia's 1967 foreign capital investment law, which provides guarantees of remittance rights and protection against nationalization. the cow may be subject to termination by the indonesian government if we do not satisfy our contractual obligations, which include the payment of royalties and taxes to the government and the satisfaction of certain mining, environmental, safety and health requirements.
certain indonesian laws and regulations may conflict with the mining rights established under the cow. although the cow grants to pt-fi the unencumbered right to operate in accordance with the cow, government agencies may seek to impose additional restrictions on pt-fi that could affect exploration and operating requirements. for further discussion, refer to the above risk factor "because our grasberg minerals district is our most significant operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties and security risks in indonesia."
at times, certain government officials and others in indonesia have questioned the validity of contracts entered into by the indonesian government prior to may 1998 (i.e., during the suharto regime, which lasted over 30 years), including pt-fi's cow, which was signed in december 1991. we cannot provide assurance that the validity of, or our compliance with, the cow will not be challenged for political or other reasons.
pt-fi's cow requires that disputes with the indonesian government be submitted to international arbitration. accordingly, if a dispute arises under the cow, we face the risk of having to submit to the jurisdiction of an international arbitration panel, and if we prevail in such a dispute, we will face the additional risk of having to enforce the judgment of an international arbitration panel against indonesia within its own territory. additionally, our operations may be adversely affected while resolution of a dispute is pending.
the tenke fungurume (tenke) minerals district is located in the katanga province of the drc, and may be adversely affected by security risks and political, economic and social instability in the drc.
since gaining independence in 1960, the drc has undergone outbreaks of violence, changes in national leadership and financial crises. the drc held its first democratic elections in 2006. president joseph kabila, elected in 2006 and currently serving his second term, is not eligible under the drc constitution for reelection. the next presidential election is scheduled to be held in 2016. these factors heighten the risk of abrupt changes in the national policy toward foreign investors, which in turn could result in unilateral modification of concessions or contracts, increased taxation, denial of permits or permit renewals or expropriation of assets. as part of a review of all mining contracts by the ministry of mines (the ministry) in the drc, in february 2008, we received notification that the ministry wished to renegotiate several material provisions of tenke fungurume mining s.a.'s (tfm) mining contracts. in october 2010, the drc government concluded its review of tfm's existing mining contracts and confirmed that they are in good standing. in connection with the review, several amendments were made to tfm's mining contracts and governing documents, and in march 2012, fcx's effective ownership in tfm was reduced from 57.75 percent to 56 percent.
political, economic, social and security risks in the drc are generally outside of our control and could adversely affect our business. these risks include legal and regulatory uncertainties; exposure to an environment of governmental corruption and bribery; attempts to increase taxes or claims for fees and penalties by governmental officials, including retroactive claims; administrative disputes; security risks resulting from political instability in the drc; and risk of loss because of civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism.
in addition to ongoing conflict in the eastern region of the drc, there have been acts of violence in the katanga province where the tenke minerals district is located. the safety of our workforce at all of our operations is our highest priority, and tfm works cooperatively with government officials to address security issues; however, no assurance can be given that conflict or random acts of violence will not occur near or impact tenke's operations.
accordingly, our tenke operations and future development activities at the tenke minerals district may be substantially affected by factors beyond our control, any of which could interrupt tfm's operations or future development activities and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
mines by their nature are subject to many operational risks, some of which are outside of our control, and many of which are not covered fully, or in some cases even partially, by insurance. these operational risks, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and cash flow, include earthquakes, floods, and other natural disasters; equipment failures; accidents; wall failures and rock slides in our open-pit mines, and structural collapses in our underground mines; and lower than expected ore grades or recovery rates.
managing the volume of waste rock, leach material and tailings produced in our mining operations also presents significant environmental, safety and engineering challenges and risks. we maintain large leach pads and tailings impoundments containing viscous material, which are effectively large dams that must be engineered, constructed and monitored to assure structural stability and avoid leakages or structural collapse; our tailings impoundments in arid areas must have effective programs to suppress fugitive dust emissions, and we must effectively monitor and treat acid rock drainage. in indonesia, we use a river transport system for tailings management, which presents other risks, as discussed elsewhere in these risk factors. the failure of the systems or structures used to successfully manage these risks could result in significant personal injury, loss of life, property damage and damage to the environment, both in and around our areas of operations, as well as damage to production facilities and delays in or curtailments of production.
our oil and gas operations are also subject to operating hazards, including well blowouts, cratering, explosions, fires, uncontrollable flows of oil, gas or well fluids and pipeline ruptures, as well as natural disasters such as earthquakes, mudslides and hurricanes. our operations in california, including transportation of oil by pipelines within the city and county of los angeles, are especially susceptible to damage from earthquakes and involve increased risks of personal injury, property damage and marketing interruptions because of the population density
of southern california. our operations in the gulf of mexico (gom) and gulf coast region are particularly susceptible to interruption and damage from hurricanes. any of these operating hazards could cause personal injuries, fatalities, oil spills, discharge of hazardous substances into the air, soil, water and groundwater and other property or environmental damage, lost production and revenue, remediation and clean-up costs and liability for damages, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and may not be fully covered by our insurance.
labor unrest and activism could disrupt our operations and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
as of december 31, 2014, 48 percent of our global labor force was covered by collective bargaining agreements and 28 percent of our global labor force was covered by agreements that will expire during 2015, including the agreement covering employees at our indonesia operations. none of the employees of our oil and gas operations are represented by a union or covered by a collective labor agreement. labor agreements are negotiated on a periodic basis, and may not be renewed on reasonably satisfactory terms to us or at all. if we do not successfully negotiate new collective bargaining agreements with our union workers, we may incur prolonged strikes and other work stoppages at our mining operations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, if we enter into a new labor agreement with any union that significantly increases our labor costs relative to our competitors, our ability to compete may be materially and adversely affected. refer to items 1 and 2, "business and properties," for additional information regarding labor matters, and expiration dates of such agreements.
we could also experience labor disruptions such as work stoppages, work slowdowns, union organizing campaigns, strikes, or lockouts which could adversely affect our operations. for example, our pt-fi operations experienced an eight-day work stoppage in july 2011 and an approximate three-month strike that concluded in december 2011. the strike involved civil unrest, transportation blockades, sabotage of important operating facilities and violence. operations were also temporarily suspended during first-quarter 2012 when pt-fi experienced work interruptions in connection with its efforts to resume normal operations following the strike. in october 2014, a large percentage of grasberg open-pit operators did not report to their scheduled shifts, notwithstanding approval of resumption of operations by indonesian authorities upon completion of their investigation of a fatal haul truck accident that occurred near the grasberg open-pit. significant reductions in productivity or protracted work stoppages at one or more of our operations could significantly reduce our production and sales volumes, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our mining production depends on the availability of sufficient water supplies.
our mining operations require significant quantities of water for mining, ore processing and related support facilities. most of our mining operations in north and south america are in areas where water is scarce and competition among users for continuing access to water is significant. continuous production at our mines is dependent on our ability to maintain our water rights and claims, and the continuing physical availability of the water supplies. at our north america mining operations, certain of our water supplies are supported by surface water rights, which allow us to use public waters for a statutorily defined beneficial use at a designated location.
in arizona, where our operations use both surface and ground water, we are a participant in two active general stream adjudications in which the arizona courts have been attempting, for over 40 years, to quantify and prioritize surface water claims for two of the state's largest river systems, which affect four of our operating mines (morenci, safford, sierrita and miami). the legal precedent set in these proceedings may also affect our bagdad mine. the adjudications are addressing the state law claims of thousands of competing users, including us, as well as very significant federally based water claims of u.s. interests in arizona that are potentially adverse to the claims of surface water and groundwater users under state law. groundwater is treated differently from surface water under arizona law, which historically allowed land owners to pump at will, subject to the doctrine of reasonable use. however, court decisions in one of the adjudications have concluded that groundwater pumping may affect surface water, thereby effectively making it surface water and bringing the pumping within the jurisdiction of the general stream adjudications. the effort to define the boundaries between groundwater and surface water remains contested and is currently a primary focus of one of those adjudications. because groundwater accounts for approximately 40 percent of arizona's water supplies, the re-characterization of any significant portion of that water as surface water could jeopardize the ability of consumers, farmers, ranchers, municipalities, and industrial users like us, to continue to access water supplies that have been relied on for decades. because we are a significant user of both groundwater and surface water in arizona, we are an active participant in the adjudication proceedings.
in colorado, our surface water and groundwater rights are subject to adjudication and we are involved in legal proceedings to resolve disputes regarding priority and administration of rights, including priority of some of our rights for the climax molybdenum mine. in new mexico, our surface water and groundwater rights are fully licensed or have been fully adjudicated.
water for our cerro verde operation in peru comes from renewable sources through a series of storage reservoirs on the rio chili watershed that collect water primarily from seasonal precipitation. due to occasional drought conditions and the possibility that climate change will reduce precipitation levels, temporary supply shortages are possible that could affect our current and planned cerro verde operations. cerro verde has completed studies to assess opportunities for additional water supplies to support current operations and potential future expansion projects. cerro verde has reached agreements with the regional government of arequipa, the national government, the local water utility servicio de agua potable y alcantarillado de arequipa s.a. (sedapar), and other local institutions to allow it to finance, engineer and construct a wastewater treatment plant for the city of arequipa. cerro verde has obtained authorization to reuse an annual average of one cubic meter per second of the treated water, which is expected to supplement existing water supplies to support the concentrator expansion.
water for our el abra mining operation in chile comes from the continued pumping of groundwater from the salar de ascotán aquifer. in 2010, el abra obtained regulatory approval, subject to certain conditions, for the continued pumping of groundwater from the salar de ascotán aquifer for its sulfide processing plant, which began operations in 2011. el abra has sufficient water rights and regulatory approvals to support current operations; however, a change to the sulfide ore project, such as increased production or mill processing, would require additional water beyond our allowable groundwater pumping, which is permitted through 2021. el abra is conducting studies to assess the feasibility of constructing a desalination plant near the pacific ocean to treat seawater for possible increased sulfide ore production or mill processing.
although each of our mining operations currently has access to sufficient water supplies to support current operational demands, some supplies are subject to unresolved claims by others, and additional supplies that may be needed to support expanded operations are expensive, in short supply, and can be difficult to access because of logistical and legal obstacles. moreover, we cannot predict the potential outcome of pending or future legal proceedings on our water rights, claims and uses. loss of a water right, loss of continued use of a currently available water supply, or inability to expand our water resources could materially and adversely affect our mining operations, by significantly increasing the cost of water, forcing us to curtail operations, preventing us from expanding operations or forcing premature closures, thereby increasing and/or accelerating costs or foregoing profitable operations.
in addition to the usual risks encountered in the mining industry, our indonesia and africa mining operations involve additional risks because they are located in very remote areas and, in indonesia, unusually difficult terrain.
the grasberg minerals district is located in steep mountainous terrain in a remote area of indonesia. these conditions have required us to overcome special engineering difficulties and develop extensive infrastructure facilities. in addition, the area receives considerable rainfall, which has led to periodic floods and mudslides. the mine site is also in an active seismic area and has experienced earth tremors from time to time. our insurance may not sufficiently cover an unexpected natural or operating disaster.
underground mining operations can be particularly dangerous, and in may 2013, a tragic accident, which resulted in 28 fatalities and 10 injuries, occurred at pt-fi when the rock structure above the underground ceiling of a training facility collapsed. pt-fi temporarily suspended mining and processing activities at the grasberg complex to conduct inspections and resumed open-pit mining and concentrating activities on june 24, 2013, and underground operations on july 9, 2013. in april 2011, two pt-fi employees died in an accident when a portion of the doz underground mine experienced an uncontrolled muck flow. no assurance can be given that similar events will not occur in the future.
the tenke minerals district is located in a remote area of the drc and is subject to challenges, such as severely limited infrastructure, including road, bridge and rail access that is in disrepair and receives minimal maintenance; limited and unreliable energy supply from antiquated equipment and from power distribution corridors that are not maintained; difficulties in attracting and retaining experienced personnel; security risks; and limited health care in an area plagued by disease and other potential endemic health issues, including malaria, cholera and hiv.
additionally, because of limited rail access, we currently truck a significant portion of the production from the tenke mines approximately 1,900 miles to ports in south africa. the tenke minerals district and its future development may be substantially affected by factors beyond our control, which could adversely affect their contribution to our operating results and increase the cost of future development.
we must continually replace reserves depleted by production, but our exploration activities may not result in additional discoveries.
our existing mineral and oil and natural gas reserves will be depleted over time by production from our operations. because our profits are derived from our mining and oil and gas operations, our ability to replenish our reserves is essential to our long-term success. our exploration projects involve many risks, require substantial expenditures and may not result in the discovery of additional deposits or reservoirs that can be produced profitably. we may not be able to discover, enhance, develop or acquire reserves in sufficient quantities to maintain or grow our current reserve levels, which could negatively affect our business and prospects.
development projects are inherently risky and may require more capital than anticipated, which could adversely affect our business.
there are many risks and uncertainties inherent in all development projects (refer to md&a for further discussion of our current development projects). the economic feasibility of development projects is based on many factors, including the accuracy of estimated reserves, estimated capital and operating costs, and estimated future prices of the relevant commodity. the capital expenditures and time required to develop new mines, wells, or other projects are considerable, and changes in costs or construction or drilling schedules can adversely affect project economics.
operations in the deepwater gom present greater operating risks than operations in the shallower waters or onshore. in addition, our shallow water and onshore operations that target ultra-deep prospects involve greater risks and costs than conventional gom shelf and onshore gulf coast prospects.
the deepwater gom presents significant challenges because of risks associated with geological complexity, water depth and higher drilling and development costs. for example, in april 2010, the deepwater horizon, an unaffiliated offshore drilling rig located in the deepwater gom, sank following an explosion and fire, resulting in fatalities and the discharge of substantial amounts of oil into the gom until mid-july 2010 when the flow of oil was finally stopped. the u.s. department of interior imposed a moratorium on deepwater drilling from may through october 2010 and also issued a series of rules and notices to lessees and operators imposing new and more stringent regulatory safety and performance requirements and permitting procedures for new wells to be drilled in the deepwater gom, all of which significantly and adversely disrupted oil and gas exploration activities in the gom and resulted in increased costs.
the deepwater gom also lacks the infrastructure present in shallower waters, which can result in significant delays in obtaining or maintaining production. as a result, deepwater operations may require significant time between a discovery and marketability, thereby increasing the financial risk of these operations.
our inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous exploration prospects target formations below the salt weld on the gom shelf and onshore in south louisiana. these targets have not traditionally been the subject of exploratory activity in these regions, so that little direct comparative data is available. on february 25, 2015, the highlander discovery, located onshore in south louisiana in the inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous trend, began production. prior to this date there had been no commercial production of hydrocarbons from inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous reservoirs in these areas. the lack of comparative data and the limitations of diagnostic tools operating in the extreme temperatures and pressures encountered at these depths make it difficult to predict reservoir quality and well performance of these formations. it is also significantly more risky and expensive to drill and complete wells in these formations than at more conventional depths. major contributors to such increased risks and costs include far higher temperatures and pressures encountered down hole, longer drilling times, extended procurement time and increased costs associated with the specialized equipment required to drill and complete wells in these formations.
our operations are subject to extensive regulations, some of which require permits and other approvals. these regulations increase our costs and in some circumstances may delay or suspend our operations.
our operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that are subject to change and to changing interpretation by governmental agencies and other bodies vested with broad supervisory authority. as a natural resource company, compliance with environmental legal requirements is an integral and costly part of our business. for additional information, see "environmental risks." we are also subject to extensive regulation of worker health and safety, including the requirements of the u.s. occupational safety and health act and similar laws of other jurisdictions. in the u.s., the operation of our mines is subject to regulation by the u.s. mine safety and health administration (msha) under the federal mine safety and health act of 1977. msha inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred. if such inspections result in an alleged violation, we may be subject to fines and penalties and, in instances of alleged significant violations, our mining operations could be subject to temporary or extended closures.
our oil and gas operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations that require, among other things, permits for the drilling and operation of wells and bonding and insurance to drill, operate and plug and abandon wells, and that regulate the safety of our pipelines. our u.s. offshore operations in federal waters are subject to broad regulation by the boem/bsee, which among other things must issue permits in connection with our exploration, drilling, development and production plans. under certain circumstances boem/bsee may impose penalties and may suspend or terminate any of our operations on federal leases. many other governmental bodies regulate our operations, and our failure to comply with these legal requirements can result in substantial penalties. in addition, new laws and regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations and new interpretations of existing laws and regulations by courts or regulatory authorities occur regularly, but are difficult to predict. any such variations could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.
cybersecurity incidents are increasing in frequency, evolving in nature and include, but are not limited to, installation of malicious software, unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data. we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. we believe we have implemented appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks. however, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could be subject to manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
environmental risks our operations are subject to complex and evolving environmental laws and regulations. compliance with environmental regulatory requirements involves significant costs and may constrain our expansion opportunities.
our operations, both in the u.s. and internationally, are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations governing the generation, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances, waste disposal, air emissions, water discharges, remediation, restoration and reclamation of environmental contamination, including oil spill cleanup, mine closure and well plug and abandonment requirements, protection of endangered and protected species, and other related matters. in addition, we must obtain regulatory permits and approvals to start, continue and expand operations. laws such as cercla and similar state laws may subject us to joint and several liability for environmental damages caused by previous owners or operators of properties we acquired or are currently operating or at sites where we sent materials for processing, recycling or disposal. as discussed in more detail in the next risk factor, we have substantial obligations for environmental remediation on mining properties previously owned or operated by freeport minerals corporation (fmc) and certain of its affiliates. some of our onshore california oil and gas fields have been in operation for more than 100 years, and current or future legal requirements may require substantial expenditures to remediate the properties or to otherwise comply with these requirements. noncompliance with these laws and regulations could result in material penalties or other liabilities. in addition, compliance with these laws may from time to time result in delays in or changes to our development or expansion plans. compliance with these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs, which we expect will continue to increase over time because of increased regulatory oversight, adoption of increasingly stringent environmental standards, as well as other factors.
new or revised environmental legal requirements are frequently proposed, many of which result in substantially increased costs for our business. for example, the epa has recently promulgated rules that could result in the reclassification of some mineral processing materials as "hazardous waste" under the federal resource conservation and recovery act and subject the industry to significant new and costly waste management requirements. we are seeking clarification of how those rules might affect our u.s. copper and molybdenum processing and recycling activities.
other regulations under consideration by environmental regulatory agencies include provisions that would impose additional restrictions on waterway discharges and land use, regulate environmental impacts of radioactive materials associated with mining operations, and expand regulation of solid wastes, among other things. regulations are being considered at various governmental levels to increase regulation of or prohibit hydraulic fracturing. adoption of these or similar new environmental regulations or more stringent application of existing regulations may materially increase our costs and constrain our expansion opportunities.
during 2014, we incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs (including our joint venture partners' shares) to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations of $405 million, compared with $595 million in 2013 and $612 million in 2012. for 2015, we expect to incur approximately $500 million of aggregate environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs. the timing and amounts of estimated payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and costs of reclamation and plug and abandonment activities, the settlement of environmental matters and the rate at which actual spending occurs.
we incur significant costs for remediating environmental conditions on mining properties that have not been operated in many years.
fmc and its subsidiaries, and many of their affiliates and predecessor companies have been involved in exploration, mining, milling, smelting and manufacturing in the u.s. for more than a century. activities that occurred in the late 19th century and the 20th century prior to the advent of modern environmental laws were not subject to environmental regulation and were conducted before american industrial companies fully understood the long-term effects of their operations on the surrounding environment.
with the passage of cercla in 1980, companies like fmc became legally responsible for the remediation of hazardous substances released into the environment from properties owned or operated by them, including damages to natural resources, irrespective of when the damage to the environment occurred or who caused it. that liability is often shared on a joint and several basis with all other prior and subsequent owners and operators, meaning that each owner or operator of the property is fully responsible for the remediation, although in many cases some or all of the other historical owners or operators no longer exist, do not have the financial ability to respond or cannot be found. as a result, because of our acquisition of fmc in 2007, many of the subsidiary companies we now own are responsible for a wide variety of environmental remediation projects throughout the u.s., and we expect to spend substantial sums annually for many years to address those remediation issues. we are also subject to claims where the release of hazardous substances is alleged to have damaged natural resources. at december 31, 2014, we had more than 100 active remediation projects (including damaged natural resource claims) in 27 u.s. states. in addition, fmc and certain affiliates and predecessor companies were parties to agreements relating to the transfer of businesses or properties, which contained indemnification provisions relating to environmental matters, and which from time to time become the source of claims against us.
at december 31, 2014, we had $1.2 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet for environmental obligations attributable to cercla or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental matters at closed facilities or closed portions of certain operating facilities. our environmental obligation estimates are primarily based upon:
•   our beliefs and assumptions regarding the nature, extent and duration of remediation activities that we will be required to undertake and the estimated costs of those remediation activities, which are subject to varying interpretations; and
significant adjustments to these estimates are likely to occur in the future as additional information becomes available. the actual environmental costs may exceed our current and future accruals for these costs, and any such changes could be material.
in addition, remediation standards for environmental media imposed by the epa and state environmental agencies have generally become more stringent over time and may become more stringent in the future. imposition of more stringent remediation standards poses a risk that additional remediation work could be required at sites that we have already remediated to the satisfaction of the responsible governmental agencies, and may increase the risk of toxic tort litigation.
mining operations on the scale of our indonesia operations involve significant environmental risks and challenges. our primary challenge is to dispose of the large amount of crushed and ground rock material, called tailings, that results from the process by which we physically separate the copper-, gold- and silver-bearing materials from the ore that we mine. our tailings management plan, which has been approved by the indonesian government, uses the unnavigable river system in the highlands near our mine to transport the tailings to an engineered area in the lowlands where the tailings and natural sediments are managed in a deposition area. lateral levees have been constructed to help contain the footprint of the tailings and to limit their impact in the lowlands.
another major environmental challenge is managing overburden, which is the rock that must be moved aside in the mining process to reach the ore. in the presence of air, water and naturally occurring bacteria, some overburden can generate acid rock drainage, or acidic water containing dissolved metals that, if not properly managed, can adversely affect the environment. in addition, overburden stockpiles are subject to erosion caused by the large amounts of rainfall, with the eroded stockpile material eventually being deposited in the lowlands tailing management area; this additional material, while predicted in our environmental studies, could influence the deposition of finer tailing material in the estuary.
from time to time, certain indonesian government officials have raised questions with respect to our tailings and overburden management plans, including a suggestion that we implement a pipeline system rather than the river transport system for tailings management and disposition. because our indonesia mining operations are remotely located in steep mountainous terrain and in an active seismic area, a pipeline system would be costly, difficult to construct and maintain, and more prone to catastrophic failure, and could therefore involve significant potentially adverse environmental issues. based on our own studies and others conducted by third parties, we do not believe that a pipeline system is necessary or practical.
many scientists believe that emissions from the combustion of carbon-based fuels contribute to greenhouse effects and, therefore, contribute to climate change. carbon-based energy is a significant input in our operations, and our revenues include significant sales of oil, ngls and gas, and other carbon-based energy products. the potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would vary by operation based on particular geographic circumstances. a number of governments have introduced or are contemplating regulatory initiatives designed to control and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. in the u.s., the epa has proposed regulations governing greenhouse gas emissions from new, modified, and existing power plants. increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions may increase our costs and may also affect the demand for the oil and gas we produce.
other risks our holding company structure may impact our ability to service debt and our stockholders' ability to receive dividends.
we are a holding company with no material assets other than the capital stock of our subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to repay our indebtedness and pay dividends is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, loan, debt repayment or otherwise. our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to make funds available to us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. dividends from subsidiaries that are not wholly owned are shared with other equity owners. cash at our international operations is also subject to foreign withholding taxes upon repatriation into the u.s.
in addition, our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal restrictions, as well as the financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. our rights to participate in any distribution of our subsidiaries' assets upon their liquidation, reorganization or insolvency would generally be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiaries' creditors, including any trade creditors.
anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and delaware law may make an acquisition of us more difficult.
anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and delaware law may make an acquisition of us more difficult. these provisions:
•   authorize our board of directors (the board) to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval and to designate the rights, preferences and privileges of each class; if issued, such preferred stock would increase the number of outstanding shares of our capital stock and could include terms that may deter an acquisition of us;
•   limit removal of directors for cause only;
•   limit who may call stockholder meetings; and
these provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our common stock. these provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by the board.
in addition, because we are incorporated in delaware, we are governed by the provisions of section 203 of the delaware general corporation law, which may prohibit large stockholders from consummating a merger with, or acquisition of, us.
these provisions may deter an acquisition of us that might otherwise be attractive to stockholders.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap)
in the u.s. the preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. we base these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we consider reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the areas requiring the use of management's estimates are also discussed in note 1 under the subheading "use of estimates." management has reviewed the following discussion of its development and selection of critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors (the board).
table of contents mineral reserves recoverable proven and probable reserves are the part of a mineral deposit that can be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. the determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the ultimate geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades and recovery rates. estimating the quantity and grade of mineral reserves requires us to determine the size, shape and depth of our ore bodies by analyzing geological data, such as samplings of drill holes, tunnels and other underground workings. in addition to the geology of our mines, assumptions are required to determine the economic feasibility of mining these reserves, including estimates of future commodity prices and demand, the mining methods we use and the related costs incurred to develop and mine our reserves. our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. a majority of these estimates are reviewed annually and verified by independent experts in mining, geology and reserve determination.
at december 31, 2014 , our consolidated estimated recoverable proven and probable reserves were determined using long-term average prices of $2.00 per pound for copper (consistent with the long-term average copper price used since december 31, 2010), $1,000 per ounce for gold and $10 per pound for molybdenum. the following table summarizes changes in our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable copper, gold and molybdenum reserves during 2014 and 2013 :
net additions/revisions                   (1.2  )                  -         -0.07
net additions/revisions                   (0.1  )               -0.6         -0.05
a.  includes estimated recoverable metals contained in stockpiles. see below for additional discussion of recoverable copper in stockpiles.
as discussed in note 1 , we depreciate our life-of-mine mining and milling assets and values assigned to proven and probable mineral reserves using the unit-of-production (uop) method based on our estimated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves. because the economic assumptions used to estimate mineral reserves may change from period to period and additional geological data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of reserves may change, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations, including changes to prospective depreciation rates and impairments of asset carrying values. excluding impacts associated with changes in the levels of finished goods inventories and based on projected copper sales volumes for 2015 , if estimated copper reserves at our mines were 10 percent higher at december 31, 2014 , we estimate that our annual depreciation, depletion and amortization expense for 2015 would decrease by $59 million ($30 million to net income attributable to common stockholders), and a 10 percent decrease in copper reserves would increase depreciation, depletion and amortization expense by $77 million ($40 million to net income attributable to common stockholders). we perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. if it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective depreciation rates.
as discussed below and in note 1 , we review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, and changes to our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves could have an impact on our assessment of asset recoverability.
recoverable copper in stockpiles we record, as inventory, applicable costs for copper contained in mill and leach stockpiles that are expected to be processed in the future based on proven processing technologies. accounting for recoverable copper from mill and leach stockpiles represents a critical accounting estimate because (i) it is generally impracticable to determine
at december 31, 2014 , estimated consolidated recoverable copper was 3.6 billion pounds in leach stockpiles (with a carrying value of $3.6 billion ) and 0.9 billion pounds in mill stockpiles (with a carrying value of $446 million
), compared with 3.3 billion pounds in leach stockpiles (with a carrying value of $3.3 billion) and 1.4 billion pounds in mill stockpiles (with a carrying value of $789 million) at december 31, 2013.
oil and natural gas reserves proved reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations. the term
"reasonable certainty" implies a high degree of confidence that the quantities of oil and natural gas actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate. engineering estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves directly impact financial accounting estimates, including depreciation, depletion and amortization and the ceiling limitation under the full cost method. estimates of total proved reserves are determined using methods prescribed by the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec), which require the use of an average reference price calculated as the twelve-month average of the first-day-of-the-month historical market prices for crude oil and natural gas. at december 31, 2014, our estimates were based on reference prices of $94.99 per barrel (west texas intermediate) and $4.35 per mmbtu (henry hub spot natural gas) as adjusted for location and quality differentials, which are held constant throughout the lives of the oil and gas properties, except where such guidelines permit alternate treatment, including the use of fixed and determinable contractual price escalations, but excluding derivatives. actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the average prices and costs as of the date of the estimate.
there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities and values of proved oil and natural gas reserves and in projecting future rates of production and the amount and timing of development expenditures, including many factors beyond our control. future development and abandonment costs are determined annually for each of our properties based upon its geographic location, type of production structure, water depth, reservoir depth and characteristics, currently available procedures and consultations with engineering consultants. because these costs typically extend many years into the future, estimating these future costs is difficult and requires management to make judgments that are subject to future revisions based upon numerous factors, including changing technology and the political and regulatory environment. reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating the recovery from underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. because all reserve estimates are subjective, the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered, production and operating costs, the amount and timing of future development expenditures and future oil and natural gas sales prices may all differ from those assumed in our estimates.
impairment of long-lived mining assets as discussed in note 1 , we evaluate our long-lived mining assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. in evaluating our long-lived assets for recoverability, estimates of after-tax undiscounted future cash flows of our individual mining operations are used, with impairment losses measured by reference to fair value. as quoted market prices are unavailable for our individual mining operations, fair value is determined through the use of discounted estimated
table of contents future cash flows. the estimated cash flows used to assess recoverability of our long-lived assets and measure fair value of our mining operations are derived from current business plans, which are developed using near-term price forecasts reflective of the current price environment and management's projections for long-term average metal prices. in addition to near- and long-term metal price assumptions, other key assumptions include commodity-based and other input costs; proven and probable reserves, including the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves; and the use of appropriate escalation and discount rates. we believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use.
because the cash flows used to assess recoverability of our long-lived assets and measure fair value of our mining operations require us to make several estimates and assumptions that are subject to risk and uncertainty, changes in these estimates and assumptions could result in the impairment of our long-lived asset values. events that could result in impairment of our long-lived assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in future metal prices, decreases in estimated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on mine site production levels or costs.
impairment of oil and gas properties as discussed in note 1 , we follow the full cost method of accounting for our oil and gas operations, whereby all costs associated with oil and gas property acquisition, exploration and development activities are capitalized and amortized to expense under the uop method on a country-by-country basis using estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves relating to each country where such activities are conducted.
for further discussion of the ceiling test calculation). additionally, sec rules require that we price our future oil and gas production at the twelve-month average of the first-day-of-the-month historical reference prices adjusted for location and quality differentials. such prices are utilized except where different prices are fixed and determinable from applicable contracts for the remaining term of those contracts excluding derivatives. the pricing in ceiling test impairment calculations required by full cost accounting may cause results that do not reflect current market conditions that exist at the end of an accounting period. for example, in periods of increasing oil and gas prices, the use of a twelve-month historical average price in the ceiling test calculation may result in an impairment. conversely, in times of declining prices, ceiling test calculations may not result in an impairment.
at september 30, 2014, and december 31, 2014 , net capitalized costs with respect to fm o&g's proved u.s. oil and gas properties exceeded the ceiling amount specified by sec full cost accounting rules, which resulted in the recognition of impairment charges totaling $3.7 billion ( $2.3 billion to net loss attributable to common stockholders) in 2014. the twelve-month average of the first-day-of-the-month historical reference oil price required to be used under sec full cost accounting rules in determining the december 31, 2014, ceiling amount was
$94.99 per barrel. because the ceiling test limitation uses a twelve-month historical average price, if oil prices remain below the twelve-month 2014 average of $94.99 per barrel the ceiling limitation will decrease in 2015. in particular, the effect of weaker oil prices than the 2014 average is expected to result in significant additional ceiling test impairments of our oil and gas properties during 2015. brent crude oil prices averaged $77.08 per barrel during fourth-quarter 2014 and were $57.33 per barrel at december 31, 2014, and $60.22 per barrel at february 20, 2015.
at december 31, 2014 , we also had $10.1 billion of costs for unproved oil and gas properties, which are excluded from amortization. these costs will be transferred into the amortization base (i.e., full cost pool) as the properties are evaluated and proved reserves are established or if impairment is determined. we assess our unproved properties at least annually, and if impairment is indicated, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and subject to amortization. accordingly, an impairment of unproved properties does not immediately result in the recognition of a charge to the consolidated statements of income, but rather increases the costs subject to amortization and the costs subject to the ceiling limitation under the full cost accounting method. the transfer of costs into the amortization base involves a significant amount of judgment and may be subject to changes over time based on our drilling plans and results, geological and geophysical evaluations, the assignment of proved reserves, availability of capital and other factors.
because the transfer of unevaluated property to the full cost pool requires significant judgment and the ceiling test used to evaluate impairment of our proved oil and gas properties requires us to make several estimates and assumptions that are subject to risk and uncertainty, changes in these estimates and assumptions could result in the impairment of our oil and gas properties. events that could result in impairment of our oil and gas properties include, but are not limited to, decreases in future crude oil and natural gas prices, decreases in estimated proved
impairment of goodwill we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires us to allocate the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment, the utilization of independent valuation experts, and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including future cash flows, discount rates and forward prices. the excess of acquisition consideration over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. in connection with our oil and gas acquisitions in 2013, we recorded goodwill, all of which was assigned to our u.s.
oil and gas reporting unit.
goodwill is required to be evaluated for impairment on at least an annual basis, or at any other time if events or circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may no longer be recoverable. during the fourth quarter of each year, we conduct a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment, which involves examining relevant events and circumstances which could have a negative impact on our goodwill such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows, overall financial performance, dispositions and acquisitions, and any other relevant events or circumstances. after assessing the relevant events and circumstances for the qualitative impairment assessment during fourth-quarter 2014, including the significant decline in oil prices, we determined that performing a quantitative goodwill impairment test was necessary. these evaluations resulted in impairment charges totaling $1.7 billion ( $1.7 billion to net loss attributable to common stockholders) for the full carrying value of goodwill. crude oil prices and our estimates of oil reserves at december 31, 2014, represent the most significant assumptions used in our evaluation of goodwill.
environmental obligations our current and historical operating activities are subject to various national, state and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized, depending upon their future economic benefits. the guidance provided by u.s. gaap requires that liabilities for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that obligations have been incurred and the cost can be reasonably estimated. at december 31, 2014 , environmental obligations recorded in our consolidated balance sheet totaled $1.2 billion , which reflect obligations for environmental liabilities attributed to the comprehensive environmental response, compensation, and liability act of 1980 (cercla) or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental matters. refer to notes 1 and 12 for further discussion of environmental obligations, including a summary of changes in our estimated environmental obligations for the three years ending december 31, 2014 .
accounting for environmental obligations represents a critical accounting estimate because changes to environmental laws and regulations and/or circumstances affecting our operations could result in significant changes to our estimates, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations. we perform a comprehensive annual review of our environmental obligations and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. judgments and estimates are based upon available facts, existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, remediation experience, whether or not we are a potentially responsible party (prp), the ability of other prps to pay their allocated portions and take into consideration reasonably possible outcomes. our cost estimates can change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of site contamination, updated cost assumptions (including increases and decreases to cost estimates), changes in the anticipated scope and timing of remediation activities, the settlement of environmental matters, required remediation methods and actions by or against governmental agencies or private parties.
asset retirement obligations we record the fair value of our estimated asset retirement obligations (aros) associated with tangible long-lived assets in the period incurred. fair value is measured as the present value of cash flow estimates after considering inflation and a market risk premium. our cost estimates are reflected on a third-party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire tangible long-lived assets in the period incurred. these cost estimates may differ from financial assurance cost estimates for reclamation activities because of a variety of factors, including obtaining updated cost estimates for reclamation activities, the timing of reclamation activities, changes in scope and the exclusion of certain costs not considered reclamation and closure costs. at december 31, 2014 , aros recorded in
table of contents our consolidated balance sheet totaled $2.8 billion , including $1.1 billion associated with our oil and gas operations. refer to notes 1 and 12 for further discussion of reclamation and closure costs, including a summary of changes in our aros for the three years ended december 31, 2014 .
generally, aro activities are specified by regulations or in permits issued by the relevant governing authority, and management judgment is required to estimate the extent and timing of expenditures. accounting for aros represents a critical accounting estimate because (i) we will not incur most of these costs for a number of years, requiring us to make estimates over a long period, (ii) reclamation and closure laws and regulations could change in the future and/or circumstances affecting our operations could change, either of which could result in significant changes to our current plans, (iii) the methods used or required to plug and abandon non-producing oil and gas wellbores, remove platforms, tanks, production equipment and flow lines, and restore the wellsite could change, (iv) calculating the fair value of our aros requires management to estimate projected cash flows, make long-term assumptions about inflation rates, determine our credit-adjusted, risk-free interest rates and determine market risk premiums that are appropriate for our operations and (v) given the magnitude of our estimated reclamation, mine closure and wellsite abandonment and restoration costs, changes in any or all of these estimates could have a significant impact on our results of operations.
taxes in preparing our annual consolidated financial statements, we estimate the actual amount of income taxes currently payable or receivable as well as deferred income tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates or laws is recognized in income in the period in which such changes are enacted.
our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. we and our subsidiaries are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of our contracts or laws. the final taxes paid may be dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities. in certain jurisdictions, we must pay a portion of the disputed amount to the local government in order to formally appeal the assessment. such payment is recorded as a receivable if we believe the amount is collectible.
a valuation allowance is provided for those deferred income tax assets for which it is more likely than not that the related benefits will not be realized. in determining the amount of the valuation allowance, we consider estimated future taxable income as well as feasible tax planning strategies in each jurisdiction. if we determine that we will not realize all or a portion of our deferred income tax assets, we will increase our valuation allowance. conversely, if we determine that we will ultimately be able to realize all or a portion of the related benefits for which a valuation allowance has been provided, all or a portion of the related valuation allowance will be reduced.
our valuation allowances totaled $2.4 billion at december 31, 2014 , and covered a portion of our u.s. foreign tax credit carryforwards, foreign net operating loss carryforwards, u.s. state net operating loss carryforwards and u.s. state deferred tax assets. valuation allowances totaled $2.5 billion at december 31, 2013 , and covered all of our u.s. foreign tax credit carryforwards, and a portion of our foreign net operating loss carryforwards, u.s.
state net operating loss carryforwards, u.s. state deferred tax assets and u.s. capital loss carryforwards. refer to note 11 for further discussion.
flowso capital         $            7,215                      $   5,286                    $   3,494
expenditures at december
includes net noncash mark-to-market gains (losses) associated with crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts totaling$627 million($389 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.37per d.  share) in2014and$(312) million($(194) millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$(0.19)per share) for the seven-month period from june 1,2013, to december 31, 2013. refer to "revenues" for further discussion.
table of contents includes net (charges) credits for adjustments to environmental obligations and related litigation reserves g.  totaling$(76) million($(50) millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$(0.05)per share)
the year 2014 includes charges totaling$37 million($23 millionto net loss attributable to common stock or$0.02per share) associated with early rig termination and inventory write offs at fcx's oil and gas operations.the year2013includes charges of (i)$76 million($49 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$0.05per share) associated with updated mine plans at morenci that resulted in a loss in h.  recoverable copper in leach stockpiles and (ii)$37 million($23 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$0.02per share) for restructuring an executive employment arrangement. the year2012includes a gain of$59 million($31 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$0.03per share) for the settlement of the insurance claim for business interruption and property damage relating to the 2011
includes transaction and related costs totaling$80 million($50 millionto net income attributable to common i.  stockholders or$0.05per share) in2013and$9 million($7 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$0.01per share) in2012principally associated with the oil and gas acquisitions.
includes charges associated with new labor agreements totaling$36 million($13 millionto net income j.  attributable to common stockholders or$0.01per share) at cerro verde in2013and$16 million($8 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$0.01per share) at candelaria in2012.
k.  we defer recognizing profits on intercompany sales until final sales to third parties occur. refer to
the year 2014 includes a net tax charge of$103 million($0.10per share) and the year 2012 includes a net tax m.  credit of$98 million, net of noncontrolling interests ($0.11per share).refer to note 11 and "provision for income taxes" below for further discussion of the net tax benefits (charges) impacting 2014 and 2012.
includes gains associated with the oil and gas acquisitions, including (i)$199 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders ($0.20per share) associated with net reductions in our deferred tax n.  liabilities and deferred tax asset valuation allowances, and (ii) $128 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders ($0.13 per share) related to our preferred stock investment in and the subsequent acquisition of mcmoran exploration co. refer to note 11 and "provision for income taxes" below for further discussion.
o.  includes net working capital uses and changes in other tax payments of$632 millionin2014,$377
average realized price per pound site production and delivery costs per poundb        years ended december 31, unit net cash costs per poundb                                           2014            2013a gold(recoverable)                                                       3,904            4,131
reflects per pound weighted-average production and delivery costs and unit net cash costs (net of b.  by-product credits) for all copper mines, excluding net noncash and other costs. for reconciliations of the per pound unit costs by operating division to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements, refer to "product revenues and production costs."
mining sales volumes consolidated sales volumes totaled 3.9 billion pounds of copper, 1.25 million ounces of gold and 95 million pounds of molybdenum in 2014 , 4.1 billion pounds of copper, 1.2 million ounces of gold and 93 million pounds of molybdenum in 2013 , and 3.65 billion pounds of copper, 1.0 million ounces of gold and 83 million pounds of molybdenum in 2012 . lower consolidated copper sales volumes in 2014 , compared with 2013 , primarily reflected decreased volumes in indonesia and south america, partly offset by higher volumes from our north america copper mines. higher consolidated copper and gold sales volumes in 2013 , compared with 2012 , primarily reflected improved volumes throughout our global mining operations. refer to "operations" for further discussion of sales volumes at our operating divisions.
metal price realizations our consolidated mining revenues can vary significantly as a result of fluctuations in the market prices of copper, gold, molybdenum, silver and cobalt. as presented above on the summary operating data table, we recognized lower copper and gold price realizations from our mining operations in 2014 , compared with 2013 , and also in 2013 , compared with 2012 . refer to "markets" for further discussion.
substantially all of our copper concentrate and cathode sales contracts provide final copper pricing in a specified future month (generally one to four months from the shipment date) based primarily on quoted lme monthly average spot copper prices (refer to "disclosures about market risks-commodity price risk" for further discussion).
atlantic copper revenues lower atlantic copper revenues in 2013 , compared with 2014 and 2012 , primarily reflected the impact of a major maintenance turnaround in 2013.
oil & gas revenues and derivative contracts oil and gas sales volumes totaled 56.8 mmboe in 2014 , and 38.1 mmboe for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013. oil and gas realizations of $71.83 per boe in 2014 were lower compared with $76.87 per boe for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013, primarily reflecting lower oil prices and higher realized cash losses on derivative contracts (realized cash losses totaled $122 million , or $2.15 per boe in 2014, compared with $22 million , or $0.58 per boe for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31,
in connection with the acquisition of plains exploration & production company (pxp), fcx has derivative contracts for 2015 consisting of crude oil options, and for 2013 and 2014, had derivative contracts that consisted of crude oil options and swaps and natural gas swaps. these crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts are not designated as hedging instruments; accordingly, they are recorded at fair value with the mark-to-market gains and losses recorded in revenues each period. net credits (charges) to revenues for net noncash mark-to-market gains
commodity price risk" for further discussion of crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts.
production and delivery costs consolidated production and delivery costs totaled $11.9 billion in 2014 , $11.8 billion in 2013 and $10.4 billion in 2012 . higher production and delivery costs for 2014, compared with 2013, were primarily associated with our oil and gas operations, which included a full year of results for 2014, partly offset by lower costs for our mining operations mostly associated with lower volumes in south america and indonesia. higher consolidated production and delivery costs in 2013, compared with 2012, primarily reflected the addition of costs from our oil and gas operations and higher copper purchases.
mining unit site production and delivery costs site production and delivery costs for our copper mining operations primarily include labor, energy and commodity-
based inputs, such as sulphuric acid, reagents, liners, tires and explosives. consolidated unit site production and delivery costs (before net noncash and other costs) for our copper mining operations averaged $1.90 per pound of copper in 2014 , $1.88 per pound in 2013 and $2.00 per pound in 2012. higher consolidated unit site production and delivery costs in 2014 , compared with 2013, primarily reflect the impact of lower copper sales volumes in south america and indonesia, partly offset by higher volumes in north america. consolidated production and delivery costs for 2014 also exclude fixed costs charged directly to cost of sales as a result of the impact of export restrictions on pt-fi's operating rates totaling $0.04 per pound of copper. lower consolidated unit site production and delivery costs in 2013, compared with 2012, primarily reflects higher copper sales volumes in indonesia and south america.
assuming achievement of current 2015 volume and cost estimates, consolidated site production and delivery costs are expected to average $1.81 per pound of copper for 2015 . refer to "operations - unit net cash costs" for further discussion of unit net cash costs associated with our operating divisions, and to "product revenues and production costs" for reconciliations of per pound costs by operating division to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
our copper mining operations require significant energy, principally diesel, electricity, coal and natural gas, most of which is obtained from third parties under long-term contracts. energy costs approximated 20 percent of our consolidated copper production costs in 2014 , including purchases of approximately 250 million gallons of diesel fuel; 7,600 gigawatt hours of electricity at our north america, south america and africa copper mining operations
table of contents oil and gas production costs per boe production costs for our oil and gas operations primarily include costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities, such as lease operating expenses, steam gas costs, electricity, production and ad valorem taxes, and gathering and transportation expenses. cash production costs for our oil and gas operations of
billion in 2014 , $2.8 billion in 2013 and $1.2 billion in 2012 . higher dd&a in 2014 was primarily associated with a full year of expense for oil and gas operations ( $2.3 billion in 2014, compared with $1.4 billion for the seven-
month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013). higher dd&a in 2013, compared with 2012, primarily reflected the seven months of expense from our acquired oil and gas operations, and asset additions and higher production at our mining operations.
impairment of oil and gas properties under the full cost accounting rules, a "ceiling test" is conducted each quarter to review the carrying value of the oil and gas properties for impairment. at september 30, 2014, and december 31, 2014, net capitalized costs with respect to fm o&g's proved u.s. oil and gas properties exceeded the related ceiling limitation, which resulted in the recognition of impairment charges totaling $3.7 billion in 2014. refer to note 1 and "critical accounting estimates - impairment of oil and gas properties" for further discussion.
$120 million for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013, selling, general and administrative expenses were lower in 2014, compared with 2013, primarily because of transaction and related costs totaling $80 million incurred during 2013 associated with the oil and gas acquisitions. higher selling, general and administrative expenses in 2013, compared with 2012, primarily reflected the addition of costs associated with oil and gas operations, and transaction and related costs associated with the oil and gas acquisitions.
consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses exclude capitalized general and administrative expenses at our oil and gas operations totaling $143 million in 2014 and $67 million for the seven-month period from june 1,
million in 2013 and $285 million in 2012 . our exploration activities are generally near our existing mines with a focus on opportunities to expand reserves and resources to support development of additional future production capacity in the large mineral districts where we currently operate. exploration results continue to indicate opportunities for what we believe could be significant future potential reserve additions in north and south america, and in the tenke minerals district. the drilling data in north america also continue to indicate the potential for significantly expanded sulfide production. drilling results and exploration modeling in north america have identified large-scale potential sulfide resources in the morenci and safford/lone star districts, providing a long-term pipeline for future growth in reserves and production capacity in an established minerals district.
for the year 2015 , mining exploration and research expenditures are expected to total approximately $140 million , including approximately $100 million for exploration. as further discussed in note 1, under the full cost method of accounting, exploration costs for our oil and gas operations are capitalized to oil and gas properties.
table of contents environmental obligations and shutdown costs environmental obligation costs (credits) reflect net revisions to our long-term environmental obligations, which will vary from period to period because of changes to environmental laws and regulations, the settlement of environmental matters and/or circumstances affecting our operations that could result in significant changes in our estimates (refer to "critical accounting estimates - environmental obligations" for further discussion). shutdown costs include care and maintenance costs and any litigation, remediation or related expenditures associated with closed facilities or operations. net charges (credits) for environmental obligations and shutdown costs totaled
$119 million in 2014 , compared with $66 million in 2013 and $(22) million in 2012 . refer to note 12 for further discussion of environmental obligations and litigation matters.
goodwill impairment we performed a goodwill assessment in fourth-quarter 2014, which resulted in an impairment charge of $1.7 billion for the full carrying value. refer to notes 1 and 2, and "critical accounting estimates - impairment of goodwill"
interest expense, net consolidated interest expense (excluding capitalized interest) totaled $866 million in 2014 , $692 million in 2013
and $267 million in 2012 . increased interest expense in 2014 and 2013 was primarily associated with acquisition-
capitalized interest is related to the level of expenditures for our development projects and average interest rates on our borrowings, and totaled $236 million in 2014 , compared with $174 million in 2013 and $81 million in
net gain (loss) on early extinguishment of debt during 2014 , we recorded net gains on early extinguishment of debt totaling $73 million primarily related to the senior note redemptions and tender offers. during 2013 , we recorded net losses on early extinguishment of debt totaling $35 million associated with the termination of the bridge loan facilities for the oil and gas acquisitions, partly offset by a gain on the redemption of mcmoran exploration co.'s (mmr) remaining outstanding
11.875% senior notes. during 2012 , we recorded losses on early extinguishment of debt totaling $168 million associated with the redemption of our remaining 8.375% senior notes. refer to note 8 for further discussion of these transactions.
gain on investment in mmr during 2013 , we recorded a gain totaling $128 million related to the carrying value of our preferred stock investment in and the subsequent acquisition of mmr. refer to note 2 for further discussion.
(loss)a        tax rate           benefit             incomea    rate              benefit
fcx a.  represents income (loss) by geographic location before income taxes and equity in affiliated companies' net earnings.
table of contents b.  includes an$84 millioncharge for deferred taxes recorded in connection with the allocation of goodwill to the sale of eagle ford properties.
c.  includes a net benefit of$41 million, comprised of$57 millionrelated to changes in u.s. state income tax filing positions, partly offset by a charge of$16 millionfor a change in u.s. federal income tax law.
f.  reflects net reductions in our deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax asset valuation allowances resulting from the oil and gas acquisitions.
incomea    effectivetax rate                         it
a.  represents income by geographic location before income taxes and equity in affiliated companies' net earnings.
cerro verde signed a new 15-year mining stability agreement with the peruvian government, which became b.  effective january 1, 2014. in connection with the new mining stability agreement, cerro verde's income tax rate increased from 30 percent to 32 percent, and we recognized additional deferred tax expense of$29
reflects the reversal of a net deferred tax liability totaling$234 million($123 millionof noncontrolling c.  interest) related to reinvested profits at cerro verde that were not distributed prior to expiration of its
1998 stability agreement on december 31, 2013.
operations north america copper mines we operate seven open-pit copper mines in north america - morenci, bagdad, safford, sierrita and miami in arizona, and chino and tyrone in new mexico. all of the north america mining operations are wholly owned, except for morenci. we record our 85 percent interest in the morenci unincorporated joint venture using the proportionate consolidation method.
the north america copper mines include open-pit mining, sulfide ore concentrating, leaching and solution extraction/electrowinning (sx/ew) operations. a majority of the copper produced at our north america copper mines is cast into copper rod by our rod & refining segment. the remainder of our north america copper sales is in the form of copper cathode or copper concentrate, a portion of which is shipped to atlantic copper (our wholly owned smelter). molybdenum concentrate and silver are also produced by certain of our north america copper mines .
table of contents operating and development activities. we have increased production from our north america copper mines by approximately 50 percent over the past five years and continue to evaluate a number of opportunities to add production capacity following positive exploration results. future investments will be undertaken based on the results of economic and technical feasibility studies and market conditions.
morenci mill expansion. at morenci, the mill expansion project commenced operations in may 2014 and is expected to achieve full rates in first-quarter 2015. the project targets average incremental annual production of approximately 225 million pounds of copper through an increase in milling rates from 50,000 metric tons of ore per day to approximately 115,000 metric tons of ore per day. morenci's mill rates averaged 100,900 metric tons per day in fourth-quarter 2014. morenci's copper production is expected to average over 900 million pounds per year over the next five years, compared with 691 million pounds in 2014.
construction of the expanded morenci milling facility is substantially complete. remaining items include completion of the molybdenum circuit, which adds capacity of approximately 9 million pounds of molybdenum per year, and the construction of an expanded tailings storage facility. both are expected to be completed in 2015. at december 31,
2014 ), with approximately $55 million remaining to be incurred.
2014 compared with 2013
copper sales volumes from our north america copper mines increased to 1.66 billion pounds in 2014 , compared with
2013 compared with 2012
copper sales volumes from our north america copper mines increased to 1.42 billion pounds in 2013 , compared with
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
gross profit per pound of copper and molybdenum the following tables summarize unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound at our north america copper mines for the years ended december 31. refer to "product revenues and production costs" for an explanation of the "by-
product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
adjustments site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown         1.85                   1.81         2.74          2.00                    1.94         3.79
credits treatment           0.12                   0.12            -          0.11                    0.11            -
charges unit net            1.73                   1.93         2.74          1.87                    2.05         3.79
net total unit          2.11                   2.30         2.91          2.29                    2.46         4.05
pricing on prior period open sales gross profit  $     1.02       $           0.83    $    8.61    $     1.07        $           0.90    $    6.74
b.  includes $76 million ($0.05 per pound) associated with updated mine plans at morenci that resulted in a loss in recoverable copper in leach stockpiles.
our north america copper mines have varying cost structures because of differences in ore grades and characteristics, processing costs, by-product credits and other factors. during 2014 , average unit net cash costs
(net of by-product credits) for the north america copper mines ranged from $1.24 per pound to $2.32 per pound at the individual mines and averaged $1.73 per pound. lower average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) in
2014 , compared with $1.87 per pound in 2013 , primarily reflected higher copper sales volumes.
because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, north america's average unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper production and sales.
assuming achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates and an average price of $9 per pound of molybdenum for 2015 , average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our north america copper mines are expected to approximate $1.67 per pound of copper in 2015 . north america's average unit net cash costs for 2015 would change by approximately $0.04 per pound for each $2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum during 2015
adjustments site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown         2.00                    1.94         3.79          1.91                   1.75         6.32
credits treatment           0.11                    0.11            -          0.12                   0.11            -
charges unit net            1.87                    2.05         3.79          1.67                   1.86         6.32
net total unit          2.29                    2.46         4.05          2.03                   2.20         6.89
pricing on prior period open sales gross profit  $     1.07        $           0.90    $    6.74    $     1.62       $           1.45    $    6.11
b.  includes $76 million ($0.05 per pound) associated with updated mine plans at morenci that resulted in a loss in recoverable copper in leach stockpiles.
unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our north america copper mines increased to $1.87 per pound of copper in 2013 , compared with $1.67 per pound in 2012 , primarily reflecting lower molybdenum credits and increased mining and milling activities, partly offset by higher copper sales volumes.
south america mining includes open-pit mining, sulfide ore concentrating, leaching and sx/ew operations. production from our south america mines is sold as copper concentrate or copper cathode under long-term contracts. our south america mines also ship a portion of their copper concentrate inventories to atlantic copper. in addition to copper, the cerro verde mine produces molybdenum concentrates and silver.
operating and development activities.
cerro verde expansion. construction activities associated with a large-scale expansion at cerro verde are advancing toward completion in late 2015. detailed engineering and major procurement activities are complete and construction progress is more than 50 percent complete. the project will expand the concentrator facilities from 120,000 metric tons of ore per day to 360,000 metric tons of ore per day and provide incremental annual production of approximately 600 million pounds of copper and 15 million pounds of molybdenum beginning in 2016. as of december
31, 2014 , $3.1 billion had been incurred for this project ($1.6 billion during 2014 ), with approximately $1.5
el abra sulfide. we continue to evaluate a potential large-scale milling operation at el abra to process additional sulfide material and to achieve higher recoveries. exploration results in recent years at el abra indicate a significant sulfide resource, which could potentially support a major mill project. future investments will be dependent on technical studies, economic factors and global copper market conditions.
2014 compared with 2013
consolidated copper sales volumes from south america totaled 1.14 billion pounds in 2014 , compared with 1.33
2013 compared with 2012
copper sales volumes from our south america mining operations totaled 1.33 billion pounds in 2013 , compared with
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
table of contents gross profit per pound of copper the following tables summarize unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound at our south america mining operations for the years ended december 31. unit net cash costs per pound of copper are reflected under the by-
product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below                1.62                1.50                1.53     b           1.42
by-product credits                        (0.22  )                -               (0.27  )                 -
unit net cash costs                        1.58                1.68                1.43                 1.59
total unit costs                           1.96                2.05                1.73                 1.86
gross profit per pound            $        1.07       $        0.98       $        1.54        $        1.41
our south america mines have varying cost structures because of differences in ore grades and characteristics, processing costs, by-products and other factors. during 2014 , unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for the south america mines ranged from $1.47 per pound to $1.96 per pound at the individual mines and averaged $1.58
per pound. average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our south america mining operations increased to $1.58 per pound of copper in 2014 , compared with $1.43 per pound in 2013 , primarily reflecting lower sales volumes and by-product credits.
because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, south america's unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper production and sales. the increase in unit depreciation in 2014, compared with 2013, primarily relates to asset additions at cerro verde.
2015 , we estimate that average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our south america mining operations would approximate $1.70 per pound of copper in 2015 .
site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below                  1.53     a           1.42                1.60     a           1.49
by-product credits                          (0.27  )                 -               (0.26  )                 -
unit net cash costs                          1.43                 1.59                1.50                 1.65
total unit costs                             1.73                 1.86                1.82                 1.93
gross profit per pound              $        1.54        $        1.41       $        1.85        $        1.74
unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our south america mining operations decreased to $1.43 per pound of copper in 2013 , compared with $1.50 per pound in 2012 , primarily reflecting higher volumes.
indonesia mining indonesia mining includes pt-fi's grasberg minerals district, one of the world's largest copper and gold deposits, in papua, indonesia. we own 90.64 percent of pt-fi, including 9.36 percent owned through our wholly owned subsidiary, pt indocopper investama (refer to notes 3 and 13 ).
pt-fi produces copper concentrates, which contain significant quantities of gold and silver. substantially all of pt-fi's copper concentrates are sold under long-term contracts, of which approximately one-half is sold to atlantic copper and pt smelting, and the remainder to other third-party customers.
pt-fi proportionately consolidates an unincorporated joint venture with rio tinto plc (rio tinto) established in
1996, under which rio tinto has a 40 percent interest in certain assets and a 40 percent interest through 2021 in production exceeding specified annual amounts of copper, gold and silver. after 2021, all production and related revenues and costs are shared 60 percent pt-fi and 40 percent rio tinto. as of december 31, 2014, the amounts allocated 100 percent to pt-fi remaining to be produced totaled 7.5 billion pounds of copper, 10.9 million ounces of gold and 20.8 million ounces of silver. based on the current mine plans, pt-fi anticipates that it will be allocated most of the production and related revenues and costs through 2021. under the joint venture arrangements, pt-fi's share of copper production and sales totaled 98 percent in 2014, 99 percent in 2013 and 100 percent in
2012, and of gold production and sales totaled nearly 100 percent for the last three years. refer to note 3 for further discussion of our joint venture with rio tinto. refer to "regulatory matters" below and note 13 for further discussion of pt-fi's contract of work (cow) with the indonesian government.
refer to "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december
31, 2014 , for discussion of risks associated with operations in indonesia.
regulatory matters. on july 25, 2014, pt-fi entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the indonesian government under which pt-fi and the government agreed to negotiate an amended cow to address provisions related to the size of pt-fi's concession area, royalties and taxes, domestic processing and refining, divestment, local content, and continuation of operations post-2021. execution of the mou enabled the resumption of concentrate exports in august 2014, which had been suspended since january 2014. the mou has been extended to july 25, 2015.
pt-fi is engaged in active discussions with the indonesian government regarding an amended cow.
provisions being addressed include the development of new copper smelting and refining capacity in indonesia, provisions for divestment to the indonesian government and/or indonesian nationals of up to a 30 percent interest
(an additional 20.64 percent interest) in pt-fi at fair value, and timely granting rights for the continuation of
table of contents operations from 2022 through 2041. negotiations are taking into consideration pt-fi's need for assurance of legal and fiscal terms post-2021 for pt-fi to continue with its large-scale investment program for the development of its underground reserves.
effective with the signing of the mou, pt-fi provided a $115 million assurance bond to support its commitment for smelter development, agreed to increase royalties to 4.0 percent for copper and 3.75 percent for gold from the previous rates of 3.5 percent for copper and 1.0 percent for gold, and to pay export duties as set forth in a new regulation. pt-fi's royalties totaled $115 million in 2014 , $109 million in 2013 and $93 million in 2012 . the indonesian government revised its january 2014 regulations regarding export duties, which are now set at 7.5
pt-fi is advancing plans for the construction of new smelter capacity in parallel with completing negotiations of its long-term operating rights and will also discuss the possibility of expanding industrial activities in papua in connection with its long-term development plans. pt-fi has identified a site adjacent to the existing pt smelting site in gresik, indonesia, for the construction of additional smelter capacity.
pt-fi is required to apply for renewal of export permits at six-month intervals. in january 2015, pt-fi obtained a renewal of its export license through july 25, 2015.
operating and development activities. we have several projects in progress in the grasberg minerals district related to the development of large-scale, long-lived, high-grade underground ore bodies. in aggregate, these underground ore bodies are expected to ramp up over several years to process approximately 240,000 metric tons of ore per day following the transition from the grasberg open pit, currently anticipated to occur in late 2017.
over the next five years, estimated aggregate capital spending on these projects is currently expected to average
$0.9 billion per year ( $0.7 billion per year net to pt-fi). considering the long-term nature and size of these projects, actual costs could vary from these estimates. additionally, pt-fi may reduce or defer these activities pending resolution of negotiations for an amended cow.
the following provides additional information on the continued development of the common infrastructure project, the grasberg block cave underground mine and development of the dmlz ore body that lies below the deep ore zone
common infrastructure and grasberg block cave mine. in 2004, pt-fi commenced its common infrastructure project to provide access to its large undeveloped underground ore bodies located in the grasberg minerals district through a tunnel system located approximately 400 meters deeper than its existing underground tunnel system. in addition to providing access to our underground ore bodies, the tunnel system will enable pt-fi to conduct future exploration in prospective areas associated with currently identified ore bodies. the tunnel system was completed to the big gossan terminal, and the big gossan mine was brought into production in 2010. development of the dmlz and grasberg block cave underground mines is advancing using the common infrastructure project tunnels as access.
the grasberg block cave underground mine accounts for more than 40 percent of our recoverable proven and probable reserves in indonesia. production at the grasberg block cave mine is expected to commence in early 2018, at the end of mining the grasberg open pit. targeted production rates once the grasberg block cave mining operation reaches full capacity are expected to approximate 160,000 metric tons of ore per day.
aggregate mine development capital for the grasberg block cave mine and associated common infrastructure is expected to approximate $5.7 billion (incurred between 2008 to 2021), with pt-fi's share totaling approximately
table of contents mine the ore body using a block-cave method with production beginning in late 2015. targeted production rates once the dmlz mining operation reaches full capacity are expected to approximate 80,000 metric tons of ore per day.
drilling efforts continue to determine the extent of this ore body. aggregate mine development capital costs for the dmlz mine are expected to approximate $2.7 billion (incurred between 2009 to 2020), with pt-fi's share totaling approximately $1.6 billion. aggregate project costs totaling $1.2 billion have been incurred through december 31,
100% operating data ore milled (metric tons per day):a grasberg open pit                         69,100       127,700       118,800
a.  amounts represent the approximate average daily throughput processed at pt-fi's mill facilities from each producing mine.
2014 compared with 2013
indonesia's sales volumes totaled 664 million pounds of copper and 1.2 million ounces of gold in 2014 , compared with 885 million pounds of copper and 1.1 million ounces of gold in 2013 , reflecting lower mill throughput resulting from the export restrictions and labor-related work stoppages, partly offset by higher gold ore grades.
during fourth-quarter 2014, reduced workforce attendance levels in certain operating areas (primarily in the grasberg open pit) unfavorably impacted productivity. following discussions with union leadership and other stakeholders, attendance levels improved significantly by year-end 2014 and in january 2015.
at the grasberg mine, the sequencing of mining areas with varying ore grades causes fluctuations in quarterly and annual production of copper and gold. consolidated sales volumes from our indonesia mining operations are expected to approximate 1.0 billion pounds of copper and 1.3 million ounces of gold for 2015. pt-fi has updated its mine plans to incorporate lower than planned mining rates associated with work stoppages in late 2014 and the impact of export restrictions in the first half of 2014, resulting in a deferral of completion of mining the open pit from mid-2017 to late 2017.
2013 compared with 2012
sales volumes from our indonesia mining operations increased to 885 million pounds of copper and 1.1 million ounces of gold in 2013 , compared with 716 million pounds of copper and 915 thousand ounces of gold in 2012 , primarily reflecting higher ore grades and increased mill rates.
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metal mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
gross profit per pound of copper/per ounce of gold the following tables summarize the unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper and per ounce of gold at our indonesia mining operations for the years ended december 31. refer to "production revenues and production costs" for an explanation of "by-product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
site producti...
credits treatment        0.26                 0.15             61             0.23               0.15             61
on metals unit net cash             1.06                 1.90            777             1.12               1.85            742
costs, net total unit             1.75                 2.30            939             1.53               2.13            850
profit
gross profit     $     1.23        $        0.66       $    317    $        1.73       $       1.14       $    455
b.  includes $0.05 per pound of copper associated with increased royalty rates.
a significant portion of pt-fi's costs are fixed and unit costs vary depending on sales volumes. indonesia's unit net cash costs (including gold and silver credits) averaged $1.06 per pound of copper in 2014 , compared with $1.12
per pound in 2013 , primarily reflecting lower copper sales volumes, the impact of export duties and increased royalty rates, which were more than offset by higher gold and silver credits as a result of lower copper sales volumes.
treatment charges vary with the volume of metals sold and the price of copper, and royalties vary with the volume of metals sold and the prices of copper and gold.
because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, pt-fi's unit depreciation rate varies with the level of copper production and sales.
pt smelting intercompany profit (loss) represents the change in the deferral of 25 percent of pt-fi's profit on sales to pt smelting. refer to "operations - smelting & refining" for further discussion.
2015 , we estimate that indonesia's unit net cash costs (net of gold and silver credits) are expected to approximate $1.19 per pound of copper for the year 2015 . indonesia's projected unit net cash costs would change by approximately $0.06 per pound for each $50 per ounce change in the average price of gold during 2015 . because of the fixed nature of a large portion of indonesia's costs, unit costs vary from quarter to quarter depending on copper and gold volumes.
site product...
credits treatme...          0.23               0.15             61              0.21               0.13             61
metals unit net cash              1.12               1.85            742              1.24               2.14            993
costs, net total unit              1.53               2.13            850              1.65               2.39          1,111
loss gross profit    $       1.73       $       1.14       $    455       $      1.90       $       1.18       $    541
unit net cash costs (net of gold and silver credits) for our indonesia mining operations averaged $1.12 per pound of copper in 2013 , compared with $1.24 per pound in 2012 , primarily reflecting higher volumes.
the tenke operation includes surface mining, leaching and sx/ew operations. copper production from the tenke minerals district is sold as copper cathode. in addition to copper, the tenke minerals district produces cobalt hydroxide.
operating and development activities. tfm completed its second phase expansion project in early 2013, which included increasing mine, mill and processing capacity. construction of a second sulphuric acid plant is under way, with completion expected in 2016. we continue to engage in exploration activities and metallurgical testing to evaluate the potential of the highly prospective minerals district at tenke. these analyses are being incorporated in future plans for potential expansions of production capacity. future expansions are subject to a number of factors, including power availability, economic and market conditions, and the business and investment climate in the drc.
2014 compared with 2013
copper sales volumes from tfm decreased to 425 million pounds in 2014 , compared with 454 million pounds in 2013 , primarily because of lower ore grades.
2013 compared with 2012
copper sales volumes from our africa mining operations increased to 454 million pounds of copper in 2013 , compared with 336 million pounds of copper in 2012 , primarily reflecting increased mining and milling rates resulting from the expansion project completed in early 2013 and higher ore grades.
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
table of contents gross profit per pound of copper and cobalt the following tables summarize the unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper and cobalt at our africa mining operations for the years ended december 31. refer to "production revenues and production costs" for an explanation of "by-product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs                1.56                 1.39         5.30             1.43                  1.35         4.35
creditsb royalty on           0.07                 0.06         0.16             0.07                  0.06         0.14
metals unit net             1.15                 1.45         5.46             1.21                  1.41         4.49
costs, net total unit           1.74                 1.95         6.70             1.81                  1.95         5.60
open sales gross profit per  $        1.32       $         1.11    $    3.03    $        1.40       $          1.26    $    2.51
lower unit net cash costs (net of cobalt credits) for our africa mining operations of $1.15 per pound of copper in
2014 , compared with $1.21 per pound of copper in 2013 , primarily reflecting higher cobalt credits, partly offset by higher site production and delivery costs associated with input and mine logistics support costs.
assuming achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates, and an average cobalt market price of $13 per pound for 2015 , average unit net cash costs (net of cobalt credits) are expected to approximate $1.31 per pound of copper in 2015 . africa's projected unit net cash costs for 2015 would change by $0.09 per pound for each $2 per pound change in the average price of cobalt during 2015 .
site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs                1.43                 1.35         4.35             1.49                  1.39         4.86
creditsb royalty on           0.07                 0.06         0.14             0.07                  0.06         0.12
metals unit net             1.21                 1.41         4.49             1.23                  1.45         4.98
costs, net total unit           1.81                 1.95         5.60             1.84                  2.00         5.76
open sales gross profit per  $        1.40       $         1.26    $    2.51    $        1.69       $          1.53    $    2.16
unit net cash costs (net of cobalt credits) for our africa mining operations of $1.21 per pound of copper in 2013
were lower than unit net cash costs of $1.23 per pound of copper in 2012 , primarily reflecting higher copper sales volumes, partly offset by lower cobalt credits.
molybdenum mines we have two wholly owned molybdenum mines in north america - the henderson underground mine and the climax open-pit mine, both in colorado. the henderson and climax mines produce high-purity, chemical-grade molybdenum concentrates, which are typically further processed into value-added molybdenum chemical products. the majority of molybdenum concentrates produced at the henderson and climax mines, as well as from north and south america copper mines, are processed at our own conversion facilities.
unit net cash costs per pound of molybdenum. unit net cash costs per pound of molybdenum is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
average unit net cash costs for our molybdenum mines totaled $7.08 per pound of molybdenum in 2014 , compared with
$7.15 per pound in 2013 and with henderson's unit net cash costs of $7.07 per pound in 2012 . assuming achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates, we estimate unit net cash costs for the molybdenum mines to average
$7.60 per pound of molybdenum in 2015 . refer to "product revenues and production costs" for a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
additionally, pt-fi owns 25 percent of pt smelting, a smelter and refinery in gresik, indonesia. treatment charges for smelting and refining copper concentrates consist of a base rate and, in certain contracts, price participation based on copper prices. treatment charges represent a cost to our mining operations and income to atlantic copper and pt smelting. thus, higher treatment charges benefit our smelter operations and adversely affect our mining operations. our north america copper mines are less significantly affected by changes in treatment charges because these operations are largely integrated with our miami smelter. through this form of downstream integration, we are assured placement of a significant portion of our concentrate production. during 2014, approximately half of our consolidated concentrate production was processed through the miami smelter, atlantic copper and pt smelting's facilities.
pt-fi's contract with pt smelting provides for pt-fi to supply 100 percent of the copper concentrate requirements
table of contents annually on a priority basis. pt-fi also sells copper concentrate to pt smelting at market rates for quantities in excess of 205,000 metric tons of copper annually. pt-fi supplied 81 percent in 2014, 83 percent in 2013 and 99
we defer recognizing profits on sales from our mining operations to atlantic copper and on 25 percent of indonesia mining's sales to pt smelting until final sales to third parties occur. changes in these deferrals attributable to variability in intercompany volumes resulted in net reductions to net loss attributable to common stockholders totaling $43 million ( $0.04 per share) in 2014 , compared with net reductions to net income attributable to common stockholders of $17 million ( $0.02 per share) in 2013 and $80 million ( $0.08 per share) in 2012 . our net deferred profits on inventories at atlantic copper and pt smelting to be recognized in future periods' net income attributable to common stockholders totaled $73 million at december 31, 2014. quarterly variations in ore grades, the timing of intercompany shipments and changes in product prices will result in variability in our net deferred profits and quarterly earnings. refer to note 6 for further discussion.
oil and gas operations our portfolio of oil and gas assets includes significant oil production facilities and growth potential in the deepwater gom, established oil production facilities onshore and offshore california, large onshore natural gas resources in the haynesville shale play in louisiana, natural gas production from the madden area in central wyoming, and an industry-leading position in the emerging inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous natural gas trend located in the shallow waters of the gom and onshore in south louisiana. approximately 90 percent of our oil and gas revenues are from oil and ngls.
exploration, operating and development activities. our oil and gas business has significant proved, probable and possible reserves, a broad range of development opportunities and high-potential exploration prospects. the business is managed to reinvest its cash flows in projects with attractive rates of returns and risk profiles.
following the recent sharp decline in oil prices, we have taken steps to significantly reduce capital spending plans and near-term oil and gas growth initiatives in order to preserve cash flows and resources for anticipated improved market conditions in the future. we are also evaluating third-party participation in our oil and gas projects to provide additional funding.
fm o&g has a large, strategic position in the deepwater gom with significant current oil production, strong cash margins and existing infrastructure and facilities with excess capacity. these assets, combined with fm o&g's large leasehold interests in an established geologic basin, provide financially attractive investment opportunities for high-impact growth in oil production and cash margins. fm o&g's capital allocation strategy is principally focused on drilling and development opportunities that can be tied back to existing facilities.
capital expenditures for our oil and gas operations totaled $3.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 , including $2.1 billion incurred for the deepwater gom and $0.7 billion for the inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous natural gas trend. capital expenditures for oil and gas operations for the year 2015 are currently estimated to total $2.3 billion . approximately 80 percent of the 2015 capital budget is expected to be directed to the highest return focus areas in the gom. we are committed to achieving our objective of funding oil and gas capital expenditures with oil and gas cash flows, third-party joint venture transactions or asset sales. fm o&g is engaged in discussions to obtain funding from industry partners and other oil and gas market participants for a substantial portion of its 2015 capital expenditures to achieve this objective. third-party funding could also enable fm o&g to complete additional development wells for production.
sale and purchase transactions. in june 2014, fm o&g completed the sale of its eagle ford shale assets for cash consideration of $3.1 billion and the acquisition of deepwater gom interests for $0.9 billion, including interests in the lucius and heidelberg oil fields and several exploration leases. in september 2014, fm o&g acquired additional deepwater gom interests for $0.5 billion, including an 18.67 percent interest in the vito oil discovery in the mississippi canyon area (blocks 940, 941, 984 and 985) and a significant lease position in the vito area.
refer to note 2 for further discussion of this disposition and these acquisitions.
international exploration (morocco). fm o&g has a farm-in arrangement to earn interests in exploration blocks located in the mazagan permit area offshore morocco. the exploration area covers 2.2 million gross acres in water depths of 4,500 to 9,900 feet. fm o&g expects to commence drilling the first prospect in the first half of 2015. fm o&g currently has no proved reserves or production in morocco.
gross (loss) profit per boe realized revenuesc                          $   71.83       $  76.87
gross (loss) profit                         $  (44.99  )    $  14.97
fm o&g has derivative contracts that provide price protection between $70 and $90 per barrel of brent crude oil for more than 80 percent of estimated 2015 oil production. at current brent crude oil prices approximating $50 per barrel, we would receive a benefit of $20 per barrel on 2015 volumes of 30.7 million barrels, before taking into account premiums of $6.89 per barrel. refer to note 14 for further discussion.
realized revenues for oil and gas operations of $71.83 per boe for the year 2014 were lower than realized revenues of $76.87 per boe for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013 , primarily reflecting lower oil prices and higher realized cash losses on derivative contracts (realized losses were $122 million or $2.15 per boe for the year 2014 , compared with $22 million or $0.58 per boe for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013 ).
deepwater gulf of mexico. multiple development and exploration opportunities have been identified in the deepwater gom that are expected to benefit from tieback opportunities to available production capacity at the fm o&g operated large-scale holstein, marlin and horn mountain deepwater production platforms. in addition, fm o&g has interests in the lucius and heidelberg oil fields and in the vito basin area.
in january 2015, first oil production commenced from the lucius oil field in keathley canyon and the operator is continuing to ramp up production. lucius is a subsea development consisting of six subsea wells tied back to a truss spar hull located in 7,200 feet of water. the spar has a design capacity of 80 mbbls of oil per day and 450
during fourth-quarter 2014, installation operations for flow lines, export lines and suction piles for heidelberg's mooring system commenced . fabrication of the main topsides module is more than 70 percent complete. the heidelberg truss spar was designed as a lucius-look-alike facility with capacity of 80 mbbls of oil per day. development drilling is in progress and the project remains on track for first production in 2016. heidelberg is a large, high-
quality oil development project located in 5,300 feet of water in the green canyon area. fm o&g has a 12.5 percent working interest in heidelberg.
in december 2014, fm o&g announced successful results from the 100-percent-owned holstein deep delineation well in the green canyon area. the well, which is approximately one mile south of the discovery well, was drilled to a total depth of 31,100 feet and wireline logs and core data confirmed 234 net feet of miocene oil pay with excellent reservoir characteristics and good correlation to the discovery well and previous confirmation sidetrack penetration.
production from the planned three-well development program is expected to reach approximately 15 mboe per day. the timing of tying in this production will be subject to partner arrangements and general market conditions.
recent data supports the potential for additional development opportunities at holstein deep to achieve production of up to 75 mboe per day by 2020. the holstein deep development is located in green canyon block 643, west of
table of contents the holstein platform in 3,890 feet of water. fm o&g has identified multiple additional development opportunities in the green canyon area that could be tied back to the holstein facility.
marlin, in which fm o&g has a 100 percent working interest, is located in viosca knoll and has production facilities capable of producing in excess of 90 mboe per day. several tieback opportunities in the area have been identified including the dorado and king development projects.
in december 2014, fm o&g announced positive drilling results from the 100-percent-owned dorado development project
. this well is the first of three planned subsea tieback wells to the marlin facility targeting undrained fault blocks and updip resource potential south of the marlin facility. the well is expected to commence production in second-quarter 2015. drilling operations for the second and third wells are expected to begin in the second half of
fm o&g commenced drilling at the 100-percent-owned king prospect in late 2014 and the well was drilled to a true vertical depth of 12,250 feet in january 2015. log results indicated 71 net feet of gas pay and fm o&g is preparing a downdip sidetrack to pursue an optimum oil take point below the gas-oil contact in the reservoir. king is located in mississippi canyon south of the marlin facility in 5,200 feet of water.
horn mountain, in which fm o&g has a 100 percent working interest, is located in mississippi canyon and has production facilities capable of producing in excess of 80 mboe per day. several tieback opportunities in the area have been identified including kilo/oscar/quebec/victory (koqv), which are expected to commence in mid-2015 . this infill drilling program will target undrained fault blocks and updip resource potential just east of the horn mountain facility. koqv is located in approximately 5,500 feet of water.
in december 2014, the power nap exploration well in the vito area encountered positive drilling results. the well was drilled to a total depth of 30,970 feet and wireline logs and core data indicated that the well encountered hydrocarbons in multiple subsalt miocene sand packages. the operator is preparing to drill a sidetrack well to delineate the reservoir and test the downdip limit of the oil accumulation. power nap, in which fm o&g has a 50
fm o&g has an 18.67 percent interest in the vito oil discovery in the mississippi canyon area and a significant lease position in the vito basin in the mississippi canyon and atwater valley areas. vito, a large, deep subsalt miocene oil discovery made in 2009, is located in approximately 4,000 feet of water and is operated by shell offshore inc. exploration and appraisal drilling in recent years confirmed a significant resource in high-quality, subsalt miocene sands. development options are under evaluation.
inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous. fm o&g has an industry-leading position in the emerging inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous natural gas trend, located on the shelf of the gom and onshore in south louisiana. fm o&g believes that data from eight wells drilled to date indicate the presence of geologic formations that are analogous to productive formations in the deepwater gom and onshore in the gulf coast region.
in february 2015, we announced the results of additional production testing on fm o&g's highlander discovery, located onshore in south louisiana in the inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous trend. the production test, which was performed in the cretaceous/tuscaloosa section, utilized expanded testing equipment and indicated a flow rate of approximately 75 million mmcf/d, approximately 37 mmcf/d net to fm o&g, on a 42/64th choke with flowing tubing pressure of 10,300 pounds per square inch. highlander began production on february 25, 2015, using fm o&g facilities in the immediate area. fm o&g plans to install additional amine processing facilities to accommodate the higher rates. a second well location has been identified and future plans will be determined pending review of well performance from the first well. fm o&g is the operator and has a 72 percent working interest and an approximate 49
percent net revenue interest in highlander. fm o&g has identified multiple prospects in the highlander area where it controls rights to more than 50,000 gross acres.
the farthest gate west onshore exploration prospect commenced drilling in october 2014 and is currently drilling below 18,500 feet towards a proposed total depth of 24,000 feet. farthest gate west is located onshore in cameron parish, louisiana, and is a lineham creek analog prospect with paleogene objectives.
in response to current oil and gas market conditions, future activities at other inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous prospects have been deferred.
table of contents california. fm o&g's california assets benefit from an established oil production base with a stable production profile and access to favorably priced crude markets. development plans are principally focused on maintaining stable production levels through continued drilling in the long-established producing fields onshore in california.
fm o&g's position in california is located onshore in the san joaquin valley and los angeles basin and offshore in the point arguello and point pedernales fields.
haynesville. fm o&g has rights to a substantial natural gas resource located in the haynesville shale play in north louisiana. drilling activities in recent years have been reduced to maximize cash flows in a low natural gas price environment.
capital resources and liquidity our consolidated operating cash flows vary with prices realized from copper, gold, molybdenum and oil, our sales volumes, production costs, income taxes, other working capital changes and other factors. we remain committed to a strong balance sheet and will take prudent actions in response to market conditions. we have taken steps to sell assets, defer capital spending and will continue to evaluate opportunities to strengthen our financial position.
share less: withholding taxes and other           (16  )         (75  )
cash held at our international operations is generally used to support our foreign operations' capital expenditures, operating expenses, working capital and other tax payments or other cash needs. management believes that sufficient liquidity is available in the u.s. from cash balances and availability from our revolving credit facility and uncommitted lines of credit (refer to note 8 ). with the exception of tfm, we have not elected to permanently reinvest earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, and we have recorded deferred tax liabilities for foreign earnings that are available to be repatriated to the u.s. from time to time, our foreign subsidiaries distribute earnings to the u.s. through dividends that are subject to applicable withholding taxes and noncontrolling interests' share.
on may 30, 2014, we amended our revolving credit facility, extending the maturity date by one year, to may 31, 2019
, and increased the aggregate principal amount available from $3.0 billion to $4.0 billion . at december 31, 2014 , we had no borrowings and $45 million of letters of credit issued under our revolving credit facility.
table of contents we have uncommitted and short-term lines of credit with certain financial institutions that are unsecured, which have terms and pricing that are generally more favorable than our revolving credit facility. as of december 31,
2014, there were $474 million of borrowings drawn on these lines of credit.
in march 2014, cerro verde entered into a five-year, $1.8 billion senior unsecured credit facility. amounts may be drawn or letters of credit issued over a two-year period to fund a portion of the expansion project (see
"operations - south america mining") and for cerro verde's general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2014 , there were $425 million of borrowings and no letters of credit issued under cerro verde's credit facility.
refer to note 8 and "financing activities" below for further discussion of our debt and note 18 and item 9b for discussion of february 2015 modifications to our revolving credit facility and unsecured bank term loan (term loan).
operating activities we generated consolidated operating cash flows totaling $5.6 billion in 2014 (net of $0.6 billion for working capital uses and changes in other tax payments) , $6.1 billion in 2013 (net of $0.4 billion for working capital uses and changes in other tax payments) and $3.8 billion in 2012 (net of $1.4 billion for working capital uses and changes in other tax payments).
lower consolidated operating cash flows for 2014 , compared with 2013 , reflect the impact of lower copper and gold price realizations and lower copper sales volumes, partly offset by a full year of our oil and gas operations.
higher consolidated operating cash flows for 2013 , compared with 2012 , resulted from our oil and gas operations, higher copper and gold sales volumes and a decrease in working capital uses and changes in other tax payments, primarily associated with changes in accrued income taxes, inventories and accounts receivable. partly offsetting these increases was the impact of lower metals price realizations.
based on current operating plans and subject to future copper, gold, molybdenum and crude oil prices, we expect estimated consolidated operating cash flows for the year 2015 , plus available cash and availability under our credit facilities, to be sufficient to fund our budgeted capital expenditures, dividends, noncontrolling interest distributions and other cash requirements for the year. refer to "outlook" for further discussion of projected operating cash flows for the year 2015 .
investing activities capital expenditures. capital expenditures, including capitalized interest, totaled $7.2 billion in 2014 (including
increased capital expenditures at mining operations in 2014 , compared with 2013, were primarily associated with the expansion project at cerro verde. increased capital expenditures at mining operations in 2013, compared with
2012, were primarily associated with the expansion projects at morenci and cerro verde and our underground development activities at grasberg, partly offset by decreased spending for the expansion at tenke, which was completed in early 2013, and at the climax mine, which began commercial operations in may 2012.
capital expenditures are expected to approximate $6.0 billion for the year 2015 , including $2.5 billion for major projects at our mining operations (primarily for the cerro verde expansion and underground development at grasberg)
and $2.3 billion for our oil and gas operations. we are engaged in discussions to obtain funding from oil and gas market participants for a substantial portion of our planned capital expenditures for our oil and gas operations.
we are taking aggressive actions to reduce or defer capital expenditures and other costs and have initiated efforts to obtain third-party funding for a significant portion of our oil and gas capital expenditures to maintain financial strength and flexibility in response to recent sharp declines in oil prices. in addition, we are monitoring copper markets and will be responsive to the market conditions. as a first step, we have reduced budgeted 2015 capital expenditures, exploration and other costs by a total of $2 billion. we have a broad set of natural resource assets that provide many alternatives for future actions to enhance our financial flexibility.
additional capital cost reductions, potential additional divestitures or monetizations, potential reduction or suspension in common dividend
table of contents payments and other actions will be pursued as required to maintain a strong balance sheet while preserving a strong resource position and portfolio of assets with attractive long-term growth prospects. refer to "operations" for further discussion.
dispositions and acquisitions. in november 2014, we completed the sale of our 80 percent ownership interests in the candelaria/ojos to lundin mining corporation (lundin) for $1.8 billion in cash and contingent consideration of up to $200 million . excluding contingent consideration, after-tax net proceeds from the transaction approximated $1.5
in june 2014, we completed the sale of the eagle ford shale assets for cash consideration of $3.1 billion. a portion of the proceeds was reinvested in additional oil and gas interests and the remaining net proceeds were used to repay debt. in june 2014 and september 2014, we completed acquisitions of deepwater gom interests totaling $1.4
in june 2013, we paid $3.5 billion in cash (net of cash acquired) for the acquisition of pxp and $1.6 billion in cash (net of cash acquired) for the acquisition of mmr.
in march 2013, we paid $348 million (net of cash acquired) for the acquisition of a cobalt chemical refinery in kokkola, finland, and the related sales and marketing business. the acquisition was funded 70 percent by us and 30
refer to note 2 for further discussion of these dispositions and acquisitions.
financing activities debt transactions. in november 2014, we completed the sale of $3.0 billion of senior notes, which were comprised of four tranches with a weighted-average interest rate of 4.1 percent. the proceeds from these senior notes were used to fund our december 2014 tender offers for $1.14 billion aggregate principal of senior notes (with a weighted-
average interest rate of 6.5 percent), essentially all of our 2015 scheduled maturities (including scheduled term loan amortization and $500 million of 1.40% senior notes due 2015), $300 million in 7.625% senior notes, and to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility. other senior note redemptions during 2014 included $400
million of our 8.625% senior notes, $1.7 billion of the aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes (with a weighted-average interest rate of 6.6 percent) and $210 million of the aggregate principal amount of our 6.625%
during 2013, we sold $6.5 billion of senior notes in four tranches with a weighted-average interest rate of 3.9
percent, and borrowed $4.0 billion under an unsecured bank term loan with an interest rate of london interbank offered rate (libor) plus 1.75 percent. net proceeds from these borrowings were used to fund the acquisitions of pxp and mmr, repay certain debt of pxp and for general corporate purposes. also in 2013, we redeemed the $299
2018, which were assumed in the acquisitions.
during 2012, we sold $3.0 billion of senior notes in three tranches with a weighted-average interest rate of 3.0
dividends and other equity transactions. we paid dividends on our common stock totaling $1.3 billion in 2014 , $2.3
billion in 2012 . the current annual dividend rate for our common stock is $1.25 per share ( $0.3125 per share quarterly). based on outstanding common shares of 1.0 billion at december 31, 2014, and the current dividend rate, our estimated regular common stock dividend for 2015 approximates $1.3 billion. as a result of the recent sharp decline in copper and oil prices, our board is reviewing the effect of market conditions on our financial position.
we have reduced capital spending and other costs and are seeking third-party funding for a significant portion of our oil and gas expenditures. in addition, the board is reviewing our financial policy and may take further steps to enhance the company's liquidity and financial position, including a potential reduction or suspension in common dividend payments. for information about a special dividend expected to paid in 2015 associated with the proposed settlement of the stockholder derivative litigation, refer to note 12. the declaration of dividends is at the discretion
cash dividends and other distributions paid to noncontrolling interests totaled $424 million in 2014 , $256 million in 2013 and $113 million in 2012 . higher noncontrolling interest payments in 2014, compared with 2013, primarily reflected higher dividends to the noncontrolling interest holders of el abra and tenke. higher noncontrolling interest payments in 2013, compared with 2012, primarily reflected higher dividends to the noncontrolling interest holders of el abra and candelaria. these payments will vary based on the operating results and cash requirements of our consolidated subsidiaries.
contractual obligations we have contractual and other long-term obligations, including debt maturities based on the principal amounts, which we expect to fund with available cash, projected operating cash flows, availability under our revolving credit facility or future financing transactions, if necessary. a summary of these various obligations at december
debt maturities                          $  18,752    $    478    $    2,102    $    4,363    $      11,809
represents estimated cash payments, on an undiscounted and unescalated basis, associated with aro and environmental activities (including $1.9 billion for our oil and gas operations). the timing and the amount b.  of these payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of aro activities, the settlement of environmental matters and as actual spending occurs. refer to note12for additional discussion of environmental and aro matters.
represents contractual obligations for purchases of goods or service agreements enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including minimum commitments for deepwater drillships to be utilized in the gom drilling campaign ($1.8 billion), transportation services ($732 million), the procurement of copper concentrates ($572 million), electricity ($316 million) and deferred premium costs and future interest on the crude oil derivative contracts ($231 million). some of our take-or-pay contracts c.  are settled based on the prevailing market rate for the service or commodity purchased, and in some cases, the amount of the actual obligation may change over time because of market conditions. drillship obligations provide for an operating rate over the contractual term upon delivery of the drillship.
transportation obligations are primarily for south america contracted ocean freight and fm o&g contracted gathering. obligations for copper concentrates provide for deliveries of specified volumes to atlantic copper at market-based prices. electricity obligations are primarily for contractual minimum demand at the south america and tenke mines.
this table excludes certain other obligations in our consolidated balance sheets, such as estimated funding for pension obligations as the funding may vary from year to year based on changes in the fair value of plan assets and actuarial assumptions, commitments and contingencies totaling $191 million and unrecognized d.  tax benefits totaling$68 millionwhere the timing of settlement is not determinable, and other less significant amounts.this table also excludes purchase orders for the purchase of inventory and other goods and services, as purchase orders typically represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements.
refer to note 18 and item 9b for discussion of february 2015 modifications to our revolving credit facility and term loan.
in addition to our debt maturities and other contractual obligations discussed above, we have other commitments, which we expect to fund with available cash, projected operating cash flows, available credit facilities or future financing transactions, if necessary. these include (i) pt-fi's commitment to provide one percent of its annual revenue for the development of the local people in its area of operations through the freeport partnership fund for
table of contents community development, (ii) tfm's commitment to provide 0.3 percent of its annual revenue for the development of the local people in its area of operations and (iii) other commercial commitments, including standby letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees. refer to notes 12 and 13 for further discussion.
contingencies environmental the cost of complying with environmental laws is a fundamental and substantial cost of our business. at december
31, 2014 , we had $1.2 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet for environmental obligations attributed to cercla or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental obligations that are considered probable based on specific facts and circumstances.
during 2014 , we incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs (including our joint venture partners' shares) of $405 million for programs to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations, compared with $595 million in 2013 and $612 million in 2012 . lower spending in 2014
primarily reflects the completion of a water treatment facility in 2013 and extended project timelines. for 2015 , we expect to incur approximately $500 million of aggregate environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs, which are part of our overall 2015 operating budget, and are higher than 2014 because of timing of expenditures. the timing and amount of estimated payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of reclamation activities, the settlement of environmental matters and as actual spending occurs.
asset retirement obligations we recognize aros as liabilities when incurred, with the initial measurement at fair value. these obligations, which are initially estimated based on discounted cash flow estimates, are accreted to full value over time through charges to income. mine reclamation costs for disturbances are recorded as an aro and as a related asset retirement cost (arc) (included in property, plant, equipment and development costs) in the period of disturbance. oil and gas plugging and abandonment costs are recognized as an aro and as a related arc (included in oil and gas properties)
in the period in which the well is drilled or acquired. our cost estimates are reflected on a third-party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire tangible, long-lived assets. at december 31, 2014 , we had
litigation and other contingencies refer to notes 2 and 12 and "legal proceedings" contained in part i, item 3 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2014 , for further discussion of contingencies associated with legal proceedings and other matters.