item 1a. risk factors an investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to risks and uncertainties. investors should consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, before deciding whether to purchase our securities.
our revenues are concentrated with the u.s. government. this customer relationship involves some specific risks. in addition, our sales to non-u.s. customers expose us to different financial and legal risks. despite the varying nature of our u.s. and non-u.s. defense and business-aviation operations and the markets they serve, each group shares some common risks, such as the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability and quality of commodities and subsystems.
the u.s. government provides a significant portion of our revenues. approximately 60 percent of our revenues are from the u.s. government. u.s. defense spending is driven by threats to national security. while the country has been under an elevated threat level for more than a decade, competing demands for federal funds are pressuring various areas of spending. defense investment accounts (budgets for procurement and research and development) remain under pressure. decreases in u.s. government defense spending, including investment accounts, or changes in spending allocation could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed or terminated, which could impact our financial performance.
for additional information relating to the u.s. defense budget, see the business environment section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7.
u.s. government contracts are not always fully funded at inception, and any funding is subject to disruption or delay. our u.s. government revenues are funded by agency budgets that operate on an october-to-september fiscal year. early each calendar year, the president of the united states presents to the congress the budget for the upcoming fiscal year. this budget proposes funding levels for every federal agency and is the result of months of policy and program reviews throughout the executive branch. for the remainder of the year, the appropriations and authorization committees of the congress review the president's budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year. once these levels are enacted into law, the executive office of the president administers the funds to the agencies.
there are two primary risks associated with the u.s. government budget cycle. first, the annual process may be delayed or disrupted, which has occurred in recent years. for example, changes in congressional schedules due to elections or other legislative priorities, or negotiations for program funding levels can interrupt the process. if the annual budget is not approved by the beginning of the government fiscal year, portions of the u.s. government can shut down or operate under a continuing resolution that maintains spending at prior-year levels, which can impact funding for our programs and timing of new awards. second, the congress typically appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis, even though contract performance may extend over many years. future revenues under existing multi-year contracts are conditioned on the continuing availability of congressional appropriations. changes in appropriations in subsequent years may impact the funding available for these programs. delays or changes in funding can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content.
our u.s. government contracts are subject to termination rights by the customer. u.s. government contracts generally permit the government to terminate a contract, in whole or in part, for convenience. if a contract is terminated for convenience, a contractor usually is entitled to receive payments for its allowable costs and the proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. the government may also terminate a contract for default in the event of a breach by the contractor. if a contract is terminated for default, the government in most cases pays only for the work it has accepted. the termination of multiple or large programs could have a material adverse effect on our future revenues and earnings.
government contractors are subject to audit by the u.s. government. numerous u.s. government agencies routinely audit and review government contractors. these agencies review a contractor's performance under its contracts and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. the u.s. government also reviews the adequacy of, and a contractor's compliance with, its internal control systems and policies, including the contractor's purchasing, property, estimating, material, earned value management and accounting systems. in some cases, audits may result in delayed payments or contractor costs not being reimbursed or subject to repayment. if an audit or investigation were to result in allegations against a contractor of improper or illegal activities, civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions could result, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines, and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the u.s. government. in addition, reputational harm could result if allegations of impropriety were made. in some cases, audits may result in disputes with the respective government agency that can result in negotiated settlements, arbitration or litigation.
our aerospace group is subject to changing customer demand for business aircraft. the business-jet market is driven by the demand for business-aviation products and services by business, individual and government customers in the united states and around the world. the aerospace group's results also depend on other factors, including general economic conditions, the availability of credit and trends in capital goods markets. in addition, if customers default on existing contracts and the contracts are not replaced, the group's anticipated revenues and profitability could be reduced materially as a result.
earnings and margins depend on our ability to perform on our contracts. when agreeing to contractual terms, our management team makes assumptions and projections about future conditions and events. the accounting for our contracts and programs requires assumptions and estimates about these conditions and events. these projections and estimates assess:
•   the productivity and availability of labor,
•   the complexity of the work to be performed,
•   the cost and availability of materials and components, and
if there is a significant change in one or more of these circumstances, estimates or assumptions, or if the risks under our contracts are not managed adequately, the profitability of contracts could be adversely affected. this could affect earnings and margins materially.
earnings and margins depend in part on subcontractor and vendor performance. we rely on other companies to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. subcontractors also perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. we depend on these subcontractors and vendors to meet our contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements and applicable law. misconduct by subcontractors, such as a failure to comply with procurement regulations or engaging in unauthorized activities, may harm our future revenues and earnings. we manage our supplier base carefully to avoid customer issues. however, we sometimes rely on only one or two sources of supply that, if disrupted, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our customer commitments. our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon supplies, perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner or engages in misconduct or other improper activities.
sales and operations outside the u.s. are subject to different risks that may be associated with doing business in foreign countries. in some countries there is increased chance for economic, legal or political changes, and procurement procedures may be less robust or mature, which may complicate the contracting process. our non-u.s. business may be sensitive to changes in a foreign government's budgets, leadership and national priorities. non-u.s. transactions can involve increased financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange-rate variability and differing legal systems. our non-u.s. business is subject to u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to import-export controls, technology transfers, the foreign corrupt practices act and certain other anti-corruption laws, and the international traffic in arms regulations (itar). an unfavorable event or trend in any one or more of these factors or a failure to comply with u.s. or foreign laws could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges and could materially adversely affect revenues and earnings associated with our non-u.s. business.
in addition, some non-u.s. government customers require contractors to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and other similar financial arrangements. we may also be required to agree to specific in-country purchases, manufacturing agreements or financial support arrangements, known as offsets, that require us to satisfy certain requirements or face penalties. offset requirements may extend over several years and could require us to establish joint ventures with local companies. if we do not satisfy these financial or offset requirements, our future revenues and earnings may be materially adversely affected.
our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system integration processes. our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly. accordingly, our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. due to the highly specialized nature of our business, we must hire and retain the skilled and qualified personnel necessary to perform the services required by our customers. if we were unable to develop new products that meet
we have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties. when evaluating potential mergers and acquisitions, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends on multiple factors, including our integration of the businesses involved, the performance of the underlying products, capabilities or technologies, market conditions following the acquisition and acquired liabilities, including some that may not have been identified prior to the acquisition. these factors could materially adversely affect our financial results.
changes in business conditions may cause goodwill and other intangible assets to become impaired. goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. goodwill is not amortized and remains on our balance sheet indefinitely unless there is an impairment. goodwill is subject to an impairment test on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate that an impairment is more likely than not. such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our business groups or a decision to dispose of a business group or a significant portion of a business group. we face some uncertainty in our business environment due to a variety of challenges, including changes in defense spending. we may experience unforeseen circumstances that adversely affect the value of our goodwill or intangible assets and trigger an evaluation of the amount of the recorded goodwill and intangible assets. future write-offs of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of an impairment test or any accelerated amortization of other intangible assets could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our business could be negatively impacted by cyber security events and other disruptions. we face various cyber security threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, denial of service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and threats from terrorist acts. we also design and manage information technology systems for various customers. we generally face the same security threats for these systems as for our own. in addition, we face cyber threats from entities that may seek to target us through our customers, vendors and subcontractors. accordingly, we maintain information security policies and procedures for managing all systems. we have experienced cyber security threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our sensitive information, including viruses and attacks by hackers. such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. however, future threats could cause harm to our business and our reputation and challenge our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for u.s. government customers, as well as impact our results of operations materially. our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cyber security attacks or disruptions resulting from such events.
forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "plans," "believes," "scheduled," "outlook," "estimates," "should" and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. examples include projections of revenues, earnings, operating margins, segment performance, cash flows, contract awards, aircraft production, deliveries and backlog. in making these statements we rely on assumptions and analyses based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances. we believe our estimates and judgments are reasonable based on information available to us at the time. forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, as amended. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. therefore, actual future results and trends may differ materially from what is forecast in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the risk factors discussed in this section.
all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to general dynamics or any person acting on our behalf are qualified by the cautionary statements in this section. we do not undertake any obligation to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report. these factors may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports on sec forms 10-q and 8-k.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for an overview of our business groups, including a discussion of products and services provided, see the business discussion contained in item 1. the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. the consolidated financial statements have been restated to reflect the results of operations of our axle business in discontinued operations (for further discussion, see note a to the consolidated financial statements).
business environment approximately 60 percent of our revenues are from the u.s. government. accordingly, our financial performance is impacted by u.s. government spending levels, particularly defense spending. over the past several years, u.s. defense spending has been reduced, due in part to the country's fiscal shortfalls. following required reductions mandated by the budget control act of 2011 (bca) and its related sequester mechanism, the bipartisan budget act of 2013 (bba) prescribed defense top-line funding for fy 2014 and 2015 at levels generally consistent with fy 2013. the bba also included sequester reductions of approximately $30 billion in fy 2014 and $43 billion in fy 2015, less than the amounts imposed by the bca.
in adherence to the bba, congress appropriated $497 billion in fy 2015 for the department of defense (dod), including approximately $158 billion for procurement and research and development (r&d) budgets, also known as investment accounts, relatively consistent with fy 2014. these investment accounts are the source of the majority of our u.s. government revenues.
the long-term outlook for our u.s. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the u.s. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution.
we continue to pursue opportunities outside the u.s. presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-u.s. operations and through exports from our north american businesses. while the revenue potential can be significant, these opportunities are subject to changing budget priorities and overall spending pressures unique to each country.
in our aerospace group, business-jet market conditions were strong in 2014. the group benefited from strong order interest for new aircraft across the group's range of customers and lower customer contract defaults. we expect our continued investment in the development of new aircraft products and technologies to support the aerospace group's long-term growth. similarly, we believe the aircraft services business will continue to be a strong source of revenues as the global business-jet fleet grows.
in navigating the current business environment, we continue to focus on improving operating earnings, expanding margins and the efficient conversion of earnings into cash through our emphasis on effective program execution and cost-reduction activities across the business.
results of operations introduction an understanding of our accounting practices is important to evaluate our operating results. we recognize the majority of our revenues using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. the following paragraphs explain how this method is applied in recognizing revenues and operating costs in our aerospace and defense groups.
in the aerospace group, contracts for new aircraft have two major phases: the manufacture of the "green" aircraft and the aircraft's outfitting, which includes exterior painting and installation of customer-selected interiors. we record revenues on these contracts at the completion of these two phases: when green aircraft are delivered to and accepted by the customer, and when the customer accepts final delivery of the outfitted aircraft. we do not recognize revenue at green delivery unless (1) a contract has been executed with the customer and (2) the customer can be expected to satisfy its obligations under the contract, as evidenced by the receipt of significant deposits from the customer and other factors. revenues associated with the group's completions of other original equipment manufacturers' (oems) aircraft and the group's services businesses are recognized as work progresses or upon delivery of services. fluctuations in revenues from period to period result from the number and mix of new aircraft deliveries (green and outfitted), progress on aircraft completions and the level of aircraft service activity during the period.
the majority of the aerospace group's operating costs relates to new aircraft production for firm orders and consists of labor, material, subcontractor and overhead costs. the costs are accumulated in production lots and recognized as operating costs at green aircraft delivery based on the estimated average unit cost in a production lot. while changes in the estimated average unit cost for a production lot impact the level of operating costs, the amount of operating costs reported in a given period is based largely on the number and type of aircraft delivered. operating costs in the aerospace group's completions and services businesses are generally recognized as incurred.
for new aircraft, operating earnings and margins are a function of the prices of our aircraft, our operational efficiency in manufacturing and outfitting the aircraft, and the mix of aircraft deliveries between the higher-margin large-cabin and lower-margin mid-cabin aircraft. additional factors affecting the group's earnings and margins include the volume, mix and profitability of completions and services work performed, the market for pre-owned aircraft, and the level of general and administrative (g&a) and net r&d costs incurred by the group.
in the defense groups, revenue on long-term government contracts is recognized as work progresses, either as products are produced or services are rendered. as a result, variations in revenues are discussed generally in terms of volume, typically measured by the level of activity on individual contracts or programs. year-over-year variances attributed to volume are due to changes in production or service levels and delivery schedules.
operating costs for the defense groups consist of labor, material, subcontractor, overhead and g&a costs and are recognized generally as incurred. variances in costs recognized from period to period primarily reflect increases and decreases in production or activity levels on individual contracts and, therefore, result largely from the same factors that drive variances in revenues.
operating earnings and margins in the defense groups are driven by changes in volume, performance or contract mix. performance refers to changes in profitability based on revisions to estimates at completion on individual contracts. these revisions result from increases or decreases to the estimated value of the contract, the estimated costs to complete or both. therefore, changes in costs incurred in the period compared
with prior periods do not necessarily impact profitability. it is only when total estimated costs at completion on a given contract change without a corresponding change in the contract value that the profitability of that contract may be impacted. contract mix refers to changes in the volume of higher- vs. lower-margin work. additionally, higher or lower margins can be inherent in the contract type (e.g., fixed-price/cost-reimbursable) or type of work (e.g., development/production).
our revenues were virtually flat in 2014 compared with 2013. decreased u.s. army spending continued to affect somewhat our information systems and technology and combat systems groups. this was essentially offset by higher aerospace and marine systems revenues due to increased aircraft deliveries and higher ship construction activity, respectively. operating costs and expenses decreased more than revenues in 2014, resulting in increased operating earnings and margins. the decrease in operating costs and expenses in 2014 was due to improved performance in aircraft manufacturing and outfitting activities in the aerospace group and significant cost reductions in the information systems and technology group. the resulting consolidated operating margins of 12.6 percent were up 70 basis points over 2013, reflecting strong operating performance across all of our groups.
while our revenues were essentially flat in 2013 compared with 2012, operating earnings and margins increased significantly in 2013. we experienced lower volume in our combat systems business as a result of decreased u.s. army spending. this was largely offset by higher revenues in our aerospace group from increased deliveries of g650 and g280 aircraft. revenues increased slightly in our marine systems and information systems and technology groups in 2013. operating costs were significantly lower in 2013 due to several discrete charges taken in 2012, including a $2 billion goodwill impairment recorded in the information systems and technology group. these charges are discussed in conjunction with our business groups' operating results. even absent the charges taken in 2012, operating costs were down in 2013, the effect of cost-reduction efforts and cost savings associated with restructuring activities.
following is a discussion of the operating results and outlook for each of our business groups. for the aerospace group, results are analyzed by specific lines of products and services, consistent with how the group is managed. for the defense groups, the discussion is based on the types of products and services each group offers with a supplemental discussion of specific contracts and programs when significant to the group's results. additional information regarding our business groups can be found in note q to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
gulfstream aircraft deliveries (in units):
outfitted                                              150                 144             6           4.2   %
aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions      $605
aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions revenues increased in 2014 primarily due to additional deliveries of large-cabin aircraft. aircraft services activity was higher in 2014 due to growth in the number of aircraft in service and the resulting increased demand for maintenance work. we experienced reduced aircraft trade-in activity in 2014 leading to lower pre-owned aircraft sales. we had three pre-owned aircraft sales in 2014 compared to 11 in 2013.
aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions      $279
aircraft manufacturing, outfitting and completions earnings grew in 2014 due to the increase in aircraft deliveries, as well as improved operating performance on our large- and mid-cabin aircraft production. partially offsetting this increase was higher net r&d expenses associated with ongoing product-development efforts. as a result, the aerospace group's operating margins increased 120 basis points in 2014.
gulfstream aircraft deliveries (in units):
outfitted                                              144                  94              50          53.2   %
the aerospace group's revenues and earnings increased in 2013 primarily due to additional deliveries of g650 and g280 aircraft. operating earnings also increased in 2013 due to a $191 impairment of jet aviation's maintenance business intangible asset in 2012 as the business experienced an increasingly competitive marketplace.
2015 outlook we expect an increase of approximately 8 percent in the group's revenues in 2015 compared with 2014 as a result of gulfstream aircraft deliveries. operating margins are expected to be around 18 percent, down somewhat from 2014 primarily due to higher net r&d expenses, aircraft manufacturing mix and more pre-owned aircraft sales.
u.s. military vehicles            $(663     )
weapons systems and munitions     (61       )
international military vehicles   624
u.s. military vehicle revenues were down in 2014 consistent with our expectations as a result of a decrease in u.s. army spending as the iraqi and afghan conflicts wound down. this impacted our primary u.s. vehicle programs, including stryker, abrams, buffalo and mine resistant, ambush protected (mrap) vehicles. revenues also decreased on the completed ground combat vehicle (gcv) design and development program. weapons systems and munitions volume decreased in 2014 primarily due to lower tank ammunition production for non-u.s. customers.
revenues for international military vehicles were up significantly in 2014 as work commenced on a $10 billion international order received in the first quarter. work on this order was somewhat offset by lower revenues on several other international contracts that are nearing completion.
the combat systems group's operating margins decreased 60 basis points in 2014 primarily due to a mix shift from more mature programs nearing completion to the start up of new programs. somewhat offsetting this shift in contract mix, operating margins were up in our european and weapons systems businesses as a result of reduced overhead costs following restructuring activities completed in 2013 and early 2014.
in 2013, revenues were down across the combat systems group. decreased u.s. army spending, in part due to sequestration and a government shutdown, impacted u.s. military vehicle programs, including stryker, abrams and mrap, and weapons systems and munitions programs.
the combat systems group's operating earnings and margins increased significantly in 2013 despite the reduced revenues due to the negative impact of three discrete charges in 2012 in our european land systems business:
•   $98 of restructuring-related charges, primarily severance, for activities associated with eliminating excess capacity; and
these charges reduced the group's 2012 operating margins approximately 570 basis points. operating earnings and margins increased in 2013 due to strong operating performance across our u.s. businesses and the favorable impact of cost savings associated with restructuring activities in our european military vehicles business.
2015 outlook we expect the combat systems group's revenues and margins in 2015 to be consistent with 2014 as growth on our international military vehicle contracts offsets some scheduled reductions in spending on a few u.s. military production programs.
the information systems and technology group's revenues in 2014 were lower than 2013, though higher than our initial expectations. the decrease from the prior year consisted of the following:
information technology (it) solutions and mission support services   (185        )
revenues decreased nearly 25 percent in the mobile communication systems business in 2014 primarily as a result of lower u.s. army spending on certain programs, including the handheld, manpack and small form fit (hms) radio, warfighter information network-tactical (win-t) and common hardware systems-4 (chs-4) programs. revenues decreased in 2014 in our it services business due to lower volume on several programs, including our commercial wireless work. this decrease was partially offset by increased contact-center services work under our contract with the centers for medicare & medicaid services. revenues were essentially flat in our isr business.
despite the revenue decline, the group's operating margins increased 90 basis points in 2014, the result of solid operating performance and ongoing cost-reduction efforts across all our lines of business. as part of these efforts, we consolidated two businesses in the group effective in january of 2015 in an effort to be more efficient and responsive to our customers.
the information systems and technology group's revenues increased in 2013 compared with 2012 as higher volume in the mobile communication systems and it services businesses was partially offset by decreased revenues in the isr business. revenues increased in 2013 in the mobile communication systems business due to higher volume on programs that received production awards in late 2012 or 2013, including win-t, hms and chs-4. in the it services business, revenues were up as we worked to meet commercial wireless customers' accelerated schedules and commenced work on the contact-center services contract discussed above. revenues decreased in 2013 across the isr business driven by lower u.s. defense spending and a slower-than-expected transition to related follow-on work.
•   $2 billion goodwill impairment resulting from slowed defense spending and the threat of sequestration, coupled with margin compression due to a shift in the group's contract mix impacting projected cash flows;
•   $110 of intangible asset impairments on several assets in our optical products business as a result of competitive losses and delays indicative of lower overall demand caused by the economic downturn;
•   $58 write-down of substantially all of the remaining ruggedized hardware inventory based on anticipated remaining demand for products that ceased production in 2012; and
•   $26 for cost growth associated with the demonstration phase of the u.k. specialist vehicle (sv) program.
excluding these charges, operating margins decreased slightly in 2013 primarily due to growth in the lower-margin it services business and performance challenges in the group's u.k. business. management of the u.k. business was consolidated into our north american mobile communication systems business in 2013.
the marine systems group's revenues increased in 2013 compared with 2012 as lower ship construction revenues were offset by higher revenues from engineering and repair programs for the navy and commercial ship construction. the decrease in 2013 construction revenues was due to the completion of the t-ake combat-logistics ship program in late 2012. however, this decrease was partially offset by higher revenues on the virginia-class program, primarily due to long-lead materials for the block iv contract. revenues were higher on navy engineering and repair programs in 2013 due to increased submarine overhaul and repair work. commercial ship construction revenues increased as work commenced on contracts for jones act ships secured in late 2012 and 2013. operating earnings and margins decreased in 2013 due to the completion of the mature, higher-margin t-ake program in 2012.
aircraft manufacturing and outfitting       619
aircraft manufacturing and outfitting revenues increased in 2014 due to additional deliveries of large-cabin aircraft. ship construction revenues increased due to higher volume on the virginia-class submarine program and commercial jones act ships. offsetting these increases, lower u.s. army spending negatively impacted revenues from mobile communication products. pre-owned aircraft sales were down as there were fewer aircraft trade-ins and resulting sales in 2014.
despite the 2.4 percent increase in product revenues, product operating costs rose only 1.8 percent compared with 2013 due to strong operating performance. the majority of the change in product operating costs was due to volume, although costs in 2014 were affected by other changes, including higher net r&d expenses in the aerospace group associated with ongoing product-development efforts. no other changes were individually significant.
aircraft manufacturing and outfitting       357
military vehicle services                 $(194   )
it services                                (155   )
military vehicle and mobile communication support services revenues were lower due to decreased u.s. army spending, while it services revenues decreased due to reduced commercial wireless work.
service operating costs were lower in 2014 compared with 2013. as shown below, the decrease in service operating costs was due to lower volume. no other changes were individually significant.
military vehicle services                 $(144   )
it services                                (102   )
military vehicle production             $(1,218     )
aircraft manufacturing and outfitting   1,123
in 2013, military vehicle production revenues decreased on several programs, including the stryker, abrams and mrap programs. offsetting these decreases, aircraft manufacturing and outfitting revenues increased due to additional deliveries of the g650 and g280 aircraft.
product operating costs were lower in 2013 compared with 2012. discrete charges totaling $289 in 2012 in the combat systems and information systems and technology business groups included $110 of intangible asset impairments on several assets in our optical products business, $89 related to the termination of a contract to provide pandur vehicles to the portuguese government, $58 of ruggedized hardware inventory write-downs for products that ceased production in 2012, and $32 for cost growth associated
with the demonstration phase of the sv program for the u.k. ministry of defence. excluding these charges, the decrease in product operating costs was primarily due to lower volume. no other changes were individually significant.
military vehicle production               $(1,180   )
aircraft manufacturing and outfitting         864
service operating costs were lower in 2013 compared with 2012. while ship engineering and repair cost volume increased, this was offset by the intangible asset impairment in 2012 in jet aviation's maintenance business. no other changes were individually significant.
goodwill impairment in 2012, we recorded a $2 billion goodwill impairment in the information systems and technology group discussed in conjunction with the business group's operating results.
g&a expenses as a percentage of revenues, g&a expenses were 6.4 percent in 2014,  6.6 percent in 2013 and 7.2 percent in 2012. we expect g&a expenses in 2015 to be generally consistent with 2014.
interest, net net interest expense was $86 in 2014 and 2013 and $156 in 2012. the decrease in interest expense in 2013 results from our debt refinancing completed in december 2012. see note j to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information regarding our debt obligations. we expect full-year 2015 net interest expense to be $82.
other, net in 2012, other expenses included a $123 loss on the redemption of debt associated with the refinancing discussed above.
provision for income tax, net our effective tax rate was 29.7 percent in 2014, 31.2 percent in 2013 and 180.5 percent in 2012. the decrease in the effective tax rate in 2014 was primarily due to increased income from international operations and utilization of foreign tax credits. the atypically high tax rate in 2012 was driven by the largely non-deductible goodwill impairment recorded in the information systems and technology group and, to a lesser extent, the establishment of valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets in our non-u.s. operations. for further discussion and a reconciliation of our effective tax rate from the statutory federal rate, see note e to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. we anticipate the full-year effective tax rate to be approximately 30.5 percent in 2015.
discontinued operations, net of tax in 2014, we entered into an agreement to sell our axle business in the combat systems group and recognized a $146 loss, net of tax (the sale was completed in january 2015). in 2013, we recognized a $129 loss, net of tax, from the settlement of our litigation with the u.s. navy related to the terminated a-12 contract in the company's discontinued tactical military aircraft business. see note a to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further discussion of these transactions.
backlog and estimated potential contract value our total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was $72.4 billion at the end of 2014, nearly 60 percent higher than the prior-year amount of $45.9 billion. on december 31, 2014, our estimated potential contract value was $26.7 billion compared to $27.6 billion at the end of 2013. our total estimated contract value, which combines total backlog with estimated potential contract value, was $99.1 billion on december 31, 2014, our highest year-end balance ever.
estimated potential contract value includes work awarded on unfunded indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (idiq) contracts or unexercised options associated with existing firm contracts. idiq contracts provide customers with flexibility when they have not defined the exact timing and quantity of deliveries
or services that will be required at the time the contract is executed. contract options in our defense business represent agreements to perform additional work under existing contracts at the election of the customer. the actual amount of funding received in the future may be higher or lower than our estimate of potential contract value. we recognize options in backlog when the customer exercises the option and establishes a firm order.
aerospace aerospace funded backlog represents aircraft orders for which we have definitive purchase contracts and deposits from customers. unfunded backlog consists of agreements to provide future aircraft maintenance and support services. the aerospace group ended 2014 with backlog of $13.2 billion, compared with $13.9 billion at year-end 2013.
despite strong orders in 2014, the group's backlog has declined in recent years as g650 production has ramped up to fulfill the substantial orders we received upon introduction of the aircraft in 2008. we have approximately three years of backlog for the g650. we expect backlog to continue to decrease over the next several years as the time period between customer order and delivery of the g650 aircraft normalizes. at that time, we expect order activity to more closely match deliveries.
estimated potential contract value in the aerospace group primarily represents options to purchase new aircraft and long-term agreements with fleet customers. estimated potential contract value of $2.7 billion on december 31, 2014, increased more than 60 percent from $1.7 billion at year-end 2013. the increase is largely due to new multi-aircraft agreements in 2014 that include options for several gulfstream aircraft models.
defense groups the total backlog in our defense groups represents the estimated remaining sales value of work to be performed under firm contracts. the funded portion of this backlog includes items that have been authorized and appropriated by the congress and funded by the customer, as well as commitments by non-u.s. customers that are similarly approved and funded by their governments. we have included in total backlog firm contracts at the amounts we believe are likely to receive funding but there is no guarantee that future budgets and appropriations will provide funding for a given program.
combat systems combat systems' total backlog was $19.8 billion at the end of 2014, tripling the year-end 2013 backlog of $6.6 billion. growth in the group's backlog was primarily due to two major contract awards received in 2014, a $5.9 billion award from the u.k. ministry of defence to deliver specialist vehicle (sv) platforms to the british army between 2017 and 2024, and a $10 billion award to provide wheeled armored vehicles, training and support services to an international customer through 2028. the wheeled vehicle contract also provides for an additional potential $3 billion of vehicles and services.
the combat systems group has several other significant non-u.s. military vehicle production contracts in backlog, including:
•   $110 for the production of eagle vehicles for germany and duro vehicles for switzerland.
the army's stryker wheeled combat vehicle program represented $780 of the group's backlog on december 31, 2014, with vehicles scheduled for delivery through 2016. the group received $460 of stryker orders in 2014, including awards for double-v-hulled vehicles, contractor logistics support and engineering services. the group's backlog on december 31, 2014, included $540 for m1 abrams main battle tank modernization and upgrade programs for the army and u.s. allies around the world, including $105 for m1a2 tanks for the kingdom of saudi arabia.
the combat systems group's backlog on december 31, 2014, also included $2.2 billion for multiple weapons systems and munitions programs.
information systems and technology unlike our other defense businesses, the information systems and technology group's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and is reconstituted each year with new programs and task order awards. the group's total backlog was $8.6 billion at the end of 2014, up slightly from $8.5 billion at year-end 2013. this amount does not include $16.1 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of idiq contracts and unexercised options. in 2014, funding under idiq contracts and options contributed nearly $4 billion to the group's orders.
•   $645 to extend the period of performance for support on the canadian maritime helicopter project (mhp);
•   $210 for the u.k.'s bowman tactical communication system for long-term support and capability upgrades;
•   $165 from austal usa for combat and seaframe control systems for two littoral combat ships for the u.s. navy, bringing the value in backlog to $350. options to provide these naval control systems for two additional ships will be reported in backlog when they are exercised; and
•   $390 of support and modernization work for the intelligence community, the dod and the department of homeland security, including the st. elizabeths campus, new campus east and netcents infrastructure programs; and
•   $305 for the win-t mobile communications network program. the group has an additional $380 of estimated potential contract value associated with this program awarded as an idiq contract.
procurement of a fourth ship. construction is underway on the two additional ships, scheduled for delivery in 2015 and 2018. the third and fourth ships are configured as afloat forward staging bases (afsb).
complementing these ship construction programs, engineering services represented approximately $2 billion of the marine systems group's backlog on december 31, 2014, including $1.4 billion for design and development efforts on the ohio-class submarine replacement program. additionally, year-end backlog for maintenance, repair and other services totaled $1.7 billion.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources we place a strong emphasis on cash flow generation. this focus gives us the flexibility for capital deployment while preserving a strong balance sheet to position us for future opportunities. the $9.4 billion of cash generated by operating activities over the past three years was deployed to repurchase our common stock, pay dividends and fund capital expenditures. our net cash position, defined as cash and equivalents and marketable securities less debt, was $1 billion at year-end 2014, down $415 from the end of 2013.
our cash balances are invested primarily in time deposits from highly rated banks and commercial paper rated a1/p1 or higher. on december 31, 2014, $1.9 billion of our cash was held by non-u.s. operations. should this cash be repatriated, it generally would be subject to u.s. federal income tax but would generate offsetting foreign tax credits.
net cash provided by operating activities                $3,728              $3,111              $2,606
net cash used by investing activities                    (1,102   )            (363   )            (642   )
net cash used by financing activities                    (3,575   )            (725   )          (1,382   )
marketable securities                                       500                   -                   -
debt-to-equity (a)                                         33.1   %            27.0   %            34.3   %
debt-to-capital (b)                                        24.8   %            21.2   %            25.6   %
(a)   debt-to-equity ratio is calculated as total debt divided by total equity.
(b)   debt-to-capital ratio is calculated as total debt divided by the sum of total debt plus total equity.
we expect to continue to generate funds in excess of our short- and long-term liquidity needs. we believe we have adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute our financial and operating strategy. the following is a discussion of our major operating, investing and financing activities for each of the past three years, as classified on the consolidated statements of cash flows in item 8.
operating activities we generated cash from operating activities of $3.7 billion in 2014, $3.1 billion in 2013 and $2.6 billion in 2012. in all three years, the primary driver of cash flows was net earnings (loss) after removing the impact of non-cash charges. operating cash flows in 2014 included significant customer deposits related to a large non-u.s. contract awarded in our combat systems group. as these deposits are utilized to fund supplier commitments on the program, we expect operating cash flows to be less. operating cash flows in
2013 benefited from reductions in operating working capital, primarily in our marine systems group where deposits were received for commercial ship orders.
investing activities we used $1.1 billion in 2014, $363 in 2013 and $642 in 2012 for investing activities. the primary uses of cash for investing activities were capital expenditures and purchases of marketable securities.
capital expenditures. capital expenditures were $521 in 2014, $436 in 2013 and 2012. we expect capital expenditures of approximately 2 percent of revenues in 2015.
marketable securities. in 2014, we purchased $500 of short-term held-to-maturity securities. other net purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities in all three years were not material.
other, net. investing activities also include proceeds from the sale of assets and cash paid for business acquisitions. we completed one acquisition in 2014, no acquisitions in 2013 and seven acquisitions in 2012 for $444. we used cash on hand to fund these acquisitions. see note b to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further discussion of acquisition activity.
financing activities we used $3.6 billion in 2014, $725 in 2013 and $1.4 billion in 2012 for financing activities. our financing activities include repurchases of common stock, payment of dividends and debt issuances and repayments. net cash from financing activities also included proceeds received from stock option exercises.
debt proceeds, net. in 2012, we issued $2.4 billion of fixed-rate notes and used the proceeds to redeem, prior to maturity, an equal amount of fixed-rate notes with higher interest rates.
in january 2015, we repaid $500 of fixed-rate notes on their scheduled maturity date with the proceeds from maturing marketable securities purchased in 2014 (see discussion above). we have no additional material repayments of long-term debt scheduled until 2016. see note j to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information regarding our debt obligations, including scheduled debt maturities and interest rates.
we ended 2014 with no commercial paper outstanding. we have $2 billion in bank credit facilities that remain available, including a $1 billion facility expiring in july 2016 and a $1 billion facility expiring in july 2018. these facilities provide backup liquidity to our commercial paper program.
non-gaap management metrics we emphasize the efficient conversion of net earnings into cash and the deployment of that cash to maximize shareholder returns. as described below, we use free cash flow and return on invested capital (roic) to measure our performance in these areas. while we believe these metrics provide useful information, they are not defined operating measures under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), and there are limitations associated with their use. our calculation of these metrics may not be completely comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in the method of calculation. as a result, the use of these metrics should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, other gaap measures.
free cash flow. we define free cash flow from operations as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. we believe free cash flow from operations is a useful measure for shareholders because it portrays our ability to generate cash from our core businesses for purposes such as repaying maturing debt, funding business acquisitions, repurchasing our common stock and paying dividends. we use free cash flow from operations to assess the quality of our earnings and as a performance measure in evaluating management. the following table reconciles the free cash flow from operations with net cash provided by operating activities, as classified on the consolidated statements of cash flows:
net cash provided by operating activities                              $3,728              $3,111              $2,606              $3,150              $2,946
capital expenditures                                                     (521   )            (436   )            (436   )            (445   )            (351   )
net cash provided by operating activities                                 139   %             125   %             nm*                 126   %             115   %
return on invested capital. we believe roic is a useful measure for shareholders because it reflects our ability to generate returns from the capital we have deployed in our operations. we use roic to evaluate investment decisions and as a performance measure in evaluating management. we define roic as net operating profit after taxes divided by average invested capital. net operating profit after taxes is defined as earnings from continuing operations plus after-tax interest and amortization expense. average invested capital is defined as the sum of the average debt and shareholders' equity for the year. roic excludes accumulated other comprehensive loss, goodwill impairments and non-economic accounting changes as they are not reflective of our operating performance. prior-year amounts have been adjusted for comparative purposes to reflect our current definition.
net operating profit after taxes         $2,819              $2,646              $1,662              $2,742              $2,811
average invested capital                $18,692             $18,764             $19,899             $18,608             $17,844
return on invested capital                 15.1   %            14.1   %             8.4   %            14.7   %            15.8   %
*2012 loss from continuing operations of ($381) has been adjusted for $1,994 goodwill impairment and associated $199 tax benefit. 2012 shareholders' equity, a component of average invested capital, has been similarly adjusted.
additional financial information off-balance sheet arrangements on december 31, 2014, other than operating leases, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following tables present information about our contractual obligations and commercial commitments on december 31, 2014:
payments due by period contractual obligations                total amount committed            less than 1 year             1-3 years             4-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt (a)                           $4,771                          $586                  $1,549                  $122                    $2,514
capital lease obligations                        31                             2                       4                     4                        21
other long-term liabilities (c)              19,358                         3,554                   2,330                 1,705                    11,769
(a)includes scheduled interest payments. see note j to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of long-term debt.
(b)includes amounts committed under legally enforceable agreements for goods and services with defined terms as to quantity, price and timing of delivery. this amount includes $24.6 billion of purchase obligations for products and services to be delivered under firm government contracts under which we expect full recourse under normal contract termination clauses.
(c)represents other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, including the current portion of these liabilities. the projected timing of cash flows associated with these obligations is based on management's estimates, which are based largely on historical experience. this amount also includes all liabilities under our defined-benefit retirement plans. see note p to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information regarding these liabilities and the plan assets available to satisfy them.
amount of commitment expiration by period commercial commitments                   total amount committed   less than 1 year                   1-3 years              4-5 years        more than 5 years letters of credit and guarantees*              $1,032             $454                              $225                   $131              $222
* see note n to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of letters of credit and aircraft trade-in options.
application of critical accounting policies management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including most pervasively those related to various assumptions and projections for our long-term contracts and programs. other significant estimates include those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, income taxes, pensions and other post-retirement benefits, workers' compensation, warranty obligations, and litigation and other contingencies. we employ judgment in making our estimates but they are based on historical experience, currently available information and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. the results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. actual results could differ from
we believe the following policies are critical and require the use of significant judgment in their application:
revenue recognition. we account for revenues and earnings using the percentage-of-completion method. under this method, contract revenue and profit are recognized as work progresses, either as products are produced or as services are rendered. we determine progress using either input measures (e.g., costs incurred) or output measures (e.g., contract milestones or units delivered), as appropriate to the circumstances. an input measure is used in most cases unless an output measure is identified that is reliably determinable and representative of progress  toward  completion.  we estimate the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and the total estimated costs of a contract and recognize that profit over the life of the contract. if at any time the estimate of contract profitability reveals an anticipated loss on the contract, we recognize the loss in the quarter it is identified.
we generally measure progress toward completion on contracts in our defense businesses based on the proportion of costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion (input measure). for our contracts for the manufacture of business-jet aircraft, we record revenue at two contractual milestones: when green aircraft are delivered to and accepted by the customer and when the customer accepts final delivery of the fully outfitted aircraft (output measure). we do not recognize revenue at green delivery unless (1) a contract has been executed with the customer and (2) the customer can be expected to satisfy its obligations under the contract, as evidenced by the receipt of significant deposits from the customer and other factors.
accounting for long-term contracts and programs involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenues and costs. contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that often span several years. these assumptions include labor productivity and availability; the complexity of the work to be performed; the cost and availability of materials; the performance of subcontractors; and the availability and timing of funding from the customer. we include in our contract estimates additional revenues for submitted contract modifications or claims against the customer when the amount can be estimated reliably and its realization is probable. in evaluating these criteria, we consider the contractual/legal basis for the claim, the cause of any additional costs incurred, the reasonableness of those costs and the objective evidence available to support the claim. we include award or incentive fees in the estimated contract value when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the fee. estimates of award or incentive fees are based on historical award experience and anticipated performance. these estimates are based on our best judgment at the time. as a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, we review our performance monthly and update our contract-related estimates at least annually and often quarterly, as well as when required by specific events and circumstances.
we recognize changes in the estimated profit on contracts under the reallocation method. under this method, the impact of revisions in estimates is recognized prospectively over the remaining contract term. we use this method because we believe the majority of factors that typically result in changes in estimates on our long-term contracts affect the period in which the change is identified and future periods. these changes generally reflect our current expectations as to future performance and, therefore, the reallocation method is the method that best matches our profits to the periods in which they are earned. most government contractors recognize the impact of a change in estimated profit immediately under the cumulative catch-up method. the impact on operating earnings in the period the change is identified is generally lower under the reallocation method as compared to the cumulative catch-up method. the net increase in our operating
in the second quarter of 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers. asu 2014-09 prescribes a single, common revenue standard that replaces most existing revenue recognition guidance in gaap. the standard outlines a five-step model, whereby revenue is recognized as performance obligations within a contract are satisfied. the standard also requires new, expanded disclosures regarding revenue recognition. asu 2014-09 is effective in the first quarter of 2017. early application is not permitted. the standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. we have not yet selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our consolidated financial statements.
the required adoption of the asu in 2017 will preclude our use of the reallocation method of recognizing revisions in estimated profit on contracts discussed above. as changes in estimated profit will be recognized in the period they are identified (cumulative catch-up method), rather than prospectively over the remaining contract term, we expect that the impact of revisions of contract estimates may be larger and potentially more variable from period to period. anticipated losses on contracts will continue to be recognized in the quarter they are identified.
goodwill and intangible assets. goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. goodwill is not amortized but is subject to an impairment test on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate that an impairment is more likely than not. such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. the test for goodwill impairment is a two-step process that requires a significant level of estimation and use of judgment by management, particularly the estimate of the fair value of our reporting units. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units primarily based on the discounted projected cash flows of the underlying operations. this requires numerous assumptions, including the timing of work embedded in our backlog, our performance and profitability under our contracts, our success in securing future business, the appropriate risk-adjusted interest rate used to discount the projected cash flows, and terminal value growth and earnings rates applied to the final year of projected cash flows. due to the variables inherent in our estimates of fair value, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the result of our impairment analysis. to assess the reasonableness of our discounted projected cash flows, we compare the sum of our reporting units' fair value to our market capitalization and calculate an implied control premium (the excess of the sum of the reporting units' fair values over the market capitalization). we evaluate the reasonableness of this control premium by comparing it to control premiums for recent comparable market transactions.
we completed the required annual goodwill impairment test as of december 31, 2014. the first step of the goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of our reporting units to their carrying values. our reporting units are consistent with our business groups. the estimated fair values for each of our reporting units were well in excess of their respective carrying values as of december 31, 2014. in our information systems and technology reporting unit (for which we recorded a $2 billion goodwill impairment in 2012), this excess increased from 2013 as there was an improvement in the fair value and a decrease in the carrying value of the reporting unit.
we review intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. impairment losses, where identified, are determined as the excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of the long-lived asset. we assess the recoverability of the carrying value of assets held for use based on a review of projected undiscounted cash flows.
commitments and contingencies. we are subject to litigation and other legal proceedings arising either from the ordinary course of our business or under provisions relating to the protection of the environment. estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires the use of judgment. we record a charge against earnings when a liability associated with claims or pending or threatened litigation is probable and when our exposure is reasonably estimable. the ultimate resolution of our exposure related to these matters may change as further facts and circumstances become known.
deferred contract costs. certain costs incurred in the performance of our government contracts are recorded under gaap but are not allocable currently to contracts. such costs include a portion of our estimated workers' compensation obligations, other insurance-related assessments, pension and other post-retirement benefits, and environmental expenses. these costs will become allocable to contracts generally after they are paid. we have elected to defer (or inventory) these costs in contracts in process until they can be allocated to contracts. we expect to recover these costs through ongoing business, including existing backlog and probable follow-on contracts. we regularly assess the probability of recovery of these costs. this assessment requires that we make assumptions about future contract costs, the extent of cost recovery under our contracts and the amount of future contract activity. these estimates are based on our best judgment. if the backlog in the future does not support the continued deferral of these costs, the profitability of our remaining contracts could be adversely affected.
retirement plans. our defined-benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit costs and obligations depend on several assumptions and estimates. the key assumptions include interest rates used to discount estimated future liabilities and projected long-term rates of return on plan assets. we determine the discount rate used each year based on the rate of return currently available on a portfolio of high-quality fixed-income investments with a maturity that is consistent with the projected benefit payout period. we determine the long-term rate of return on assets based on consideration of historical and forward-looking returns and the current and expected asset allocation strategy.
in 2014, we adopted updated mortality tables published by the society of actuaries that predict increasing life expectancies in the united states. additionally, we updated several other assumptions to align them with historical experience, including rates of retirement and cost of living increases. the impact of these changes was a net increase of $566 and $28 in the benefit obligations of our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, respectively, on december 31, 2014.
these estimates are based on our best judgment, including consideration of current and future market conditions. in the event any of the assumptions change, pension and post-retirement benefit cost could increase or decrease. for further discussion, including the impact of hypothetical changes in the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, see note p to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
as discussed under deferred contract costs, our contractual arrangements with the u.s. government provide for the recovery of benefit costs for our government retirement plans. we have elected to defer recognition of the benefit costs that cannot currently be allocated to contracts to provide a better matching of revenues and expenses. accordingly, the impact on the retirement benefit cost for these plans that results from annual changes in assumptions does not impact our earnings.