item 1a.  risk factors risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect future results risks related to our business depressed and uncertain general economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our business is sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the united states. the continued economic downturn may adversely impact our business, resulting in:
•   reduced demand for our products, delays in the shipment of orders or increases in order cancellations;
•   increased price pressure for our products and services; and
•   greater risk of impairment to the value, and a detriment to the liquidity, of our future investment portfolio.
our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated.
visibility into our markets is limited. our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of technology-related spending and orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast and may be cancelled by our customers. in addition, our revenues and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality or cyclicality of our markets. however, the markets we serve do not always experience the seasonality or cyclicality that we expect. any decline in our customers' markets would likely result in a reduction in demand for our products and services.
the broader semiconductor market is one of the drivers for our business, and therefore, a decrease in the semiconductor market could harm our business. also, if our customers' markets decline, we may not be able to collect on outstanding amounts due to us. such declines could harm our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and could limit our profitability. also, in such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, r&d and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough, these pricing pressures could further reduce our operating margins.
if we do not introduce successful new products and services in a timely manner to address increased competition, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards, our products and services will become obsolete, and our operating results will suffer.
we generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards. in addition, many of the markets in which we operate are seasonal and cyclical. without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. the success of new products and services will depend on several factors, including our ability to:
•   properly identify customer needs;
•   innovate and develop new technologies, services and applications;
•   successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner;
•   differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings;
•   price our products competitively;
•   anticipate our competitors' development of new products, services or technological innovations; and control product quality in our manufacturing process.
dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourcing other portions of our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively.
as part of our efforts to streamline operations and to cut costs, we outsource aspects of our manufacturing processes and other functions and continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. if our contract manufacturers or other outsourcers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to market and our reputation could suffer. for example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from fulfilling our customers' orders on a timely basis. the ability of these manufacturers to perform is largely outside of our control. additionally, changing or replacing our contract manufacturers or other outsourcees could cause disruptions or delays. in addition, we outsource significant portions of our information technology ("it") and other administrative functions. since it is critical to our operations, any failure to perform on the part of our it providers could impair our ability to operate effectively. in addition to the risks outlined above, problems with manufacturing or it outsourcing could result in lower revenues and unrealized efficiencies, and could impact our results of operations and stock price. much of our outsourcing takes place in developing countries and, as a result, may be subject to geopolitical uncertainty.
failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to estimate our customers' demand could adversely affect our income.
our income could be harmed if we are unable to adjust our purchases to market fluctuations, including those caused by the seasonal or cyclical nature of the markets in which we operate. the sale of our products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers whose industries are subject to seasonal or cyclical trends in the demand for their products. for example, the consumer electronics market is particularly volatile, making demand difficult to anticipate. during a market upturn, we may not be able to purchase sufficient supplies or components to meet increasing product demand, which could materially affect our results. in the past, we have seen a shortage of parts for some of our products. in addition, some of the parts that require custom design are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. should a supplier cease manufacturing such a component, we would be forced to reengineer our product. in addition to discontinuing parts, suppliers may also extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. in order to secure components for the production of products, we may continue to enter into non-cancellable purchase commitments with vendors, or at times make advance payments to suppliers, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to declining market demands. prior commitments of this type have resulted in an excess of parts when demand for communications and electronics products has decreased. if demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges.
our operating results may suffer if our manufacturing capacity does not match the demand for our products.
because we cannot immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to rapidly changing market conditions, when demand does not meet our expectations, our manufacturing capacity will likely exceed our production requirements. if, during a general market upturn or an upturn in our business, we cannot increase our manufacturing capacity to meet product demand, we will not be able to fulfill orders in a timely manner, which could lead to order cancellations, contract breaches or indemnification obligations. this inability could materially and adversely limit our ability to improve our income, margin and operating results. by contrast, if, during an economic downturn, we had excess manufacturing capacity, then our fixed costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity would adversely affect our income, margins and operating results.
economic, political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations.
because we sell our products worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. we anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. in addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions and manufacturing facilities are located outside the united states. accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including:
•   interruption to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers;
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions;
•   trade protection measures, sanctions, and import or export licensing requirements or restrictions;
•   negative consequences from changes in tax laws;
•   unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; and
•   volatile political environments or geopolitical turmoil, including regional conflicts, terrorism, and war.
we centralize most of our accounting processes at two locations: india and malaysia. these processes include general accounting, inventory cost accounting, accounts payable and accounts receivables functions. if conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers. our results of operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results.
additionally, we must comply with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and anti-competition regulations. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions on our business conduct and on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, ability to attract and retain employees, international operations, business and operating results. although we plan to implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate these policies and procedures.
in addition, although a substantial amount of our products are priced and paid for in u.s. dollars, many of our products are priced in local currencies and a significant amount of certain types of expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax and marketing expenses, are paid in local currencies. our hedging programs are designed to reduce, but not always entirely eliminate, within any given 12-month period, the impact of currency exchange rate movements, including those caused by currency controls, which could impact our business, operating results and financial condition by resulting in lower revenue or increased expenses. however, for expenses beyond a 12-month period, our hedging strategy will not mitigate our exchange rate risk. in addition, our currency hedging programs involve third-party financial institutions as counterparties. the weakening or failure of these counterparties may adversely affect our hedging programs and our financial condition through, among other things, a reduction in the number of available counterparties, increasingly unfavorable terms or the failure of counterparties to perform under hedging contracts.
significant key customers or large orders may expose us to additional business and legal risks that could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
certain significant key customers have substantial purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contractual arrangements with us. these customers may demand contract terms that differ considerably from our standard terms and conditions. large orders may also include severe contractual liabilities for us if we fail to provide the quantity and quality of product at the required delivery times. while we attempt to contractually limit our potential liability under such contracts, we may have to agree to some or all of these types of provisions to secure these orders and to continue to grow our business. such actions expose us to significant additional risks, which could result in a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel.
our future success depends partly on the continued service of our key research, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, executive and administrative personnel. if we fail to retain and hire a sufficient number of these personnel, we may not be able to maintain or expand our business. the markets in which we operate are dynamic, and we may need to respond with reorganizations, workforce reductions and site closures from time to time. we believe our pay levels are competitive within the regions that we operate. however, there is also intense competition for certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas in which we operate, and it may become more difficult to retain key employees.
environmental contamination from past operations could subject us to unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties involved, and environmental contamination caused by ongoing operations could subject us to substantial liabilities in the future.
some of our properties are undergoing remediation by hp for subsurface contaminations that were known at the time of agilent's separation from hp in 1999. in connection with agilent's separation from hp, hp and agilent entered into an agreement pursuant to which hp agreed to retain the liability for this subsurface contamination, perform the required remediation and indemnify agilent with respect to claims arising out of that contamination. agilent has assigned its rights and obligations under this agreement to keysight in respect of facilities transferred to us in the separation. as a result, hp will have access to a limited number of our properties to perform remediation. although hp agreed to minimize interference with on-site operations at such properties, remediation activities and subsurface contamination may require us to incur unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties. in connection with the separation, agilent will indemnify us directly for any liabilities related thereto. we cannot be sure that hp will continue to fulfill its remediation obligations or that agilent will continue to fulfill its indemnification obligations.
in connection with the separation, agilent also agreed to indemnify us for any liability associated with contamination from past operations at all properties transferred from agilent to keysight. we cannot be sure that agilent will fulfill its indemnification obligations.
our current manufacturing processes involve the use of substances regulated under various international, federal, state and local laws governing the environment. as a result, we may become subject to liabilities for environmental contamination, and these liabilities may be substantial. although our policy is to apply strict standards for environmental protection at our sites inside and outside the united states, even if the sites outside the united states are not subject to regulations imposed by foreign governments, we may not be aware of all conditions that could subject us to liability.
we and our customers are subject to various governmental regulations, compliance with which may cause us to incur significant expenses, and if we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain regulations, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
we and our customers are subject to various significant international, federal, state and local regulations, including, but not limited to, health and safety, packaging, product content, labor and import/export regulations. these regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. we may be required to incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations or to remedy violations of these regulations. any failure by us to comply with applicable government regulations could also result in cessation of our operations or portions of our operations, product recalls or impositions of fines and restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations. if demand for our products is adversely affected or our costs increase, our business would suffer.
our products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, like the international standards organization, as well as regulation by other agencies such as the u.s. federal communications commission. we also must comply with work safety rules. if we fail to adequately address any of these regulations, our businesses could be harmed.
third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services.
from time to time, third parties may claim that one or more of our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. we analyze and take action in response to such claims on a case-by-case basis. any dispute or litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming due to the complexity of our technology and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation and could divert our management and key personnel from business operations. a claim of intellectual property infringement could cause us to enter into a costly or restrictive license agreement (which may not be available under acceptable terms, or at all), require us to redesign certain of our products (which would be costly and time-consuming) and/or subject us to significant damages or an injunction against the development and sale of certain products or services. in certain of our businesses, we rely on third-party intellectual property licenses, and we cannot ensure that these licenses will be available to us in the future on terms favorable to us or at all.
third parties may infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our intellectual property rights.
our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, including technology we obtained through acquisitions. we rely on various intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements, to establish our proprietary rights. if we do not enforce our intellectual property rights successfully, our competitive position may suffer, which could harm our operating results.
our pending patent, copyright and trademark registration applications may not be allowed or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents, copyrights or trademarks. in addition, our patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not provide us with a significant competitive advantage. in preparation for the separation and distribution, we have applied for trademarks related to our new global brand name in various jurisdictions worldwide. any successful opposition to our applications in material jurisdictions could impose material costs on us or make it more difficult to protect our brand. different jurisdictions vary widely in the level of protection and priority they give to trademark and other intellectual property rights.
we may be required to spend significant resources monitoring our intellectual property rights, and we may or may not be able to detect infringement of such rights by third parties. our competitive position may be harmed if we cannot detect infringement and enforce our intellectual property rights in a timely manner, or at all. in some circumstances, we may choose to not pursue enforcement due to a variety of reasons. in addition, competitors may avoid infringement by designing around our intellectual property rights or by developing non-infringing competing technologies. intellectual property rights and our ability to enforce them may be unavailable or limited in some countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market share and could result in lost revenues to the company. furthermore, some of our intellectual property is licensed to others, which allows them to compete with us using that intellectual property.
we are or will be subject to ongoing tax examinations of our tax returns by the irs and other tax authorities. an adverse outcome of any such audit or examination by the irs or other tax authority could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are or will be subject to ongoing tax examinations of our tax returns by the irs and other tax authorities in various jurisdictions. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from ongoing tax examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. these assessments can require considerable estimates and judgments. intercompany transactions associated with the sale of inventory, services, intellectual property and cost sharing arrangements are complex and affect our tax liabilities. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions. the outcomes of any tax examinations could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. due to the complexity of tax contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax matters related to operations post-separation may result in payments greater or less than amounts accrued.
our effective tax rate may be adversely impacted by, among other things, changes in the mix of our earnings among countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets and changes in tax laws. we cannot give any assurance as to what our effective tax rate will be in the future because of, among other things, uncertainty regarding the tax policies of the jurisdictions where we operate. in addition, we may be impacted by changes in tax laws, including tax rate changes, changes to the laws related to the treatment and remittance of foreign earnings, new tax laws and subsequent interpretations of tax law in the united states and other jurisdictions.
if tax incentives change or cease to be in effect, our income taxes could increase significantly.
we benefit from tax incentives extended to our foreign subsidiaries to encourage investment or employment. several jurisdictions have granted or are anticipated to grant us tax incentives that require renewal at various times in the future, the most significant being in singapore. we do not expect incentives granted by other tax authorities to have a material impact on the financial statements. the specific conditions of the tax incentives with singapore are being negotiated and have not been finally agreed. however, we expect that these conditions will be different from those currently agreed between agilent and singapore, and will include achieving different thresholds of employment, ownership of certain assets as well as specific types of investment activities within singapore. we believe that we will satisfy such conditions in the future.
our taxes could increase if the incentives are not granted or renewed upon expiration. if we cannot or do not wish to satisfy all or portions of the tax incentive conditions, we may lose the related tax incentive and could be required to refund tax incentives previously realized. as a result, our effective tax rate could be higher than it would have been had we maintained the benefits of the tax incentives.
if we suffer a loss to our factories, facilities or distribution system due to a catastrophic event, our operations could be significantly harmed.
our factories, facilities and distribution system are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, terrorism or other natural or manmade disasters. in particular, several of our facilities could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by earthquake or other natural disasters due to their locations. for example, our production facilities, headquarters and laboratories in california and our production facilities in japan are all located in areas with above-average seismic activity. if any of these facilities were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility. if such a disruption were to occur, we could breach our agreements, our reputation could be harmed and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. in addition, since we have consolidated our manufacturing facilities, we are more likely to experience an interruption to our operations in the event of a catastrophe in any one location. although we carry insurance for property damage and business interruption, we do not carry insurance or financial reserves for interruptions or potential losses arising from earthquakes or terrorism. also, our third-party insurance coverage will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on availability, cost and our decision with respect to risk retention. economic conditions and uncertainties in global markets may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain third-party insurance. if our third-party insurance coverage is adversely affected, or to the extent we have elected to self-insure, we may be at a greater risk that our operations will be harmed by a catastrophic loss.
as we build our information technology infrastructure and transition our data to our own system, if we experience a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems, or if we fail to implement new systems and software successfully, our business could be adversely affected.
we are in the process of transitioning from agilent's information technology system to our own system during the first half of fiscal year 2015. we rely on several centralized information technology systems to provide products and services, maintain financial records, process orders, manage inventory, process shipments to customers and operate other critical functions. if we cannot transition effectively from agilent's existing system and were to experience a prolonged system disruption in the information technology systems that involve our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. in addition, our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. furthermore, security breaches of our information technology systems could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to the company or our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, which could result in significant financial or reputational damage to the company.
our business and financial results may be adversely affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings.
we are subject to legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims in the normal course of business and could become subject to additional claims in the future, some of which could be material. the outcome of existing proceedings, lawsuits and claims may differ from our expectations because the outcomes of litigation are often difficult to reliably predict. various factors or developments can lead us to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where applicable, or permit us to make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. a future adverse ruling, settlement or unfavorable development could result in charges that could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition.
our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected.
in the normal course of business, we may engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures. as a result of such transactions, our financial results may differ from our own or the investment community's expectations in a given fiscal quarter, or over the long term. if market conditions or other factors lead us to change our strategic direction, we may not realize the expected value from such transactions. further, such transactions often have post-closing arrangements, including, but not limited to, post-closing adjustments, transition services, escrows or indemnifications, the financial results of which can be difficult to predict. in addition, acquisitions and strategic alliances may require us to integrate a different company culture, management team and business infrastructure. we may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a way that enhances the performance of our businesses or product lines to realize the value from expected synergies. depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, the successful integration of the entity depends on a variety of factors, including:
•   the retention of key employees and/or customers;
•   the management of facilities and employees in different geographic areas; and
•   the compatibility of our infrastructure, policies and organizations with those of the acquired company.
if we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such transactions, our combined and consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be negatively impacted.
in addition, effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. we anticipate devoting significant resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. however, we cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we design, implement and maintain adequate control over our financial processes and reporting in the future, especially in the context of acquisitions of other businesses. any difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses into our control system could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock and our access to capital. all of these efforts require varying levels of management resources, which may divert our attention from other business operations.
we have substantial cash requirements in the united states, although most of our cash is generated outside of the united states. the failure to maintain a level of cash sufficient to address our cash requirements in the united states could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
although the cash generated in the united states from our operations, including any cash and non-permanently invested earnings repatriated to the united states, is expected to cover our normal operating requirements and debt service requirements, a substantial amount of additional cash may be required for special purposes such as the maturity of our current and future debt obligations, any dividends that may be declared, any future stock repurchase programs and any acquisitions. if we encounter a significant need for liquidity domestically or at a particular location that we cannot fulfill through borrowings, equity offerings or other internal or external sources, we may incur unfavorable tax and earnings consequences. these adverse consequences would occur, for example, if the transfer of cash into the united states is taxed and no foreign tax credit is available to offset the u.s. tax liability, resulting in higher taxes. foreign exchange ceilings imposed by local governments and the sometimes lengthy approval processes that foreign governments require for international cash transfers may delay our internal cash transfers from time to time. these factors may cause us to have an overall tax rate higher than our tax rates have been in the past. our business, operating results, financial condition and strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted if we are unable to address our u.s. cash requirements through the efficient and timely repatriations of overseas cash or other sources of cash obtained at a cost and on other terms acceptable to us.
we have outstanding debt and may incur other debt in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
we currently have outstanding debt as well as availability to borrow under a revolving credit facility. we may borrow additional amounts in the future and use the proceeds from any future borrowing for general corporate purposes, future acquisitions, expansion of our business or repurchases of our outstanding shares of common stock.
our incurrence of this debt, and increases in our aggregate levels of debt, may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition by, among other things:
•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business; and
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry.
our current revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to create liens on our assets and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur indebtedness, and requires us to maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. our ability to comply with these ratios may be affected by events beyond our control. in addition, the indenture governing our senior notes contains covenants that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain liens or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. if we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable.
we may need additional financing in the future to meet our capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, and may be dilutive to existing shareholders.
we may need to seek additional financing for our general corporate purposes. for example, we may need to increase our investment in r&d activities or need funds to make acquisitions. we may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. if adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our expansion, successfully develop or enhance products or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect our business. if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, our shareholders will experience dilution of their ownership interest. if we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to further limitations on our operations and ability to pay dividends due to restrictive covenants.
adverse conditions in the global banking industry and credit markets may adversely impact the value of our cash investments or impair our liquidity.
as of the distribution, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $810 million invested or held in a mix of money market funds, time deposit accounts and bank demand deposit accounts. disruptions in the financial markets may, in some cases, result in an inability to access assets such as money market funds that traditionally have been viewed as highly liquid. any failure of our counterparty financial institutions or funds in which we have invested may adversely impact our cash and cash equivalent positions and, in turn, our results and financial condition.
future investment returns on pension assets may be lower than expected or interest rates may decline, requiring us to make significant additional cash contributions to our future plans.
we sponsor several defined benefit pension plans that cover many of our salaried and hourly employees. the federal pension protection act of 2006 requires that certain capitalization levels be maintained in each of the u.s. plans and there may be similar funding requirements in the plans outside the united states. because it is unknown what the investment return on pension assets will be in future years or what interest rates may be at any point in time, no assurances can be given that applicable law will not require us to make future material plan contributions. any such contributions could adversely affect our financial condition.
risks related to the separation we have no history of operating as an independent company, and our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly-traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results.
the historical information about the company prior to fiscal year 2015 refers to our business as operated by and integrated with agilent. our historical financial information included in this form 10-k is derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of agilent. accordingly, the historical financial information does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly-traded company during the periods presented or those that we will achieve in the future primarily as a result of the factors described below:
•   prior to the separation, our business has been operated by agilent as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company. agilent or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for us such as legal, treasury, accounting, auditing, human resources, corporate affairs and finance. our historical financial results reflect allocations of corporate expenses from agilent for such functions and are likely to be less than the expenses we would have incurred had we operated as a separate publicly-traded company. following the separation, our cost related to such functions previously performed by agilent may therefor increase;
•   our business was integrated with the other businesses of agilent. historically, we shared economies of scope and scale in costs, employees, vendor relationships and customer relationships. although our transition agreements with agilent took effect upon the separation, these arrangements may not fully capture the benefits that we enjoyed as a result of being integrated with agilent and may result in the company paying higher charges than in the past for these services. this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition following the separation;
•   generally, our working capital requirements and capital for our general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and capital expenditures, have historically been satisfied as part of the corporate-wide cash management policies of agilent. following the separation, we may need to obtain additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, strategic relationships or other arrangements;
•   after the separation, the cost of capital for our business may be higher than agilent's cost of capital prior to the separation; and
•   our historical financial information does not reflect the debt or the associated interest expense that we have incurred as part of the separation and distribution.
other significant changes may occur in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of operating as a company separate from agilent. for additional information about the past financial performance of our business and the basis of presentation of the historical combined and consolidated financial statements, see "selected historical combined and consolidated financial data," "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and the historical financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
potential indemnification liabilities to agilent pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the separation and distribution agreement provides for, among other things, indemnification obligations designed to make us financially responsible for any liabilities associated with assets used by our business; our failure to pay, perform or otherwise promptly discharge any such liabilities or contracts, in accordance with their respective terms, whether prior to, at or after the
distribution; any guarantee, indemnification obligation, surety bond or other credit support agreement, arrangement, commitment or understanding by agilent for our benefit, unless they are liabilities related to assets used in the agilent business; any breach by us of the separation agreement or any of the ancillary agreements or any action by us in contravention of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws; and any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, with respect to all information contained in the registration statement or any other disclosure document that describes the separation or the distribution or the company and its subsidiaries or primarily relates to the transactions contemplated by the separation and distribution agreement, subject to certain exceptions. if we are required to indemnify agilent under the circumstances set forth in the separation and distribution agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities.
in connection with our separation from agilent, agilent will indemnify us for certain liabilities. however, there can be no assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that agilent's ability to satisfy its indemnification obligation will not be impaired in the future.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement and certain other agreements with agilent, agilent agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. however, third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that agilent has agreed to retain, and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from agilent will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that agilent will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. in addition, agilent's insurers may attempt to deny us coverage for liabilities associated with certain occurrences of indemnified liabilities prior to the separation. moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from agilent or such insurance providers any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses. each of these risks could negatively affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
we will be subject to continuing contingent liabilities of agilent following the separation.
after the separation, there will be several significant areas where the liabilities of agilent may become our obligations. for example, under the code and the related rules and regulations, each corporation that was a member of the agilent u.s. consolidated group during a taxable period or portion of a taxable period ending on or before the effective time of the distribution is severally liable for the u.s. federal income tax liability of the entire agilent u.s. consolidated group for that taxable period. consequently, if agilent is unable to pay the consolidated u.s. federal income tax liability for a prior period, we could be required to pay the entire amount of such tax, which could be substantial and in excess of the amount allocated to it under the tax matters agreement between us and agilent. other provisions of federal law establish similar liability for other matters, including laws governing tax-qualified pension plans, as well as other contingent liabilities.
there could be significant liability if the distribution is determined to be a taxable transaction.
a condition to the distribution is that agilent received an opinion of baker & mckenzie llp, tax counsel to agilent, regarding the qualification of the separation and the distribution as a reorganization within the meaning of sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code. the opinion relies on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from agilent and keysight, including those regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses and other matters. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, agilent and its shareholders may not be able to rely on the opinion, and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. notwithstanding the opinion of tax counsel, the irs could determine on audit that the distribution is taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion.
if the distribution were determined to be taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes, agilent and its shareholders that are subject to u.s. federal income tax could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities. for example, if the distribution failed to qualify for tax-free treatment, agilent would for u.s. federal income tax purposes be treated as if it had sold the keysight common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and agilent's shareholders, who are subject to u.s. federal income tax, would be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of the keysight common stock received in the distribution. in addition, if the separation and distribution failed to qualify for tax-free treatment under federal, state and local tax law and/or foreign tax law, agilent (and, under the tax matters agreement described below, keysight) could incur significant tax liabilities under u.s. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax law.
under the tax matters agreement between agilent and keysight, we are generally required to indemnify agilent against taxes incurred by agilent that arise as a result of our taking or failing to take, as the case may be, certain actions that result in the distribution failing to meet the requirements of a tax-free distribution under section 355 of the code. under the tax matters agreement between agilent and keysight, we may also be required to indemnify agilent for other contingent tax liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our financial position.
we may not be able to engage in certain corporate transactions for a two-year period after the separation.
to preserve the tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes to agilent of the separation and distribution, under the tax matters agreement that we have entered into with agilent, we will be restricted from taking any action that prevents the separation and distribution from being tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes. under the tax matters agreement, for the two-year period following the distribution, we are prohibited, except in certain circumstances, from entering into acquisition, merger, liquidation, sale and stock redemption transactions with respect to our stock if such transactions, taken as a whole, would result in one or more persons acquiring forty percent (40%) or more of the outstanding keysight stock.
these restrictions may limit our ability to pursue certain strategic transactions or other transactions that it may believe to be in the best interests of our shareholders or that might increase the value of our business. in addition, under the tax matters agreement, we may be required to indemnify agilent against any such tax liabilities as a result of the acquisition of keysight's stock or assets, even if we did not participate in or otherwise facilitate the acquisition.
our accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared to meet the financial reporting and other requirements to which we are subject as an independent, publicly-traded company.
our financial results previously were included within the consolidated results of agilent, and we believe that our financial reporting and internal controls were appropriate for those of subsidiaries of a public company. however, we were not directly subject to the reporting and other requirements of the exchange act. as an independent, publicly-traded company, we are subject to reporting and other obligations under the exchange act, and we are required to comply with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (the "sarbanes-oxley act"), which will require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. the sarbanes-oxley act also requires that we obtain a report by our independent registered public accounting firm expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. these reporting and other obligations may place significant demands on our management, administrative and operational resources, including accounting systems and resources.
the exchange act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. under the sarbanes-oxley act, we are required to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. we expect to incur additional annual expenses for the purpose of addressing these requirements, and those expenses may be significant. if we are unable to upgrade our financial and management controls, reporting systems, information technology systems and procedures in a timely and effective fashion, our ability to comply with our financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies under the exchange act could be impaired. any failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
certain of our executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity interest in agilent and because certain converted keysight performance share awards held by them will be earned based on the performance of agilent.
the ownership by our executive officers and some of our directors of common shares of agilent may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest. because of their current or former positions with agilent, certain of our executive officers and directors own agilent common shares. the individual holdings of common shares may be significant for some of these persons compared to these persons' total assets. further, the fact that our executive officers hold certain converted keysight performance share awards which will be earned based on agilent's performance may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest. specifically, the outstanding agilent performance share awards with a fiscal year 2013-2015 performance period held by our executive officers were converted into performance share awards with respect to keysight common stock upon the separation, but will continue to be subject, for the remainder of the performance period, to the same performance criteria (agilent total shareholder return) as applied immediately prior to the separation. even though our board of directors consist of a majority of directors who are independent, and our executive officers ceased to be employees of agilent upon the separation, continuing ownership of agilent common shares by our executive officers and some of our directors, and continued application of performance criteria based on agilent total shareholder return to certain converted keysight performance share awards held by our executive officers, could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest if keysight and agilent pursue the same corporate opportunities or face decisions that could have different implications for keysight and agilent.
we may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the separation, and the separation may adversely affect our business.
we may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the separation, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. the separation and distribution is expected to provide the following benefits, among others:
•   a distinct investment identity allowing investors to evaluate the merits, performance and future prospects of keysight separately from agilent;
•   more effective pursuit of each company's distinct operating priorities and strategies;
•   more efficient allocation of capital for both agilent and keysight;
•   direct access by keysight to the capital markets; and
•   facilitation of incentive compensation arrangements for employees more directly tied to the performance of the relevant company's business, and potential enhancement of employee hiring and retention by, among other things, improving the alignment of management and employee incentives with performance and growth objectives, while at the same time creating an independent equity structure that will facilitate our ability to affect future acquisitions utilizing keysight common stock.
we may not achieve these and other anticipated benefits for a variety of reasons, including, among others: (i) the separation will require significant amounts of management's time and effort, which may divert management's attention from operating and growing our business; (ii) following the separation, we may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than if we were still a part of agilent; (iii) following the separation, our business will be less diversified and have less scale than agilent's business prior to the separation; and (iv) the other actions required to separate agilent's and our respective businesses could disrupt our operations. if we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits expected to result from the separation, or if such benefits are delayed, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
keysight or agilent may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that have been executed as part of the separation, or we may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when certain of the transaction agreements expire.
in connection with the separation, keysight and agilent have entered into a separation agreement and various other agreements, including a services agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, an intellectual property matters agreement, a trademark license agreement and a real estate matters agreement. the separation agreement, tax matters agreement, employee matters agreement, intellectual property matters agreement, trademark license agreement and real estate matters agreement determine the allocation of assets and liabilities between the companies following the separation for those respective areas and include any necessary indemnifications related to liabilities and obligations. the services agreement provides for the performance of certain services by each company for the benefit of the other for a period of time after the separation. we will rely on agilent to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. if agilent is unable to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur operational difficulties or losses. if we do not have in place our own systems and services, or if we do not have agreements with other providers of these services once certain transaction agreements expire, we may not be able to operate our business effectively and our profitability may decline. we are in the process of creating our own, or engaging third parties to provide, systems and services to replace many of the systems and services that agilent currently provides to us. however, we may not be successful in implementing these systems and services or in transitioning data from agilent's systems to our own.
as we build our information technology infrastructure and transition our data to our own systems, we could incur substantial additional costs and experience temporary business interruptions.
we expect to install and implement information technology infrastructure to support our critical business functions, including accounting and reporting, manufacturing process control, customer service, inventory control and distribution. we may incur temporary interruptions in business operations if we cannot transition effectively from agilent's existing transactional and operational systems, data centers and the transition services that support these functions as we replace these systems. we may not be successful in implementing our new systems and transitioning our data, and we may incur substantially higher costs for implementation than currently anticipated. our failure to avoid operational interruptions as we implement the new systems and replace agilent's information technology services, or our failure to implement the new systems and replace agilent's services successfully, could disrupt our business, adversely affect our ability to collect receivables from customers, and have a material adverse effect on our profitability. in addition, if we are unable to replicate or transition certain systems, our ability to comply with regulatory requirements could be impaired.
the one-time and ongoing costs of the spin-off may be greater than we expected.
we will incur costs in connection with our transition to being a stand-alone public company that relate primarily to accounting, tax, legal and other professional costs; financing costs in connection with obtaining our financing as a stand-alone company; compensation, such as modifications to certain incentive awards upon completion of the spin-off; recruiting and relocation costs associated with hiring our senior management personnel; and costs to separate assets and information systems. these costs, whether incurred before or after the spin-off, may be greater than anticipated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
potential liabilities may arise due to fraudulent transfer considerations, which would adversely affect our financial condition and our results of operations.
in connection with the separation and distribution, agilent has undertaken and will undertake several corporate restructuring transactions which, along with the separation and distribution, may be subject to federal and state fraudulent conveyance and transfer laws. if, under these laws, a court were to determine that, at the time of the separation and distribution, any entity involved in these restructuring transactions or the separation and distribution:
•   had remaining assets constituting unreasonably small capital; or
•   intended to incur, or believed it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay these debts as they matured, then the court could void the separation and distribution, in whole or in part, as a fraudulent conveyance or transfer. the court could then require our shareholders to return to agilent some or all of the shares of keysight common stock issued in the distribution, or require agilent or keysight, as the case may be, to fund liabilities of the other company for the benefit of creditors. the measure of insolvency will vary depending upon the jurisdiction whose law is being applied. generally, however, an entity would be considered insolvent if the fair value of its assets was less than the amount of its liabilities or if it incurred debt beyond its ability to repay the debt as it matures.
our common stock is listed on nyse under the ticker symbol "keys." the market price of our common stock may fluctuate widely, depending on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including:
•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results due to factors related to our business;
•   success or failure of our business strategy;
•   our ability to obtain third-party financing as needed;
•   announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions;
•   changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles;
•   the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock;
•   changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates;
•   the operating and share price performance of other comparable companies;
•   overall market fluctuations;
•   results from any material litigation or government investigations;
•   changes in laws or regulations affecting our business; and
•   general economic conditions and other external factors.
stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. these broad market fluctuations could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
in addition, when the market price of a company's shares drops significantly, shareholders often institute securities class action lawsuits against the company. a lawsuit against us could cause us to incur substantial costs and could divert the time and attention of management and other resources.
we do not currently expect to pay dividends on our common stock. the payment of any dividends in the future, and the timing and amount thereof, to our shareholders will fall within the discretion of our board of directors. the board's decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, restrictive covenants in our debt, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that the board deems relevant. we cannot guarantee that we will pay a dividend in the future or continue to pay any dividends if we commence paying dividends.
in the future, the percentage ownership in keysight may be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions or otherwise, including equity awards that we will be granting to our directors, officers and employees and purchases of our shares through our employee stock purchase plan. our employees will have options to purchase shares of our common stock after the distribution as a result of conversion of their agilent stock options to keysight stock options. our compensation committee has granted and will grant additional stock options or other stock-based awards to our employees and directors, from time to time, under our employee benefit plans. such awards will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
in addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our shareholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. for example, we could grant the holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences that we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.
certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and of delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of the company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock.
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain, and delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. these provisions include, among others:
•   the inability of our shareholders to call a special meeting;
•   the inability of our shareholders to act without a meeting of shareholders;
•   rules regarding how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings;
•   the right of our board to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval;
•   the division of our board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term, and this classified board provision could have the effect of making the replacement of incumbent directors more time consuming and difficult;
•   a provision that shareholders may only remove directors with cause;
•   the ability of our directors, and not shareholders, to fill vacancies on our board of directors; and
•   the requirement that the affirmative vote of shareholders holding at least 80% of our voting stock is required to amend certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (relating to the number, term and removal of our directors, the filling of our board vacancies, the advance notice to be given for nominations for elections of directors, the calling of special meetings of shareholders, shareholder action by written consent, the ability of the board of directors to amend the bylaws, elimination of liability of directors to the extent permitted by delaware law, exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders and amendments of the certificate of incorporation) and certain provisions in our amended and restated bylaws (relating to the calling of special meetings of shareholders, the business that may be conducted or considered at annual or special meetings, the advance notice of shareholder business and nominations, shareholder action by written consent, the number, tenure, qualifications and removal of our directors, the filling of our board vacancies, director and officer indemnification and amendments of the bylaws).
in addition, because we have not chosen to be exempt from section 203 of the delaware general corporation law (the "dgcl"), this provision could also delay or prevent a change of control that some shareholders may favor. section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15% of the outstanding voting stock of a delaware corporation (an "interested stockholder") shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which the person became an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to such time, the board of directors of such corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; (ii) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of such corporation at the time the transaction commenced (excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) the voting stock owned by directors who are also officers or held in employee benefit plans in which the employees do not have a confidential right to tender or vote stock held by the plan); or (iii) on or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the
board of directors of such corporation and authorized at a meeting of shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation not owned by the interested stockholder.
we believe these provisions will protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. these provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. however, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of the company and our shareholders. these provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
in addition, an acquisition or further issuance of our stock could trigger the application of section 355(e) of the code. under the tax matters agreement, we would be required to indemnify agilent for the resulting tax, and this indemnity obligation might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control that some shareholders may consider favorable.
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates that the state courts in the state of delaware or, if no state court located within the state of delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the district of delaware, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could discourage lawsuits against the company and our directors and officers.
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that unless the board of directors otherwise determines, the state courts in the state of delaware or, if no state court located within the state of delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the district of delaware, will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers to the company or our shareholders, any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers arising pursuant to any provision of the dgcl or keysight's amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers governed by the internal affairs doctrine. this exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such shareholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors and officers.
if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline.
the trading market for our common stock depends, to some extent, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us and our business. we do not have any control over these analysts and the reports they issue. if our financial performance fails to meet analyst estimates or one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or negatively change their opinion of our shares, our share price would likely decline. if one or more analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion in conjunction with the combined and consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements. the forward-looking statements contained herein include, without limitation, statements regarding trends, seasonality, cyclicality and growth in, and drivers of, the markets we sell into, our strategic direction, our future effective tax rate and tax valuation allowance, earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, remediation activities, new product and service introductions, the ability of our products to meet market needs, changes to our manufacturing processes, the use of contract manufacturers, the impact of local government regulations on our ability to pay vendors or conduct operations, our liquidity position, our ability to generate cash from operations, growth in our businesses, our investments, the potential impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, our financial results, our purchase commitments, our contributions to our pension plans, the selection of discount rates and recognition of any gains or losses for our benefit plans, our cost-control activities, savings and headcount reduction recognized from our restructuring programs and other cost saving initiatives, and other regulatory approvals, the integration of our acquisitions and other transactions, our transition to lower-cost regions, and the existence of economic instability, that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to various factors, including those discussed in item 1a and elsewhere in this form 10-k.
basis of presentation and separation from agilent on november 1, 2014, keysight technologies, inc. ("we," "our," "keysight" or "the company") became an independent publicly-traded company through the distribution by agilent technologies, inc. ("agilent") of 100 percent of the outstanding common stock of keysight to agilent's shareholders (the "separation"). each agilent shareholder of record as of the close of business on october 22, 2014, received one share of keysight common stock for every two shares of agilent common stock held on the record date. keysight was incorporated in delaware on december 6, 2013 and is comprised of agilent's former electronic measurement business. keysight's registration statement on form 10 was declared effective by the u.s. securities and exchange commission on october 6, 2014. keysight's common stock began trading "regular-way" under the ticker symbol "keys" on the new york stock exchange on november 3, 2014.
prior to the distribution, agilent transferred substantially all of the assets and liabilities and operations of the electronic measurement business to keysight in august 2014 ("the capitalization"). combined financial statements prior to the capitalization were prepared on a stand-alone basis and were derived from agilent's consolidated financial statements and accounting records. the combined financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k reflect our financial position, results of operations, comprehensive income and cash flows as our business was operated as part of agilent prior to the capitalization. following the capitalization the consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the company and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. all periods have been accounted for in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
for periods prior to the capitalization, the combined and consolidated financial statements included the allocation of certain assets and liabilities that were historically held at the agilent level but which were specifically identified or allocated to us. cash and cash equivalents held by agilent were not allocated to us. agilent's debt and related interest expense were not allocated to us since we are not the legal obligor of the debt and agilent's borrowings were not directly attributable to us. in addition, prior to the capitalization, all intercompany transactions between us and agilent were considered to be effectively settled at the time the transactions were recorded. all cash generated by our business was assumed to be remitted to the agilent subsidiary located in the same legal entity or country. the total net effect of the settlement of these intercompany transactions prior to the capitalization is reflected in the combined and consolidated statement of cash flows as a financing activity and in the combined and consolidated balance sheet as agilent net investment.
on october 15, 2014, we issued $500 million of 3.30 percent senior notes due in 2019 and $600 million of 4.55 percent senior notes due in 2024. a portion of the proceeds from the offering was used to make a $900 million cash distribution to agilent in october 2014. we intend to use the remaining proceeds to fund working capital and other liquidity needs.
the combined and consolidated statement of operations includes our direct expenses for cost of products and services sold, research and development, sales and marketing, distribution, and administration as well as allocations of expenses arising from shared services and infrastructure provided by agilent to us. these allocated expenses include costs of information technology, accounting and legal services, real estate and facilities, corporate advertising, insurance services, treasury and other corporate and infrastructure services. in addition, other costs allocated to us include restructuring costs, share-based compensation expense and
retirement plan expenses related to agilent's corporate and shared services employees. these expenses are allocated to us using estimates that we consider to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or benefits received by us. these costs have been allocated to us on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a pro-rata basis of revenue, square footage, headcount or other measures.
we expect agilent to continue to provide some of these services related to these functions on a transitional basis for a fee, which will be partially offset by other income from keysight services provided to agilent. these services will be received or provided under a transition services agreement. we do not expect the net costs associated with the transition services agreement to be materially different than the historical costs that have been allocated to us related to these same services.
we also expect to incur other incremental costs as an independent, publicly traded company as compared to the costs historically allocated to us by agilent. these incremental costs are estimated to be approximately $20 million on an annual pre-tax basis. for the fiscal year 2014, we recognized $78 million of non-recurring transaction and pre-separation costs. we expect to recognize additional non-recurring transaction and separation costs, which are currently estimated to range from $25 million to $30 million through fiscal 2016. these costs are expected to include, among other things, branding, legal, accounting and other advisory fees and other costs to separate and transition from agilent.
overview and executive summary we provide electronic measurement instruments and systems and related software, software design tools, and related services that are used in the design, development, manufacture, installation, deployment and operation of electronics equipment. related services include start-up assistance, instrument productivity and application services and instrument calibration and repair. we also offer customization, consulting and optimization services throughout the customer's product lifecycle.
historically, we conducted our business in one reportable operating segment for agilent. in fiscal 2014, in conjunction with the planned separation, we implemented changes in our organizational structure which resulted in the formation of two reportable operating segments, measurement solutions and customer support and services. the measurement solutions segment is primarily the hardware and associated software businesses serving the electronic measurement market. the customer support and services segment provides repair and calibration of the hardware measurement solutions and the resale of used instrument equipment.
total orders in 2014 were $2,963 million, an increase of 3 percent when compared to 2013. orders increased in all market segments including aerospace and defense; industrial, computer, and semiconductor test; and communications test. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point on the year‐over‐year comparison. orders of $2,866 million in 2013 declined 13 percent when compared to 2012 on declines in all market segments, including aerospace and defense; industrial, computer and semiconductor test; and communications test.
net revenue of $2,933 million in 2014 increased 2 percent when compared to 2013, with industrial, computer and semiconductor test contributing 2 percentage points of the increase, and communication test contributing 1 percentage point of the increase, partially offset by a decline in aerospace and defense revenue. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point on the year over year comparison. net revenue of $2,888 million in 2013 declined 13 percent when compared to 2012, with lower communications test revenue contributing 8 percentage points of the decline, and lower industrial, computer and semiconductor test revenue further decreasing revenue by approximately 5 percentage points, while aerospace and defense was flat year over year.
looking forward, while we believe the long-term growth rate of our markets is 3 to 4 percent, we expect lower fiscal 2015 market growth in the range of 2.5 to 3.5 percent. as an independent publicly-traded company, we are focused on growing in our markets while meeting our financial commitments. we intend to leverage our unique formula of hardware plus software plus people to create value for our customers and shareholders.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our combined and consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable. although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions that may impact the company in the future, actual results may be different from the estimates. an accounting policy
is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur could materially change the financial statements. our critical accounting policies are those that affect our financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. those policies are revenue recognition, inventory valuation, allocation methods and allocated expenses from agilent, share-based compensation, retirement and post-retirement plan assumptions, valuation of goodwill and purchased intangible assets, restructuring and accounting for income taxes.
revenue recognition.    we enter into agreements to sell products (hardware and/or software), services, and other arrangements (multiple-element arrangements) that include combinations of products and services. revenue from product sales, net of trade discounts and allowances, is recognized provided that persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. delivery is considered to have occurred when title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer, for products, or when the service has been provided. revenue is reduced for estimated product returns, when appropriate. for sales that include customer-specified acceptance criteria, revenue is recognized after the acceptance criteria have been met. for products that include installation, if the installation meets the criteria to be considered a separate element, product revenue is recognized upon delivery, and recognition of installation revenue occurs when the installation is complete. otherwise, neither the product nor the installation revenue is recognized until the installation is complete. revenue from services is deferred and recognized over the contractual period or as services are rendered and accepted by the customer. we allocate revenue to each element in our multiple-element arrangements based upon their relative selling prices. we determine the selling price for each deliverable based on a selling price hierarchy. the selling price for a deliverable is based on our vendor specific objective evidence ("vsoe") if available, third-party evidence ("tpe") if vsoe is not available, or estimated selling price ("esp") if neither vsoe nor tpe is available. revenue from the sale of software products that are not required to deliver the tangible product's essential functionality are accounted for under software revenue recognition rules. revenue allocated to each element is then recognized when the basic revenue recognition criteria for that element have been met. the amount of product revenue recognized is affected by our judgments as to whether an arrangement includes multiple elements.
we use vsoe of selling price in the selling price allocation in all instances where it exists. vsoe of selling price for products and services is determined when a substantial majority of the selling prices fall within a reasonable range when sold separately. tpe of selling price can be established by evaluating largely interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. as our products contain a significant element of proprietary technology and the solution offered differs substantially from that of competitors, it is difficult to obtain the reliable standalone competitive pricing necessary to establish tpe. esp represents the best estimate of the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a standalone basis. we determine esp for a product or service by using historical selling prices which reflect multiple factors including, but not limited to customer type, geography, market conditions, competitive landscape, gross margin objectives and pricing practices. the determination of esp is made through consultation with and approval by management. we may modify or develop new pricing practices and strategies in the future. as these pricing strategies evolve, changes may occur in esp. the aforementioned factors may result in a different allocation of revenue to the deliverables in multiple-element arrangements, which may change the pattern and timing of revenue recognition for these elements but will not change the total revenue recognized for the arrangement.
inventory valuation.    we assess the valuation of our inventory on a periodic basis and make adjustments to the value for estimated excess and obsolete inventory based upon estimates about future demand and actual usage. such estimates are difficult to make under most economic conditions. the excess balance determined by this analysis becomes the basis for our excess inventory charge. our excess inventory review process includes analysis of sales forecasts, managing product rollovers and working with manufacturing to maximize recovery of excess inventory. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional write-downs may be required. if actual market conditions are more favorable than anticipated, inventory previously written down may be sold to customers, resulting in lower cost of sales and higher income from operations than expected in that period.
allocations. agilent allocated certain costs such as share-based compensation expense and retirement and post-retirement benefit plan expense relating to our employees and agilent's corporate and shared services employees. these expenses were subject to certain underlying assumptions mentioned below.
share-based compensation.    prior to the separation, keysight employees participated in agilent's stock program. share-based compensation expense has been allocated to us based on keysight employees participating in agilent's stock plan and our share of agilent's corporate and shared services employee costs based on our share of revenue. agilent accounts for share-based awards in accordance with the authoritative guidance where share-based compensation expense is primarily based on estimated grant date fair value and is recognized on a straight-line basis. the fair value of share-based awards for employee stock option awards was estimated using the black-scholes option pricing model. shares granted under the long-term performance ("ltp") program were valued using the monte carlo simulation model. the estimated fair value of restricted stock unit awards is determined
based on the market price of agilent's common stock on the date of grant adjusted for expected dividend yield. the employee stock purchase plan ("espp") allows eligible employees to purchase shares of agilent's common stock at 85 percent of the purchase price and uses the purchase date to establish the fair market value. both the black-scholes and monte carlo simulation fair-value models require the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions used by agilent, including the option's expected life and the price volatility of agilent stock. the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based awards represent agilent's best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. although we believe the assumptions and estimates made are reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions could materially impact our reported financial results.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions.  prior to the capitalization, substantially all of our employees were covered under various defined benefit and/or defined contribution retirement plans sponsored by agilent. we have accounted for our employee participation in agilent's defined benefit retirement plans and the post‐retirement health care plan as multiemployer plans. as a result, no asset or liability was recorded by us to recognize the funded status of such plans in our combined and consolidated balance sheet prior to the capitalization. at the capitalization, the assets and liabilities of these plans that were allocable to keysight employees were transferred to keysight plans; therefore, the plans are no longer considered multi-employer plans.
our combined and consolidated statements of operations include expense that has been allocated to us based on keysight employees participating in these plans and our share of agilent's corporate and shared services employee costs. we consider the expense allocation methodology and results to be reasonable for all periods presented. at capitalization, we established defined benefit retirement and post-retirement plans for our current and former employees. the defined benefit retirement and post- retirement obligations relating to those participants in these plans were transferred from agilent's plans to our defined benefit plans. a proportionate share of the defined benefit plan assets was allocated from the agilent pension trust in each applicable country to a newly established keysight pension trust. subject to local law, it is anticipated that the share of assets allocated to us will be in the same proportion as the projected benefit obligation of our participants to the total projected benefit obligation of agilent.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. they represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future benefit costs over the employees' average expected future service to keysight based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. to estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. two critical assumptions are the discount rate and the expected long-term return on plan assets. other important assumptions include, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and investment portfolio composition. we evaluate these assumptions at least annually.
the discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the measurement date, which is october 31 for both u.s. and non-u.s. plans. for 2014, the u.s. discount rates were based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetically constructed bond portfolio. for 2014, the discount rate for non-u.s. plans was generally based on published rates for high-quality corporate bonds. if we changed our discount rate by 1 percent, the impact would be $4 million on u.s. net periodic benefit cost and $12 million on non-u.s. net periodic benefit cost. lower discount rates increase the present value of the liability and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease the present value of the liability and subsequent year pension expense.
the company uses alternate methods of amortization, as allowed by the authoritative guidance, that amortizes the actuarial gains and losses on a consistent basis for the years presented. for u.s. plans, gains and losses are amortized over the average future working lifetime. for most non-u.s. plans and u.s. post-retirement benefit plans, gains and losses are amortized using a separate layer for each year's gains and losses. the expected long-term return on plan assets is estimated using current and expected asset allocations as well as historical and expected returns. plan assets are valued at fair value. if we changed our estimated return on assets by 1 percent, the impact would be $7 million on u.s. net periodic benefit cost and $13 million on non-u.s. net periodic benefit cost.
goodwill and other intangible assets. we review goodwill for impairment annually during our fourth fiscal quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. as defined in the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment. we aggregated components of an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics into our reporting units. at the time of an acquisition, we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
companies have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether performing the two-step quantitative
test is necessary. if an entity believes, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not (i.e. > 50% chance) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test will be required. otherwise, no further testing will be required.
the guidance includes examples of events and circumstances that might indicate that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount. these examples include macro-economic conditions such as deterioration in the entity's operating environment or industry or market considerations; entity-specific events such as increasing costs, declining financial performance, or loss of key personnel; or other events such as an expectation that a reporting unit will be sold or a sustained decrease in the stock price on either an absolute basis or relative to peers. the qualitative indicators replace those previously used to determine whether an interim goodwill impairment test is required. if it is determined, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the provisions of authoritative guidance require that we perform a two-step impairment test on goodwill. in the first step, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. the second step, if necessary, measures the amount of impairment by applying fair-value-based tests to the individual assets and liabilities within each reporting unit.
historically we conducted our business in a single operating segment and reporting unit. in fiscal 2014, in conjunction with the planned separation, we implemented changes in our organizational structure which resulted in the formation of two reportable operating segments. in fiscal year 2014, we assessed goodwill impairment for our two reporting units which consisted of our two segments, measurement solutions and customer support and services. we performed a quantitative test of goodwill impairment for both reporting units as of september 30, 2014. based on the results of our testing, the fair value for both reporting units was significantly in excess of the carrying value. there was no impairment of goodwill during the years ended october 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. each quarter we review the events and circumstances to determine if goodwill impairment is indicated.
warranty.    our standard warranty term for most of our products from the date of delivery is typically three years, which increased from one year in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. we accrue for standard warranty costs based on historical trends in warranty charges as a percentage of net product revenue. the accrual is reviewed regularly and periodically adjusted to reflect changes in warranty cost estimates. estimated warranty charges are recorded within cost of products at the time related product revenue is recognized.
we also sell extended warranties that provide warranty coverage beyond the standard warranty term. revenue associated with extended warranties is deferred and recognized over the extended coverage period.
restructuring.  the main component of our restructuring plan is related to workforce reductions. workforce reduction charges are accrued when payment of benefits becomes probable and the amounts can be estimated. if the amounts and timing of cash flows from restructuring activities are significantly different from what we have estimated, the actual amount of restructuring and other related charges could be materially different, either higher or lower, than those we have recorded.
accounting for income taxes.    we must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period.
significant management judgment is also required in determining whether deferred tax assets will be realized in full or in part. when it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of specific deferred tax assets such as net operating losses or foreign tax credit carryforwards will not be realized, a valuation allowance must be established for the amount of the deferred tax assets that cannot be realized. we consider all available positive and negative evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis when assessing whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. we consider evidence such as our past operating results, the existence of losses in recent years and our forecast of future taxable income. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 we released the valuation allowance for the majority of our u.s. deferred tax assets. at october 31, 2014, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance for certain u.s. state and foreign deferred tax assets. we intend to maintain a valuation allowance in these jurisdictions until sufficient positive evidence exists to support its reversal.
we have not provided for all u.s. federal income and foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of some of our foreign subsidiaries because we intend to reinvest such earnings permanently. should we decide to remit this income to the u.s. in a future period, our provision for income taxes will increase materially in that period.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. the ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties may differ from what is currently estimated, which could result in a material impact on income tax expense. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. we include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes in the combined and consolidated statements of operations.
we have calculated our taxes on a separate return basis. however, the amounts recorded are not necessarily representative of the amounts that would have been reflected in the financial statements had we been an entity that operated independently of agilent. it is possible that we will make different tax accounting elections and assertions, such as the amount of earnings that will be permanently reinvested outside the u.s. following our distribution from agilent. consequently, our future results after our separation from agilent may be materially different from our historical results.
adoption of new pronouncements see note 2, "new accounting pronouncements," to the combined and consolidated financial statements for a description of new accounting pronouncements.
restructuring in fiscal 2013, we recognized $15 million of restructuring charges associated with the targeted headcount reduction of approximately 200 regular employees, representing approximately 2 percent of our global workforce. through the end of fiscal 2014, approximately $11 million was paid out under this program for the termination of 145 employees and $3 million of accrual has been reversed related to 40 employees who have been redeployed within the company. as of october 31, 2014, we have a remaining accrual of $1 million and have substantially completed this program.
foreign currency our revenues, costs and expenses, and monetary assets and liabilities are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our global operating and financing activities. we hedge revenues, expenses and balance sheet exposures that are not denominated in the functional currencies of our subsidiaries on a short-term and anticipated basis on our behalf. the result of the hedging has been included in our combined and consolidated statement of operations. we do experience some fluctuations within individual lines of the combined and consolidated balance sheet and statement of operations because our hedging program is not designed to offset the currency movements in each category of revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities. our hedging program is designed to hedge currency movements on a relatively short-term basis (up to a rolling twelve- month period). therefore, we are exposed to currency fluctuations over the longer term. to the extent that we are required to pay for all, or portions, of an acquisition price in foreign currencies, we may enter into foreign exchange contracts to reduce the risk that currency movements will impact the u.s. dollar cost of the transaction.
prior to the capitalization, we were under agilent's hedging program and none of the financial instruments used in agilent's hedging program were included in our combined and consolidated balance sheet.
orders and net revenue in general, recorded orders represent firm purchase commitments from our customers with established terms and conditions for products and services that will be delivered within six months. revenue reflects the delivery and acceptance of the products and services as defined on the customer's terms and conditions. cancellations are recorded in the period received from the customer and historically have not been material.
% change         % change
ppts change      ppts change
total orders increased 3 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. orders increased in all market segments including aerospace and defense; industrial, computer, and semiconductor test; and communications test. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point on the year-over-year compare. our orders declined 13 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. orders were lower for all market segments, including aerospace and defense; industrial, computer, and semiconductor test; and communications test.
net revenue of $2,933 million for 2014 increased 2 percent as compared to 2013, with modest growth in industrial, computer and semiconductor test contributing 2 percentage points of the increase, and communication test contributing 1 percentage point of the increase, partially offset by a decline in aerospace and defense revenue. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point on the year-over-year compare. revenue from asia pacific, excluding japan, grew 8 percent driven by growth in communication test and industrials, computer and semiconductor test. europe revenue increased 5 percent year-over-year from growth in communications test. americas revenues declined 3 percent year-over-year with lower aerospace and defense and communications test. japan revenues declined 9 percent year-over-year, with declines in all market segments. revenue from products increased 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013 while service related revenue was flat. revenue declined 13 percent in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to lower wireless manufacturing and industrial, computer and semiconductor test demand.
communications test revenue, representing approximately 34 percent of our total revenue, increased year-over-year with increases in wireless manufacturing and broadband communications business, partially offset by modest declines in wireless r&d. wireless manufacturing growth continues to be driven by 4g base station investments, mainly for china. broadband showed solid growth impacted by demand for datacom bandwidth. wireless r&d continues to be affected by cautious customer spending driven by consolidation and restructuring activities throughout the industry, across device, network equipment, chipset and component manufacturers. in 2013, communications test revenue declined compared to 2012 due to significantly lower wireless manufacturing demand and modest declines in wireless r&d.
aerospace and defense business, representing approximately 22 percent of our total revenue, decreased compared to 2013, with declines in all regions, however we saw positive growth in the last half of fiscal 2014. in 2013, aerospace and defense test, representing approximately 23 percent of total revenue, was flat compared to 2012, with lower demand in the americas offset by stronger spending in europe.
industrial, computer and semiconductor test revenue, representing approximately 44 percent of total business, increased year-over-year compared to 2013. the computer and semiconductor increase was driven by investment in capacity growth and the overall strength in the semiconductor market. the industrial test business grew for the year with particular strength in the last fiscal quarter driven by growth in the americas and asia pacific, excluding japan. in 2012, industrial, computer and semiconductor test represented approximately 43 percent of the total business with slight growth in computer and semiconductor business.
backlog backlog represents the amount of revenue expected from orders that have already been booked, including orders for goods and services that have not been delivered to customers, orders invoiced but not yet recognized as revenue, and orders for goods that were shipped but not invoiced, awaiting acceptance by customers.
at october 31, 2014, our unfilled backlog was approximately $781 million as compared to approximately $761 million at october 31, 2013. for the measurement solutions business, our unfilled backlog was approximately $627 million at october 31, 2014 as compared to approximately $563 million at october 31, 2013. within our customer services and support business, our unfilled backlog was approximately $154 million at october 31, 2014 as compared to approximately $198 million at october 31, 2013. the reduction in the customer services and support business backlog in fiscal 2014 was primarily due to a change in our standard warranty term, which increased from one to three years for most of our products in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. revenue associated with extended warranties, which provide coverage beyond the standard warranty term, is deferred and amortized over the extended period of coverage. as a result of the extension of the standard warranty term, backlog associated with extended warranties has declined. three year warranty is now included as part of the total solution, and the value is captured as part of the system sale.
we expect that a majority of the unfilled backlog will be recognized as revenue within six months. on average, our unfilled backlog represents approximately three months' worth of revenue. we believe backlog on any particular date, while indicative of short-term revenue performance, is not necessarily a reliable indicator of medium or long-term revenue performance.
costs and expenses years ended october 31,   2014 over 2013   2013 over 2012
change           change
research and development                 $361      $375      $377   (4)%   (1)%
gross margin declined 1 percentage point in 2014 compared to 2013 on slightly higher revenue. higher inventory charges and pricing pressure in the wireless manufacturing market were the primary reasons for the lower gross margin. gross margin declined 1 percentage point in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to lower sales volume, while declines in variable and incentive pay and reduced infrastructure spending were offset by higher excess and obsolete inventory charges, wage increases, acquisition and integration costs, and restructuring expenses.
excess and obsolete inventory charges were $33 million in 2014, $21 million in 2013 and $14 million in 2012. sales of previously written-down inventory were $1 million in each of 2014, 2013 and 2012.
research and development expenses declined 4 percent in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to lower infrastructure-related expenses. research and development expenses declined 1 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. reductions in development spending, variable and incentive pay, and infrastructure-related expenses, and the favorable impact of currency movements were partially offset by investments in acquisitions and wage increases.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 5 percent in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to higher costs related to non-recurring pre-separation transaction costs and an increase in marketing expenses, partially offset by reductions in infrastructure costs and the favorable impact of currency movements. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 2 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. reductions in discretionary spending, lower variable and incentive pay, and the favorable impact of currency movements were partially offset by wage increases.
operating margins declined 1 percentage point in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily driven by one-time separation costs. operating margins declined by 5 percentage points in 2013 compared to 2012 on lower revenue partially offset by reduced operating expenses. as of october 31, 2014, our headcount was approximately 9,600.
provision (benefit) for income taxes   $83                 $44                 $(95      )
for 2014, the effective tax rate was 18 percent.  the 18 percent effective tax is lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the mix of earnings in non-u.s. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory tax rates; in particular singapore, where we enjoyed tax holidays for the first three quarters of 2014, which resulted in a decrease to income tax expense of $40 million. the current year rate was also favorably impacted by a $55 million benefit from a prior year reserve release, which was offset by $62m tax expense as a result of the repatriation of foreign earnings.
for 2013, the effective tax rate was 9 percent. the 9 percent effective tax is lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the mix of earnings in non-u.s. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory tax rates; in particular singapore where we enjoy tax holidays.
for 2012, the effective tax rate was 13 percent. the 13 percent effective tax rate reflects tax on earnings in jurisdictions that have low effective tax rates and includes a $227 million tax benefit due to the reversal of a valuation allowance for our u.s. federal deferred tax assets. valuation allowances require an assessment of both positive and negative evidence when determining whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. such assessment is required on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. in the fourth quarter of 2012, management concluded that the valuation allowance for our u.s. federal deferred tax assets is no longer needed primarily due to the emergence from cumulative losses in recent years, the return to sustainable u.s. operating profits and the expectation of sustainable profitability in future periods. as of october 31, 2012, the cumulative positive evidence outweighed the negative evidence regarding the likelihood that most of the deferred tax asset for our u.s. combined income tax group will be realized. accordingly, we recognized a non-recurring tax benefit of $227 million in 2012 relating to the valuation allowance reversal. the effective tax rate also included a non-recurring tax expense of $80 million relating to an increase in the overall residual tax expected to be imposed upon the repatriation of unremitted foreign earnings previously considered permanently reinvested. during the fourth quarter of 2012, we assessed the forecasted cash needs and the overall financial position of our foreign subsidiaries and determined that a portion of previously permanently reinvested earnings would no longer be reinvested overseas.
we enjoyed tax holidays in several different jurisdictions, most significantly in singapore through the third quarter of fiscal 2014, and several jurisdictions have granted or are anticipated to grant us tax incentives that require renewal at various times in the future, most significant being in singapore. the tax holidays provide lower rates of taxation on certain classes of income and require various thresholds of investments and employment or specific types of income in those jurisdictions. the tax holidays are due for renewal between 2015 and 2023. as a result of the incentives, the impact of the tax holidays decreased income taxes by $40 million, $68 million and $96 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. we include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes in the combined and condensed statements of operations.
in the united states, agilent's tax years remain open back to the year 2008 for federal income tax purposes and the year 2000 for significant states. on january 29, 2014 agilent reached an agreement with the irs for the tax years 2006 through 2007 that, in the first quarter of fiscal 2014, resulted in $55 million of tax benefit associated with the recognition of previously unrecognized u.s. federal and state tax benefits and the reversal of the related interest accruals resulting from this agreement. agilent's u.s. federal income tax returns for 2008 through 2011 are currently under audit by the irs. in other major jurisdictions where we conduct business, the tax years generally remain open back to the year 2003. with these jurisdictions and the united states, it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitation or a tax audit settlement. given the number of years and numerous matters that remain subject to examination in various tax jurisdictions, management is unable to estimate the range of possible changes to the balance of our unrecognized tax benefits.
we have calculated our taxes on a separate return basis. however, the amounts recorded are not necessarily representative of the amounts that would have been reflected in the financial statements had we been an entity that operated independently of agilent. consequently our future results after our separation from agilent may be materially different from our historical results.
segment overview we have two reportable operating segments, measurement solutions and customer support and services. the measurement solutions segment is primarily the hardware and associated software businesses serving the electronic measurement market. the customer support and services segment provides repair and calibration of the hardware measurement solutions and the resale of used instrument equipment.
measurement solutions business our measurement solutions business provides electronic measurement instruments and systems with related software and software design tools that are used in the design, development, manufacture, installation, deployment and operation of electronics equipment. we provide start-up assistance, consulting, optimization and application support throughout the customer's product lifecycle. our electronic measurement solutions serve the following markets: communications test, aerospace and defense test, and industrial, computer and semiconductor test.
change           change
measurement solutions net revenue in 2014 increased 2 percent compared to 2013, with modest growth in industrial, computer and semiconductor test contributing to 2 percentage points of the increase, and communication test contributing 1 percentage point of the increase, partially offset by a decline in aerospace and defense revenue. measurement solutions net revenue in 2013 declined 15 percent compared to 2012 primarily on lower communications test and industrial, computer and semiconductor test demand.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the measurement solutions business' margins, expenses and income from operations for 2014 versus 2013, and 2013 versus 2012.
change           change
research and development                 $348      $356      $367   (2)%    (3)%
gross margin in 2014 decreased 1 percentage point when compared to 2013 primarily due to higher inventory charges and and pricing pressure in the wireless manufacturing market. gross margin in 2013 remained flat when compared to 2012 primarily due to the lower sales volume, offset by the favorable impact of a lower proportion of wireless manufacturing business.
research and development expenses decreased 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily driven by lower infrastructure costs. research and development expenses decreased 3 percent in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily driven by reductions in variable and incentive pay, discretionary spending and infrastructure related expenses. we remain committed to invest in research and development and have focused our development efforts on key strategic opportunities in order to align our business with available markets.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. decreases in infrastructure costs were partially offset by increases in marketing and discretionary spending. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased
customer support and services business our customer support and services business provides repair and calibration services for our installed base measurement solutions customers and facilitates the resale of used equipment. our customer support and services business enables our customers to maximize the value from their electronic measurement equipment and strengthen customer loyalty. providing these services assures a high level of instrument performance and availability while minimizing the cost of ownership and downtime.
change           change
customer support and business net revenue in 2014 increased 1 percent compared to 2013. growth in calibration services and remarketing sales of used equipment was partially offset by declines in the equipment repair business due to a reduction in extended warranty revenue as a result of extension of the standard warranty term from one to three years, as discussed previously under "backlog." customer support and services net revenue in 2013 increased 6 percent compared to 2012 on slightly higher repair and calibration services and stronger demand for remarketed equipment.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the customer support and services business' margins, expenses and income from operations for 2014 versus 2013, and 2013 versus 2012.
change           change
research and development                $10     $10      $8   -%      20%
gross margins in 2014 decreased 2 percentage points compared to 2013. increased costs for extended warranty contracts and the service mix change with increased calibrations were the primary reasons for the lower gross margins. gross margin in 2013 was flat compared to 2012.
research and development expenses for customer support and services represent the segment's share of centralized investment. research and development expenses were flat in 2014 compared to 2013, driven mainly by our continued investment in instrument products. research and development expenses increased 20 percent in 2013 compared to 2012 due to an increase in centralized research and development allocations.
operating margins decreased by 2 percentage points in 2014 compared to 2013. revenue growth was more than offset by the reductions in gross margins. operating margin increased by 2 percentage points in 2013 compared to 2012 mainly due to favorable gross margin from higher revenue with slightly lower operating expenses.
financial condition liquidity and capital resources historically, agilent has provided financing, cash management and other treasury services to us. cash transferred to and from agilent has been recorded as intercompany payables and receivables which are reflected in agilent net investment in the accompanying historical combined and consolidated financial statements. we believe our cash generated from operations and our ability to access capital markets and credit lines will satisfy, for at least the next twelve months, our liquidity requirements, both globally and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, business acquisitions, contractual obligations, commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations.
although the cash generated in the u.s. from future operations, including any cash and non-permanently invested earnings repatriated to the u.s., is expected to cover our normal operating requirements and debt service requirements, a substantial amount of additional cash could be required for other purposes, such as the maturity of our current and future debt obligations, any dividends that may be declared, any future stock repurchase programs and any u.s. acquisitions. if in the future, after our separation from agilent, we encounter a significant need for liquidity domestically or at a particular location that it cannot fulfill through borrowings, equity offerings, or other internal or external sources, we may determine that cash repatriations are necessary. repatriation could result in additional material u.s. federal and state income tax payments in future years. such adverse consequences would occur, for example, if the transfer of cash into the u.s. is taxed and no foreign tax credit is available to offset the u.s. tax liability, resulting in higher taxes. these factors may cause us to have an overall tax rate higher than our tax rates have been in the past. we utilize a variety of funding strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed.
our financial position as of october 31, 2014 consisted of cash and cash equivalents of $810 million as compared to zero as of october 31, 2013. cash of approximately $74 million, which amount is subject to final determination as provided in the separation and distribution agreement, will be returned to agilent. as of october 31, 2014, approximately $598 million of our cash and cash equivalents is held outside of the u.s. in our foreign subsidiaries.
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $563 million in 2014 as compared to $566 million provided in 2013 and $724 million provided in 2012. agilent paid most taxes and pension contributions on our behalf. we paid net taxes of approximately $4 million in 2014.
in 2014, accounts receivable used cash of $25 million, provided cash of $44 million in 2013 and used cash of $3 million in 2012. days' sales outstanding were 44 days in 2014, 42 days in 2013 and 43 days in 2012. accounts payable provided cash of $32 million in 2014, used cash of $24 million in 2013 and used cash of $23 million in 2012. cash used in inventory was $31 million in 2014, $53 million in 2013 and $46 million in 2012. inventory days on-hand decreased to 137 days in 2014 compared to 143 days in 2013 and 118 days in 2012. the increase in days on-hand between 2013 and 2012 was due to the reduced shipment volume within our business.
agilent contributed $15 million on our behalf to our u.s. multi-employer plans in each of 2014, 2013 and 2012. agilent contributed $41 million, $45 million and $30 million to our non-u.s. multi-employer plans in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. there were no contributions to the u.s. multi-employer post-retirement health care plan for the years ended october 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. at the capitalization, the assets and liabilities of these plans that were allocable to keysight employees were transferred to keysight plans; therefore, the plans are no longer considered multi-employer plans.
net cash provided by/used in investing activities
net cash used in investing activities in 2014 was $82 million as compared to net cash used of $85 million in 2013 and $172 million in 2012.
purchases of property, plant and equipment were $70 million in 2014, $69 million in 2013 and $103 million in 2012. acquisitions of businesses and intangible assets were $11 million in 2014, $1 million in 2013 and $69 million in 2012. in 2012 we acquired two businesses for $44 million along with some smaller acquisitions. we purchased investments of $15 million in 2013, as compared to zero in 2014 and 2012. proceeds from the sale of investment securities were zero in each of the fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012.
net cash provided by/used in financing activities net cash provided by financing activities in 2014 was $335 million compared to $481 million used in 2013 and $552 million used in 2012, respectively. we issued senior notes of $1.1 billion and made a repayment of capital of $940 million to agilent in the year ended october 31, 2014.
credit facility on september 15, 2014, we entered into a five-year credit agreement, which provides for a $300 million unsecured credit facility that will expire on november 1, 2019. the company may use amounts borrowed under the facility for general corporate purposes. as of october 31, 2014, the company has no borrowings outstanding under the facility. we were in compliance with the covenants of the credit facility during the year ended october 31, 2014.
short-term debt on july 10, 2014, our wholly owned subsidiary in india entered into a short-term loan agreement with a financial institution, which provided up to $50 million of unsecured borrowings. on july 25, 2014, we borrowed $35 million against the loan agreement at an interest rate of 9.95 percent per annum. the loan was repaid during the year and as of october 31, 2014, no balance was outstanding.
off balance sheet arrangements and other we have contractual commitments for non-cancellable operating leases. see note 17, "commitments and contingencies," to our combined and consolidated financial statements for further information on our non-cancellable operating leases.
our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of our business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and markets. our cash balances are generated and held in many locations throughout the world. local government regulations may restrict our ability to move cash balances to meet cash needs under certain circumstances. we do not currently expect such regulations and restrictions to impact our ability to pay vendors and conduct operations throughout our global organization.
contractual commitments our cash flows from operations are dependent on a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, accounts receivable collections, inventory management, and the timing of tax and other payments. as a result, the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with such factors.
the following table summarizes our total contractual obligations at october 31, 2014 for operations and excludes amounts recorded in our combined and consolidated balance sheet (in millions):
commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers             240                            2               -                              -
other purchase commitments                                       33                            -               -                              -
operating leases.    commitments under operating leases relate primarily to leasehold property, see note 17, "commitments and contingencies."
interest on senior notes.    we have contractual obligations for interest payments on our senior notes. interest rates and payment dates are detailed above under "long-term debt."
commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers.    we purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. during the normal course of business, we issue purchase orders with estimates of our requirements several months ahead of the delivery dates. however, our agreements with these suppliers usually provide us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. typically purchase orders outstanding with delivery dates within 30 days are non-cancellable. therefore, approximately 86% percent of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, non-cancellable, and unconditional commitments. we expect to fulfill most of our purchase commitments for inventory within one year.
in addition to the above-mentioned commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers, we record a liability for firm, non-cancellable and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our policy relating to excess inventory. as of october 31, 2014, the liability for our excess firm, non-cancellable and unconditional purchase commitments was $5 million, compared to $5 million as of october 31, 2013 and $4 million as of october 31, 2012. these amounts are included in other accrued liabilities in our combined and consolidated balance sheet.
retirement plans.    commitments under the retirement plans relate to expected contributions to be made to our non-u.s. defined benefit plans and to our post-retirement medical plans for the next year only. contributions after next year are impractical to estimate.
other purchase commitments. other purchase commitments relate to contracts with professional services suppliers. typically we can cancel these contracts within 90 days without penalties. for those contracts that are not cancellable within 90 days without penalties, we are disclosing the amounts we are obligated to pay to a supplier under each contract in that period before such contract can be canceled. as of october 31, 2014, our contractual obligations with these suppliers are approximately $33 million within the next fiscal year, as compared to approximately $26 million as of october 31, 2013. the increase is due to additional contracts associated with our pre-separation expenditures and additional contracts put in place related to our operational separation from agilent on august 1, 2014.
other long-term liabilities include $82 million and $92 million of liabilities for uncertain tax positions as of october 31, 2014 and october 31, 2013, respectively. we are unable to accurately predict when these amounts will be realized or released. however, it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitations or a tax audit settlement.