item 1a.   risk factors
general risk factors an investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. you should consider the following factors carefully, in addition to the other information contained in this form 10-k, before deciding to purchase or otherwise trade our securities.
this form 10-k and other written reports and oral statements made from time to time by the company contain statements which, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities law. investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that the company believes in good faith are reasonable, but which may be materially different from actual results. investors can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate only to historic or current facts. the words “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “scheduled,” and similar expressions in connection with future events or future operating or financial performance are intended to identify forward-looking statements. any or all of the company’s forward-looking statements in this form 10-k and in other publications may turn out to be wrong.
statements and assumptions on future revenues, income and cash flows, performance, economic trends, the outcome of litigation, regulatory compliance, and environmental remediation cost estimates are examples of forward-looking statements. numerous factors, including potentially the risk factors described in this section, could affect our forward-looking statements and actual performance.
investors are also cautioned that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, the reader should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties. other factors besides those listed may also adversely affect the company and may be material to the company. the company has listed the known material risks it considers relevant in evaluating the company and its operations. the forward-looking statements in this document are intended to be subject to the safe harbor protection provided by sections 27a and 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. these forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof based on management’s current expectations, and the company does not undertake an obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
for a discussion identifying some important factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, see the factors listed below, along with the discussion of “competition” under item 1 of this form 10-k, “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” under item 7 of this form 10-k and the 2014 annual report, and “note a: accounting policies” and “note n: commitments and contingencies” of the “notes to financial statements” of the 2014 financial statements included under item 8 of this form 10-k and the 2014 annual report.
our business is cyclical and depends on activity within the construction industry.
economic and political uncertainty can impede growth in the markets in which we operate. demand for our products, particularly in the nonresidential and residential construction markets, could fall if companies and consumers are unable to get credit for construction projects or if an economic slowdown causes delays or cancellations of capital projects. state and federal budget issues may also hurt the funding available for infrastructure spending. the lack of available credit may limit the ability of states to issue bonds to finance construction projects. several of our top sales states, from time-to-time, stop or slow bidding projects in their transportation departments.
we sell most of our aggregate products, our primary business, and our cement products, to the construction industry, so our results depend on the strength of the construction industry. since our businesses depend on construction spending, which can be cyclical, our profits are sensitive to national, regional, and local economic conditions and the intensity of the underlying spending on aggregates and cement products. during the past few years, the overall economy was hurt by mortgage security losses and the tightening credit markets. construction spending was affected by economic conditions, changes in interest rates, demographic and population shifts, and changes in construction spending by federal, state, and local governments. if economic conditions change, a recession in the construction industry may occur and affect the demand for our products. the recent economic recession was an example, and our business was hurt. construction spending can also be disrupted by terrorist activity and armed conflicts.
while our business operations cover a wide geographic area, our earnings depend on the strength of the local economies in which we operate because of the high cost to transport our products relative to their price. if economic conditions and construction spending decline significantly in one or more areas, particularly in our top five sales-generating states of our aggregates business (based on net sales by state of destination) of texas, colorado, north carolina, iowa, and georgia, our profitability will decrease. we experienced this situation with the recent economic recession.
the historic economic recession resulted in large declines in shipments of aggregate products in our industry. recent years, however, have shown a turnaround in this trend. for the last four years, our aggregates shipments ranged from 122 million tons to 146 million tons, reflecting a certain degree of volume stability. during 2014 our heritage aggregates shipments showed 7.5% improvement compared with 2013 levels, after being relatively flat the prior year. prior to 2010, use of aggregate products in the united states had declined almost 40% from the highest volume in 2006. while historical spending on public infrastructure projects has been comparatively more stable as governmental appropriations and expenditures are typically less interest rate-sensitive than private sector spending, during 2014 the unprecedented uncertainty on both the timing and amount of future long-term federal infrastructure funding negatively affected spending on public infrastructure projects. this uncertainty was accompanied by a reduction in some states’ investment in highway maintenance. other states, however, stepped up to play an expanding role in infrastructure spending, with the total value of public infrastructure spending increasing slightly in 2014, despite the uncertainty in long-term federal funding.
in july 2012, the president signed into law the successor federal highway bill known as map-21, which was designed to maintain highway spending at current annual levels of approximately $40 billion in funding for transportation infrastructure through fiscal 2014. map-21 also greatly expanded tifia funding, a federal alternative funding mechanism for transportation projects. while the enactment of map-21 resulted in an increase in infrastructure spending for a period of time, map-21 expired by its terms on september 30, 2014. however, as congress continues to deliberate a successor bill, the provisions of map-21 have been extended through may 31, 2015. additionally, congress authorized a $10.8 billion general fund transfer to the highway trust fund to maintain its solvency. we are not clear when or in what form there might be a successor bill to map-21. the measures to extend map-21 and add solvency to the highway trust fund have not completely alleviated the reluctance by some states and municipalities to commit to large-scale, multi-year infrastructure projects supported by federal aid. during the recent extended period of uncertainty in the level of federal funding, some states have secured alternative funding sources, including texas, whose voters in 2014 approved use of the state’s oil and gas production tax collections for annual disbursements to the state highway fund. supported by state spending programs, our heritage aggregates shipments to the infrastructure construction market increased 6% in 2014 compared to 2013, as compared to a decrease of 7% in 2013 compared with 2012.
we believe that the demand and need for infrastructure projects will support consistent growth in this market once long-term federal funding is resolved beyond 2015. in 2014, 44% of our aggregates shipments were to the infrastructure construction market.
within the construction industry, we also sell our aggregates and cement products for use in both nonresidential construction and residential construction. nonresidential and residential construction levels generally move with economic cycles; when the economy is strong, construction levels rise, and when the economy is weak, construction levels fall.
we experienced a 9% increase in aggregates shipments to the nonresidential construction market in 2014, with growth notable in the energy-related shipments, which benefitted from shale energy projects, principally in south texas, as well as energy-related industrial activity. additionally, increased aggregates shipments to the commercial part of nonresidential construction, namely office and retail, increased in certain of our geographic markets in colorado, georgia, north carolina, and texas. during 2014, a strengthened residential market precipitated nonresidential construction activities to serve increased populations. recently, the rate of growth in residential construction has slowed, but the nonresidential construction market continues to gain momentum. this evolution is in line with expectations, as the commercial component of nonresidential construction generally follows the residential construction market with a 12-to-18 month lag. with the recent decline in global oil prices, we are uncertain the impact this decline will have on the current strong texas economy. the dodge momentum index, a 12-month leading indicator of construction spending for nonresidential building compiled by mcgraw hill construction, reached 128.7 in december 2014, an increase of 4% compared to prior month and an increase of 9% compared to prior year. in 2014, 32% of our aggregates shipments were to the nonresidential construction market.
our aggregates shipments to the residential construction market increased 12% in 2014. housing strength varies considerably in different areas of the country. we saw significant residential growth in our key geographic markets, including florida, georgia, north carolina, and texas. the u.s. census bureau reported the total value of private residential construction put in place in 2014 increased 5%. furthermore, housing starts, a key indicator for residential construction activity, continues to show year-over-year improvement, although starts are still below the 50-year historical annual average of 1.5 million units. for 2014, annual housing starts were up 3% to an estimated 1,004,000, as reported by the united states census bureau, and the rate of housing starts continues to exceed completions. this trend is expected to continue in 2015. in 2014, 14% of our aggregates shipments were to the residential construction market.
shipments of chemical rock (comprised primarily of high-calcium carbonate material used for agricultural lime and flue gas desulfurization) and ballast product sales (collectively “chemrock/rail”) accounted for 10% of our aggregates shipments and increased 4% in 2014reflecting growth in non-construction, specifically landscaping and backfill.
the cement business was acquired from txi on july 1, 2014. the net sales of $209.6 million for the second half of 2014 reflected the company’s leading position in the texas market.
our business is dependent on funding from a combination of federal, state and local sources.
our aggregates and cement products are used in public infrastructure projects, which include the construction, maintenance, and improvement of highways, streets, roads, bridges, schools, prisons, and similar projects. so our business is dependent on the level of federal, state, and local spending on these projects. the
year 2014 was another year of unprecedented uncertainty as it related to both the timing and amount of future long-term federal infrastructure funding, which negatively affected spending on public infrastructure projects. despite the uncertainty in long-term funding levels, the total value of united states overall public-works spending increased slightly in 2014, which demonstrates the commitment of states to address the underlying demand for infrastructure investment. however, infrastructure investment varies by market and was strongest in the western united states in 2014. we cannot be assured of the existence, amount, and timing of appropriations for spending on future projects.
the federal highway bill provides annual highway funding for public-sector construction projects. the most recent federal highway bill passed in 2012, map-21, provided annual funding at current levels of approximately $40 billion through september 30, 2014, when it expired by its own terms. map-21 also greatly expands tifia funding, a federal alternative funding mechanism for transportation projects, to $1 billion in fiscal 2014. map-21 is not subject to potential sequestration under current federal law. tifia is also not subject to federal debt ceiling limits. however, authorized transfers from the general fund to the highway trust fund are subject to potential sequestration. in 2014, as congress continued to deliberate a successor bill to map-21, the provisions of map-21 were extended to may 31, 2015. additionally, congress authorized a $10.8 billion general fund transfer to the highway trust fund to maintain its solvency.
given the record level of national debt and the resulting pressure on all government spending, we cannot be assured that congress will pass a successor federal highway bill or will extend the provisions of the current bill when they expire on may 31, 2015. federal highway bills provide spending authorizations that represent maximum amounts. each year, an appropriation act is passed establishing the amount that can actually be used for particular programs. the annual funding level is generally tied to receipts of highway user taxes placed in the highway trust fund. once the annual appropriation is passed, funds are distributed to each state based on formulas (apportionments) or other procedures (allocations). apportioned and allocated funds generally must be spent on specific programs as outlined in the federal legislation. the highway trust fund has experienced shortfalls in recent years, due to high gas prices, fewer miles driven and improved automobile fuel efficiency. these shortfalls created a significant decline in federal highway funding levels. in response to the projected shortfalls, money has been transferred from the general fund into the highway trust fund over the past several years. according to the congressional budget office, current revenues of approximately $34 billion are falling short of the current annual expenditure level of $41 billion. therefore, timely congressional action is needed to address the funding mechanism for the highway trust fund and to enact a longer-term federal highway bill. we cannot be assured of the existence, timing or amount of federal highway funding levels in the future. we also cannot be assured of the impact of the recent sharp reduction in gasoline prices on the levels of highway user taxes that might be collected in the future and the corresponding levels of funding to the highway trust fund.
at the state level, each state funds its infrastructure spending from specially allocated amounts collected from various taxes, typically gasoline taxes and vehicle fees, along with voter-approved bond programs. shortages in state tax revenues can reduce the amounts spent on state infrastructure projects, even below amounts awarded under legislative bills. delays in state infrastructure spending can hurt our business. many states have experienced state-level funding pressures caused by lower tax revenues and an inability to finance approved projects. north carolina was among the states experiencing these pressures, and this state disproportionately affects our revenues and profits. most state budgets, including north carolina, began to improve in 2013 and 2014 as increased tax revenues helped states resolve budget deficits. states have also taken on a larger role in funding sustained infrastructure investment. for example, the texas voters in 2014 approved use of the state’s oil and gas production tax collections for annual disbursements to the state highway fund. we anticipate further growth in state-level funding initiatives, such as bond issues, toll roads, and special purpose taxes, as states address infrastructure needs, particularly in periods of federal funding uncertainty. in
the november 2014 elections, voters approved 66% of transportation initiatives. nevertheless, it is a continuing risk to our business that sufficient funding from federal, state, and local sources will not be available to address infrastructure needs.
our aggregates business is seasonal and subject to the weather.
since the construction aggregates business is conducted outdoors, erratic weather patterns, seasonal changes and other weather-related conditions affect our business. adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes and tropical storms, cold weather, snow, and heavy or sustained rainfall, reduce construction activity, restrict the demand for our products, and impede our ability to efficiently transport material. adverse weather conditions also increase our costs and reduce our production output as a result of power loss, needed plant and equipment repairs, time required to remove water from flooded operations, and similar events. severe drought conditions can restrict available water supplies and restrict production. the construction aggregates business production and shipment levels follow activity in the construction industry, which typically occur in the spring, summer and fall. because of the weather’s effect on the construction industry’s activity, the production and shipment levels for the company’s aggregates business, including all of its aggregates-related downstream operations, vary by quarter. the second and third quarters are generally the most profitable and the first quarter is generally the least profitable.
our aggregates business depends on the availability of aggregate reserves or deposits and our ability to mine them economically.
our challenge is to find aggregate deposits that we can mine economically, with appropriate permits, near either growing markets or long-haul transportation corridors that economically serve growing markets. as communities have grown, they have taken up attractive quarrying locations and have imposed restrictions on mining. we try to meet this challenge by identifying and permitting sites prior to economic expansion, buying more land around our existing quarries to increase our mineral reserves, developing underground mines, and developing a distribution network that transports aggregates products by various transportation methods, including rail and water, that allows us to transport our products longer distances than would normally be considered economical, but we can give no assurances that we will be successful.
our business is a capital-intensive business.
the property and machinery needed to produce our products are very expensive. therefore, we require large amounts of cash to operate our businesses. we believe that our cash on hand, along with our projected internal cash flows and our available financing resources, will be enough to give us the cash we need to support our anticipated operating and capital needs. our ability to generate sufficient cash flow depends on future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business, and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash to operate our business, we may be required, among other things, to further reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures.
our businesses face many competitors.
our businesses have many competitors, some of whom are bigger and have more resources than we do. some of our competitors also operate on a worldwide basis. our results are affected by the number of competitors in a market, the production capacity that a particular market can accommodate, the pricing practices of other competitors, and the entry of new competitors in a market. we also face competition for some of our products from alternative products. for example, our magnesia specialties business may compete with other
chemical products that could be used instead of our magnesia-based products. as other examples, our aggregates business may compete with recycled asphalt and concrete products that could be used instead of new products and our cement business may compete with international competitors who are importing product to the united states with lower production and regulatory costs.
our future growth may depend in part on acquiring other businesses in our industry.
we expect to continue to grow, in part, by buying other businesses. we will continue to look for strategic businesses to acquire, like our recent acquisition of txi. in the past, we have made acquisitions to strengthen our existing locations, expand our operations, and enter new geographic markets. we will continue to make selective acquisitions, joint ventures, or other business arrangements we believe will help our company. however, the continued success of our acquisition program will depend on our ability to find and buy other attractive businesses at a reasonable price and our ability to integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations. we cannot assume there will continue to be attractive acquisition opportunities for sale at reasonable prices that we can successfully integrate into our operations.
we may decide to pay all or part of the purchase price of any future acquisition with shares of our common stock. for example, we used our common stock in our recent acquisition of txi. we may also use our stock to make strategic investments in other companies to complement and expand our operations. if we use our common stock in this way, the ownership interests of our shareholders will be diluted and the price of our stock could fall. we operate our businesses with the objective of maximizing the long-term shareholder return.
we have acquired many companies since 1995. some of these acquisitions were more easily integrated into our existing operations and have performed as well or better than we expected, while others have not. for example, we have only begun the process of integrating the operations of txi, as discussed below. we have sold some underperforming and other non-strategic assets, such as underperforming road paving operations in arkansas and east texas, which were sold in 2014.
our integration of the acquisition of txi may not be as successful as we hope.
we have a successful history of business combinations and integration of these businesses into our heritage operations. we acquired txi in july 2014 and are continuing the integration of txi’s ready mixed concrete and cement operations. we integrated txi’s aggregates operations into our disciplined cost structure during the last half of 2014. we expect this continued integration to be successful in order for us to achieve the synergies, cost savings, and operating efficiencies we have forecast from the txi acquisition. however, it is a risk factor that we will not be able to achieve such integration in a successful manner or on the time schedule we have projected or in a way that will achieve the level of synergies, cost savings, or operating efficiencies we have forecast from the txi acquisition.
the acquisition of txi involved the combination of two companies which previously operated as independent public companies. we have devoted significant management attention and resources to integrating our business practices and operations. as noted, we have integrated to date txi’s aggregates operations and are in the process of fully integrating txi’s ready mixed concrete and cement operations later this year. we believe we will be successful in this integration process. nevertheless, we may fail to realize some of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition with txi if the integration process takes longer than expected or is more costly than expected. potential difficulties we may encounter in the integration process include:
•   the inability to successfully combine the remaining operations in a manner that permits us to achieve the cost savings and revenue synergies anticipated to result from the proposed acquisition with txi, which would result in the anticipated benefits of the acquisition with txi not being realized partly or wholly in the time frame currently anticipated or at all;
•   lost sales and customers as a result of certain customers of either the company or former customers of txi deciding not to do business with the company;
•   complexities associated with managing the combined operations;
•   integrating personnel;
•   creation of uniform standards, internal controls, procedures, policies and information systems;
•   potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses, delays or regulatory issues associated with integrating the remaining operations; and
•   performance shortfalls at business units as a result of the diversion of management attention caused by completing the remaining integration of the operations.
aggregates-related downstream businesses have lower profit margins and can be more volatile.
for 2014, our asphalt, ready mixed concrete, and road paving businesses accounted for 30% of the net sales of our aggregates business, up from 8% in 2011. these businesses typically provide lower profit margins (excluding freight and delivery revenues) than our aggregates product line due to potentially volatile input costs, highly competitive market dynamics, and lower barriers to entry. therefore, as we expand these operations, our overall gross margin is likely to be adversely affected. we saw this impact our gross margins in recent years. however, in 2014, heritage aggregates-related downstream operations gross margin (excluding freight and delivery revenues) increased 450 basis points, reflecting increased ready mixed concrete volumes and pricing as well as higher asphalt shipments. the overall gross margin (excluding freight and delivery revenues) of our aggregates business will continue to be reduced by the lower gross margins for our aggregates-related downstream operations.
short supplies and high costs of fuel, energy, and raw materials affect our businesses.
our businesses require a continued supply of diesel fuel, natural gas, coal, petroleum coke and other energy. the financial results of these businesses have been affected by the short supply or high costs of these fuels and energy. while we can contract for some fuels and sources of energy, such as fixed-price supply contracts for coal and petroleum coke, significant increases in costs or reduced availability of these items have and may in the future reduce our financial results. moreover, fluctuations in the supply and costs of these fuels and energy can make planning our businesses more difficult. for example, in 2011, increases in energy costs when compared with 2010 lowered net earnings for our businesses by $0.27 per diluted share. we do not hedge our diesel fuel price risk, but instead focus on volume-related price reductions, fuel efficiency, consumption, and the natural hedge created by the ability to increase aggregates prices. in 2012, while the average price we paid per gallon of diesel fuel was 5% higher compared to 2011, this was offset by a decline of 25% from 2011 on our average cost for natural gas. this trend reversed in 2013, when the average price we paid per gallon of diesel fuel was 4% lower compared to 2012, but the average cost of natural gas increased 18% from 2012. similarly, in 2014 the average price we paid per gallon of diesel fuel was 8% lower compared to 2013, but the average cost of natural gas increased 24% from 2013. diesel fuel, which averaged $2.82 per gallon in 2014 and
$2.98 per gallon in 2013, represents the single largest component of energy costs for our aggregates business. diesel fuel prices declined rapidly during december 2014, ending the year at a per gallon price that was 26% below the 2014 average.
the magnesia specialties business has fixed price agreements for the supply of a portion of its coal and natural gas needs. the cement business has fixed price agreements for the supply of coal.
cement production requires large amounts of energy, including electricity and fossil fuels. energy costs represent approximately 31% of the production costs of our cement business. therefore, the cost of energy is one of our largest expenses. prices for energy are subject to market forces largely beyond our control and can be quite volatile. price increases that we are unable to pass through in the form of price increases for our products, or disruption of the uninterrupted supply of fuel and electricity, could adversely affect us. accordingly, volatility in energy costs can adversely affect the financial results of our cement business. profitability of the cement business is also subject to kiln maintenance, which requires the plant to be shut down for a period of time as repairs are made. in 2014, the cement business incurred shutdown costs of $13.3 million during the second half of the year.
similarly our aggregates-related downstream operations also require a continued supply of liquid asphalt and cement, which serve as key raw materials in the production of hot mix asphalt and ready mixed concrete, respectively. these raw materials are subject to potential supply constraints and significant price fluctuations, which are beyond our control. the financial results of our aggregates-related downstream operations have been affected by the short supply or high costs of these raw materials. we generally see frequent volatility in the costs for these raw materials. for 2014, we saw higher prices for these raw materials than 2013. liquid asphalt prices may not always follow other energy products (e.g., oil or diesel fuel) because of complexities in the refining process which converts a barrel of oil into other fuels and petrochemical products.
cement is a commodity sensitive to supply and price volatility.
cement is a commodity, and competition is often based mainly on price, which is highly sensitive to changes in supply and demand. prices change a lot in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions and other market conditions, which we cannot control. when cement producers increase production capacity or more cement is imported into the market, an oversupply of cement in the market may occur if supply exceeds demand. in that case cement prices generally fall. we cannot be assured that prices for our cement products sold will not decline in the future or that such decline will not have a material adverse effect on our cement business.
our manufacturing processes are dependent upon critical pieces of equipment, such as our kilns and finishing mills. this equipment, on occasion, may be out of service as a result of unanticipated failures or damage during accidents. in addition to equipment failures, our facilities are also subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events such as fires, explosions or violent weather conditions. our cement operations in california are also susceptible to damage from earthquakes, for which we maintain only a limited amount of earthquake insurance and, therefore, we are not fully insured against earthquake risk. we also have one to two-week scheduled outages at least once a year to refurbish our cement and dolomitic lime production facilities. in 2014, the cement business incurred shutdown costs of $13.3 million during the second half of the year. in 2014, the magnesia specialties business incurred shutdown costs of $5.4 million during the year. any significant interruption in production capability may require us to make significant capital expenditures to remedy problems or damage as well as cause us to lose revenue due to lost production time.
our cement and magnesia specialties businesses may become capacity constrained.
if our cement or magnesia specialties businesses become capacity constrained, they may be unable to satisfy on a timely basis the demand for some of their products, and any resulting changes in customers would introduce volatility to the earnings of these segments. we can address capacity needs by enhancing our manufacturing productivity, increasing the operational availability of equipment, reducing machinery down time and extending machinery useful life. future demand for our products may require us to expand further our manufacturing capacity, particularly through the purchase of additional manufacturing equipment. however, we may not be able to increase our capacity in time to satisfy increases in demand that may occur from time to time. capacity constraints may prevent us from satisfying customer orders and result in a loss of sales to competitors that are not capacity constrained. in addition, we may suffer excess capacity if we increase our capacity to meet actual or anticipated demand and that demand decreases or does not materialize.
our cement business could suffer if cement imports from other countries significantly increase or are sold in the u.s. in violation of u.s. fair trade laws.
the cement industry has in the past obtained antidumping orders imposing duties on imports of cement and clinker from other countries that violated u.s. fair trade laws. currently, an antidumping order against cement and clinker from japan will expire in 2016 unless it is extended by the federal trade commission. as has always been the case, cement operators with import facilities can purchase cement from other countries, such as those in latin america and asia, which could compete with domestic producers. in addition, if environmental regulations increase the costs of domestic producers compared to foreign producers that are not subject to similar regulations, imported cement could achieve a significant cost advantage over domestically produced cement. an influx of cement or clinker products from countries not subject to antidumping orders, or sales of imported cement or clinker in violation of u.s. fair trade laws, could adversely affect our cement business.
road paving construction operations present additional risks to our business.
our aggregates-related downstream operations also present challenges in the paving construction business where many of our contracts have penalties for late completion. in some instances, including many of our fixed price contracts, we guarantee that we will complete a project by a certain date. if we subsequently fail to complete the project as scheduled we may be held responsible for costs resulting from the delay, generally in the form of contractually agreed-upon liquidated damages. under these circumstances, the total project cost could exceed our original estimate, and we could experience a loss of profit or a loss on the project. in our road paving construction operations we also have fixed price and fixed unit price contracts where our profits can be adversely affected by a number of factors beyond our control, which can cause our actual costs to materially exceed the costs estimated at the time or our original bid. these same issues and risks can also impact some of our contacts in our asphalt and ready mixed concrete operations. these risks are somewhat mitigated by the fact that a majority of our road paving contracts are for short duration projects.
changes in legal requirements and governmental policies concerning zoning, land use, the environment, and other areas of the law, and litigation relating to these matters, affect our businesses. our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities.
many federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to zoning, land use, the environment, health, safety, and other regulatory matters govern our operations. we take great pride in our operations and try to remain in strict compliance at all times with all applicable laws and regulations. despite our extensive compliance efforts, risk of liabilities, particularly environmental liabilities, is inherent in the operation of our businesses, as it is with our competitors. we cannot assume that these liabilities will not negatively affect us in the future.
we are also subject to future events, including changes in existing laws or regulations or enforcement policies, or further investigation or evaluation of the potential health hazards of some of our products or business activities, which may result in additional compliance and other costs. we could be forced to invest in preventive or remedial action, like pollution control facilities, which could be substantial.
our operations are subject to manufacturing, operating, and handling risks associated with the products we produce and the products we use in our operations, including the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products, hazardous substances, and wastes. we are exposed to hazards including storage tank leaks, explosions, discharges or releases of hazardous substances, exposure to dust, and the operation of mobile equipment and manufacturing machinery.
these risks can subject us to potentially significant liabilities relating to personal injury or death, or property damage, and may result in civil or criminal penalties, which could hurt our productivity or profitability. for example, from time to time we investigate and remediate environmental contamination relating to our prior or current operations, as well as operations we have acquired from others, and in some cases we have been or could be named as a defendant in litigation brought by governmental agencies or private parties.
we are involved from time to time in litigation and claims arising from our operations. while we do not believe the outcome of pending or threatened litigation will have a material adverse effect on our operations or our financial condition, we cannot assume that an adverse outcome in a pending or future legal action would not negatively affect us.
labor disputes could disrupt operations of our businesses.
labor unions represent 11.8% of the hourly employees of our aggregates business, 30.8% of the hourly employees of our cement business, and 100% of the hourly employees of our magnesia specialties business. our collective bargaining agreements for employees of our magnesia specialties business at the oro grande, california cement plant, the manistee, michigan magnesia chemicals plant, and the woodville, ohio lime plant expire in june 2015, august 2015, and may 2018, respectively.
disputes with our trade unions, or the inability to renew our labor agreements, could lead to strikes or other actions that could disrupt our businesses, raise costs, and reduce revenues and earnings from the affected locations. we believe we have good relations with all of our employees, including our unionized employees.
delays or interruptions in shipping products of our businesses could affect our operations.
transportation logistics play an important role in allowing us to supply products to our customers, whether by truck, rail, or ship. we also rely heavily on third-party truck and rail transportation to ship coal, natural gas, and other fuels to our plants. any significant delays, disruptions, or the non-availability of our transportation support system could negatively affect our operations. transportation operations are subject to capacity constraints, high fuel costs and various hazards, including extreme weather conditions and slowdowns due to labor strikes and other work stoppages. in texas, we compete for third party trucking services with operations in the oil and gas fields, which can significantly constrain the availability of those services to us. if there are material changes in the availability or cost of transportation services, we may not be able to arrange alternative and timely means to ship our products or fuels at a reasonable cost, which could lead to interruptions or slowdowns in our businesses or increases in our costs.
the availability of rail cars can also affect our ability to transport our products. rail cars can be used to transport many different types of products across all of our segments. if owners sell or lease rail cars for use in other industries, we may not have enough rail cars to transport our products.
we have long-term agreements with shipping companies to provide ships to transport our aggregate products from our bahamas and nova scotia operations to various coastal ports. these contracts have varying expiration dates ranging from 2015 to 2017 and generally contain renewal options. our inability to renew these agreements or enter into new ones with other shipping companies could affect our ability to transport our products.
when we sold our river district operations in 2011 as part of our asset exchange with lafarge, we sold most of our barge long-haul distribution network. as a result, we reduced our risks from distributing our products by barges, especially along the mississippi river. we still distribute some of our product by barge along rivers in west virginia. we may continue to experience, to a lesser degree, risks associated with distributing our products by barges, including significant delays, disruptions, or the non-availability of our barge transportation system that could negatively affect our operations, water levels that could affect our ability to transport our products by barge, and barges that may not be available in quantities that we might need from time to time to support our operations.
our earnings are affected by the application of accounting standards and our critical accounting policies, which involve subjective judgments and estimates by our management. our estimates and assumptions could be wrong.
the accounting standards we use in preparing our financial statements are often complex and require that we make significant estimates and assumptions in interpreting and applying those standards. we make critical estimates and assumptions involving accounting matters including our goodwill impairment testing, our expenses and cash requirements for our pension plans, our estimated income taxes, and how we account for our property, plant and equipment, and inventory. these estimates and assumptions involve matters that are inherently uncertain and require our subjective and complex judgments. if we used different estimates and assumptions or used different ways to determine these estimates, our financial results could differ.
while we believe our estimates and assumptions are appropriate, we could be wrong. accordingly, our financial results could be different, either higher or lower. we urge you to read about our critical accounting policies in our management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the adoption of new accounting standards may affect our financial results.
the accounting standards we apply in preparing our financial statements are reviewed by regulatory bodies and are changed from time to time. new or revised accounting standards could change our financial results either positively or negatively. we urge you to read about our accounting policies in note a of our 2014 financial statements. the federal regulatory body overseeing our accounting standards is now implementing a convergence project, which would conform the accounting in the united states for various topics to the requirements under international accounting standards. proposed changes are being issued one topic at a time. we have not looked at how all of these topics might impact us. new or revised accounting standards could change our financial results either positively or negatively.
the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, and other related rules and regulations, have increased the scope, complexity, and cost of corporate governance. reports from the public company accounting oversight board’s (“pcaob”) inspections of public accounting firms continue to outline findings and recommendations which could require these firms to perform additional work as part of their financial statement audits. the company’s costs to respond to these additional requirements and exposure to adverse findings by the pcaob of the work performed may increase as to internal controls.
we depend on the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, and our failure to attract and retain such personnel could affect our business.
our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued services of our key personnel and executive officers. our prospects depend upon our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel for our operations. competition for personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified personnel, which could negatively affect our business.
disruptions in the credit markets could affect our business.
we have considered the current economic environment and its potential impact to the company’s business. demand for aggregates products, particularly in the infrastructure construction market, has already been negatively affected by federal and state budget and deficit issues and the uncertainty over future highway funding levels beyond the may 2015 expiration of map-21. further, delays or cancellations to capital projects in the nonresidential and residential construction markets could occur if companies and consumers are unable to obtain financing for construction projects or if consumer confidence continues to be eroded by economic uncertainty.
a recessionary construction economy can also increase the likelihood we will not be able to collect on all of our accounts receivable with our customers. we are protected in part, however, by payment bonds posted by many of our customers or end-users. nevertheless, we experienced a delay in payment from some of our customers during the construction downturn, which can negatively affect operating cash flows. historically, our bad debt write-offs have not been significant to our operating results, and, although the amount of our bad debt write-offs has increased, we believe our allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate.
the credit environment could impact the company’s ability to borrow money in the future. additional financing or refinancing might not be available and, if available, may not be at economically favorable terms. further, an increase in leverage could lead to deterioration in our credit ratings. a reduction in our credit ratings, regardless of the cause, could also limit our ability to obtain additional financing and/or increase our cost of obtaining financing. there is no guarantee we will be able to access the capital markets at financially economical interest rates, which could negatively affect our business.
we may be required to obtain financing in order to fund certain strategic acquisitions, if they arise, or to refinance our outstanding debt. any large strategic acquisition would require that we issue both newly issued equity and debt securities, like we did with the acquisition of txi, in order to maintain our investment grade credit rating and could result in a ratings downgrade notwithstanding our issuance of equity securities to fund the transaction. we are also exposed to risks from tightening credit markets, through the interest payable on our outstanding debt and the interest cost on our commercial paper program, to the extent it is available to us. while management believes our credit ratings will remain at a composite investment-grade level, we cannot be assured these ratings will remain at those levels. while management believes the company will continue to have credit available to it adequate to meet its needs, there can be no assurance of that.
our magnesia specialties business depends in part on the steel industry and the supply of reasonably priced fuels.
our magnesia specialties business sells some of its products to companies in the steel industry. while we have reduced this risk over the last few years, this business is still dependent, in part, on the strength of the cyclical steel industry. the magnesia specialties business also requires significant amounts of natural gas, coal, and petroleum coke, and financial results are negatively affected by increases in fuel prices or shortages.
our magnesia specialties business now runs near capacity so unexpected changes could affect its earnings.
because our magnesia specialties business essentially runs near capacity, any unplanned changes in costs or customers would introduce volatility to the earnings of this segment of our business.
our acquisitions could harm our results of operations.
in pursuing our business strategy, we conduct discussions, evaluate opportunities, and enter into acquisition agreements. acquisitions involve significant challenges and risks, including risks that:
•   we may not realize a satisfactory return on the investment we make;
•   we may not be able to retain key personnel of the acquired business;
•   we may experience difficulty in integrating new employees, business systems, and technology;
•   our due diligence process may not identify compliance issues or other liabilities that are in existence at the time of our acquisition;
•   we may have difficulty entering into new geographic markets in which we are not experienced; or
•   we may be unable to retain the customers and partners of acquired businesses following the acquisition.
our articles of incorporation, bylaws, and shareholder rights plan and north carolina law may inhibit a change in control that you may favor.
our restated articles of incorporation and restated bylaws, shareholder rights plan, and north carolina law contain provisions that may delay, deter or inhibit a future acquisition of us not approved by our board of directors. this could occur even if our shareholders are offered an attractive value for their shares or if many or
even a majority of our shareholders believe the takeover is in their best interest. these provisions are intended to encourage any person interested in acquiring us to negotiate with and obtain the approval of our board of directors in connection with the transaction. provisions that could delay, deter, or inhibit a future acquisition include the following:
•   the ability of the board of directors to establish the terms of, and issue, preferred stock without shareholder approval;
•   the requirement that our shareholders may only remove directors for cause;
•   the inability of shareholders to call special meetings of shareholders; and
•   super majority shareholder approval requirements for business combination transactions with certain five percent shareholders.
in addition, we have in place a shareholder rights plan that will trigger a dilutive issuance of common stock upon acquisitions of our common stock by a third party above a threshold that are not approved by the board of directors. additionally, the occurrence of certain change of control events could result in an event of default under certain of our existing or future debt instruments.
changes in our effective income tax rate may harm our results of operations.
a number of factors may increase our future effective income tax rate, including:
•   governmental authorities increasing taxes or eliminating deductions, particularly the depletion deduction;
•   the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities;
•   changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities;
•   changes in available tax credits;
•   changes in stock-based compensation;
•   other changes in tax laws, and
•   the interpretation of tax laws and/or administrative practices.
any significant increase in our future effective income tax rate could reduce net earnings for future periods.
we are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including cybersecurity risks and data leakage risks.
we are dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure. any significant breakdown, invasion, destruction or interruption of these systems by employees, others with authorized access to our systems, or unauthorized persons could negatively impact operations. there is also a risk that we could experience a business interruption, theft of information, or reputational damage as a result of a cyber-attack, such as an infiltration of a data center, or data leakage of confidential information either internally or at our third-party providers. while we have invested in the protection of our data and information technology to reduce these risks and routinely test the security of our information systems network, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the information required in response to this item 7 is included under the caption “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” in the 2014 annual report, and that information is incorporated herein by reference, except that the information contained under the caption “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—outlook 2015” in the 2014 annual report is not incorporated herein by reference.