item 1a. risk factors.
provided below is a cautionary discussion of what we believe to be the most important risk factors applicable to the company. discussion of these factors is incorporated by reference into and considered an integral part of part ii, item 7, “management’s discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations.”
* results are impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic and capital markets conditions. the company operates in more than 70 countries and derives approximately two-thirds of its revenues from outside the united states. the company’s business is subject to global competition and may be adversely affected by factors in the united states and other countries that are beyond its control, such as disruptions in financial markets, economic downturns in the form of either contained or widespread recessionary conditions, elevated unemployment levels, sluggish or uneven recovery, in specific countries or regions, or in the various industries in which the company operates; social, political or labor conditions in specific countries or regions; natural and other disasters affecting the operations of the company or its customers and suppliers; or adverse changes in the availability and cost of capital, interest rates, tax rates, or regulations in the jurisdictions in which the company operates.
* the company’s credit ratings are important to 3m’s cost of capital. the major rating agencies routinely evaluate the company’s credit profile and assign debt ratings to 3m. as of february 2015, the company has an aa- credit rating, with
a stable outlook, from standard & poor’s and an aa3 credit rating, with a negative outlook, from moody’s investors service. this evaluation is based on a number of factors, which include financial strength, business and financial risk, as well as transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. the company’s credit ratings have facilitated lower borrowing costs and access to a variety of lenders. 3m’s ongoing transition to a more optimized capital structure, financed with additional low-cost debt, could impact 3m’s credit rating in the future. failure to maintain strong investment grade ratings would adversely affect the company’s cost of funds and could adversely affect liquidity and access to capital markets.
* the company’s results are affected by competitive conditions and customer preferences. demand for the company’s products, which impacts revenue and profit margins, is affected by (i) the development and timing of the introduction of competitive products; (ii) the company’s response to downward pricing to stay competitive; (iii) changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases which may be affected by announced price changes, changes in the company’s incentive programs, or the customer’s ability to achieve incentive goals; and (iv) changes in customers’ preferences for our products, including the success of products offered by our competitors, and changes in customer designs for their products that can affect the demand for some of the company’s products.
* foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may affect the company’s ability to realize projected growth rates in its sales and earnings. because the company’s financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars and approximately two-thirds of the company’s revenues are derived from outside the united states, the company’s results of operations and its ability to realize projected growth rates in sales and earnings could be adversely affected if the u.s. dollar strengthens significantly against foreign currencies.
* the company’s growth objectives are largely dependent on the timing and market acceptance of its new product offerings, including its ability to continually renew its pipeline of new products and to bring those products to market. this ability may be adversely affected by difficulties or delays in product development, such as the inability to identify viable new products, obtain adequate intellectual property protection, or gain market acceptance of new products. there are no guarantees that new products will prove to be commercially successful.
* the company’s future results are subject to fluctuations in the costs and availability of purchased components, compounds, raw materials and energy, including oil and natural gas and their derivatives, due to shortages, increased demand, supply interruptions, currency exchange risks, natural disasters and other factors. the company depends on various components, compounds, raw materials, and energy (including oil and natural gas and their derivatives) supplied by others for the manufacturing of its products. it is possible that any of its supplier relationships could be interrupted due to natural and other disasters and other events, or be terminated in the future. any sustained interruption in the company’s receipt of adequate supplies could have a material adverse effect on the company. in addition, while the company has a process to minimize volatility in component and material pricing, no assurance can be given that the company will be able to successfully manage price fluctuations or that future price fluctuations or shortages will not have a material adverse effect on the company.
* acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures, and other unusual events resulting from portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies, and possible organizational restructuring could affect future results. the company monitors its business portfolio and organizational structure and has made and may continue to make acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures and changes to its organizational structure. with respect to acquisitions, future results will be affected by the company’s ability to integrate acquired businesses quickly and obtain the anticipated synergies.
* the company’s future results may be affected if the company generates fewer productivity improvements than estimated. the company utilizes various tools, such as lean six sigma, to improve operational efficiency and productivity. there can be no assurance that all of the projected productivity improvements will be realized.
* the company employs information technology systems to support its business, including ongoing phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (erp) system on a worldwide basis over the next several years. security breaches and other disruptions to the company’s information technology infrastructure could interfere with the company’s operations, compromise information belonging to the company and its customers and suppliers, and expose the company to liability which could adversely impact the company’s business and reputation. in the ordinary course of business, the company relies on information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. additionally, the company collects and stores certain data, including proprietary business information, and may have access to confidential or personal information in certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. despite our cybersecurity measures (including employee and third-
party training, monitoring of networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems) which are continuously reviewed and upgraded, the company’s information technology networks and infrastructure may still be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attack by hackers or breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. it is possible for such vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended period, up to and including several years. while we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, these types of threats to the company’s information technology networks and infrastructure, none of them to date has had a material impact to the company. there may be other challenges and risks as the company upgrades and standardizes its erp system on a worldwide basis. any such events could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or penalties under privacy laws, disruption in operations, and damage to the company’s reputation, which could adversely affect the company’s business. although the company maintains insurance coverage for various cybersecurity risks, there can be no guarantee that all costs or losses incurred will be fully insured.
* the company’s future results may be affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings and legal compliance risks, including those involving product liability, antitrust, intellectual property, environmental, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-bribery, anti-corruption, or other matters. the outcome of these legal proceedings may differ from the company’s expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to reliably predict. various factors or developments can lead the company to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. a future adverse ruling, settlement or unfavorable development could result in future charges that could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or cash flows in any particular period. for a more detailed discussion of the legal proceedings involving the company and the associated accounting estimates, see the discussion in note 13 “commitments and contingencies” within the notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is designed to provide a reader of 3m’s financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management. 3m’s md&a is presented in eight sections:
·       critical accounting estimates
·       financial condition and liquidity
·       financial instruments forward-looking statements in item 7 may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those projected (refer to the section entitled “cautionary note concerning factors that may affect future results” in item 1 and the risk factors provided in item 1a for discussion of these risks and uncertainties).
3m is a diversified global manufacturer, technology innovator and marketer of a wide variety of products and services. as described in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, effective in the first quarter of 2014, 3m transferred a product line between divisions within business segments, and in the first, second and fourth quarters of 2014 also made certain changes within business segments in its continuing effort to improve the alignment of its businesses around markets and customers. segment information presented herein reflects the impact of these changes for all periods presented. 3m manages its operations in five operating business segments: industrial; safety and graphics; electronics and energy; health care; and consumer. from a geographic perspective, any references to emea refer to europe, middle east and africa on a combined basis.
as a result of 3m’s performance in 2014, the company believes it remains on track to deliver its 2013-2017 financial goals:
·                  achieve return on invested capital of approximately 20 percent (22 percent in 2014)
these results are discussed further in the following md&a discussion, with return on invested capital and free cash flow conversion (non-gaap measures) discussed more fully in the financial condition and liquidity section.
fourth-quarter 2014 net income attributable to 3m was $1.179 billion, or $1.81 per diluted share, compared to $1.103 billion, or $1.62 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2013. fourth-quarter 2014 sales totaled $7.7 billion, an increase of 2.0 percent from the fourth quarter of 2013. 3m achieved organic local-currency sales growth (which includes organic volume and selling price impacts) in all five of its business segments, led by safety and graphics. organic local-currency sales increased 9.2 percent in safety and graphics, led by personal safety and commercial solutions, partially offset by declines in roofing granules, and traffic safety and security. organic local-currency sales grew 6.4 percent in the health care business segment, with every business posting positive growth, led by health information systems, food safety, infection prevention, and critical and chronic care. electronics and energy organic local-currency sales growth was 6.2 percent, with increases in electronic-related sales in both electronics materials solutions, and display materials and systems. energy-related sales growth was led by electrical markets, partially offset by declines in renewable energy and communications markets. industrial organic local-currency sales increased 5.9 percent, led by advanced materials, aerospace and commercial transportation, industrial adhesives and tapes, automotive aftermarket, and automotive oem. organic local-currency sales increased 5.8 percent in the consumer business segment, with positive growth in all businesses, led by the construction and home improvement business (do-it-yourself), and consumer health care. for the company in total, organic-local currency sales grew 6.3 percent, with higher organic volumes contributing 5.6 percent and
selling price increases contributing 0.7 percent. acquisitions added 0.1 percent to sales, which related to the april 2014 acquisition of treo solutions llc (treo). foreign currency translation reduced sales by 4.4 percent year-on-year.
from a geographic area perspective, fourth-quarter 2014 organic local-currency sales growth was 9.0 percent in latin america/canada, 6.9 percent in asia pacific, 6.6 percent in the united states, and 3.3 percent in emea. organic local-currency sales growth in latin america/canada was led by electronics and energy, health care, and safety and graphics. mexico delivered strong growth and brazil was up slightly. organic local-currency sales growth in asia pacific was led by safety and graphics, and health care. sales in japan grew 9 percent organically, or 4 percent excluding electronics. china/hong kong sales grew 4 percent organically, or 6 percent excluding electronics. organic local-currency sales growth in the united states was strong in four of the five business segments, while electronics and energy was flat. organic local-currency sales growth in emea was positive in four of five business segments, led by safety and graphics, and electronics and energy, while consumer was down slightly in the quarter. central/east europe and middle east/africa each showed solid local-currency sales growth in the quarter, while west europe grew 1 percent. emea economies remain soft, but 3m is managing the situation by growing market positions and driving continuous productivity across the region.
operating income in the fourth quarter of 2014 was 21.5 percent of sales, compared to 20.9 percent of sales in the fourth quarter of 2013, an increase of 0.6 percentage points. these results included a benefit from the combination of selling price increases and raw material cost decreases, lower pension/postretirement benefit costs, and profit leverage on organic volume growth. these factors were partially offset by strategic investments, and other factors. strategic investments are further described for year 2014 in the section entitled “results of operations”.
for total year 2014, net income attributable to 3m was $4.956 billion, or $7.49 per diluted share, compared to $4.659 billion, or $6.72 per diluted share, in 2013, an increase of 11.5 percent on a per diluted share basis. sales totaled $31.8 billion, an increase of 3.1 percent from 2013. from a business segment perspective, organic local-currency sales growth was 5.8 percent in health care, 5.4 percent in safety and graphics, 5.2 percent in electronics and energy, 4.9 percent in industrial, and 3.9 percent in consumer. from a geographic area perspective, 2014 organic local-currency sales growth was 6.3 percent in asia pacific, 4.9 percent in the united states, 4.5 percent in latin america/canada, and 3.2 percent in emea. for the company in total, organic local-currency sales grew 4.9 percent, with higher organic volumes contributing 3.9 percent and selling price increases contributing 1.0 percent. acquisitions added 0.1 percent to sales, driven by the treo acquisition discussed above. foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.9 percent year-on-year.
operating income in 2014 was 22.4 percent of sales, compared to 21.6 percent of sales in 2013, an increase of 0.8 percentage points. these results included a benefit from the combination of selling price increases and raw material cost decreases, lower pension/postretirement benefit costs, and profit leverage on organic volume growth. these factors were partially offset by strategic investments and other factors. refer to the section entitled “results of operations” for further discussion.
fourth-quarter 2013 net income attributable to 3m was $1.103 billion, or $1.62 per diluted share, compared to $991 million, or $1.41 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2012. fourth-quarter 2013 sales totaled $7.6 billion, an increase of 2.4 percent from the fourth quarter of 2012. 3m achieved organic local-currency sales growth (which includes organic volume and selling price impacts) in all five of its business segments, led by industrial. industrial organic local-currency sales increased 5.8 percent, led by advanced materials, automotive oem, 3m purification inc. (filtration products), aerospace and commercial transportation, and automotive aftermarket. organic local-currency sales increased 4.7 percent in safety and graphics, led by roofing granules, personal safety, and commercial solutions. organic local-
currency sales grew 3.6 percent in the health care business segment, with the strongest sales growth in health information systems, food safety, critical and chronic care, and infection prevention; organic local-currency sales declined in drug delivery systems. organic local-currency sales increased 1.3 percent in the consumer business segment, led by the consumer health care and home care businesses. electronics and energy organic local-currency sales growth was 0.4 percent, with increases in energy-related sales in renewable energy and electrical markets. electronic-related sales declined, with growth in display materials and systems more than offset by declines in electronics materials solutions. for the company in total, organic-local currency sales grew 3.4 percent, with higher organic volumes contributing 2.0 percent and selling price increases contributing 1.4 percent. acquisitions added 0.7 percent to sales, which related to the late november 2012 acquisition of ceradyne, inc. foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.7 percent year-on-year.
from a geographic area perspective, fourth-quarter 2013 organic local-currency sales growth was 4.5 percent in the united states, 3.4 percent in emea, 3.3 percent in asia pacific, and 2.2 percent in latin america/canada. in the u.s., emea, and asia pacific, all five business segments generated positive organic local-currency sales growth. organic local-currency sales growth in the united states was led by industrial, and safety and graphics. organic local-currency sales growth in emea was led by industrial. west europe grew organically by 3 percent year-on-year, continuing the positive trends 3m had seen in preceding quarters. organic local-currency sales growth in asia pacific was led by consumer, safety and graphics, and health care. sales in japan grew 4 percent organically. china/hong kong sales grew 1 percent organically, impacted by a strong prior-year comparison of 16 percent growth in the fourth quarter of 2012 and weakness in electronics. organic local-currency sales growth in latin america/canada was positive across most countries, but below trend levels for a few reasons. first, slowing in government tenders for infrastructure projects in certain countries impacted sales in electronics and energy. consumer was also soft in the fourth quarter due to weak retail demand and challenging year-on-year comparisons. and lastly, sales in venezuela declined year-on-year due to the economic and political situation there. venezuela diluted fourth-quarter organic sales growth in latin america/canada by 1.5 percentage points, as 3m continued to work towards minimizing its bolivar exposure and any associated costs.
for total year 2013, net income attributable to 3m was $4.659 billion, or $6.72 per diluted share, compared to $4.444 billion, or $6.32 per diluted share, in 2012, an increase of 6.3 percent on a per diluted share basis. sales totaled $30.9 billion, an increase of 3.2 percent from 2012. from a business segment perspective, organic local-currency sales growth was 5.0 percent in health care, 4.6 percent in industrial, 4.1 percent in safety and graphics, 3.0 percent in consumer, and was flat in electronics and energy. from a geographic area perspective, 2013 organic local-currency sales growth was 7.1 percent in latin america/canada, 3.6 percent in asia pacific, 3.1 percent in the united states, and 2.1 percent in emea. for the company in total, organic local-currency sales grew 3.4 percent, with higher organic volumes contributing 2.5 percent and selling price increases contributing 0.9 percent. acquisitions added 1.4 percent to sales, driven by the november 2012 acquisition of ceradyne, inc. (industrial), the september 2012 purchase of the net assets that comprised the business of federal signal technologies group (safety and graphics), and the april 2012 acquisition of coderyte, inc. (health care). foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.6 percent year-on-year.
operating income in 2013 was 21.6 percent of sales, compared to 21.7 percent of sales in 2012, a decline of 0.1 percentage points. items that reduced operating income margins included lower factory utilization/productivity, strategic investments, the impact of 2012 acquisitions, and other factors. these factors were largely offset by the combination of selling price increases and raw material cost decreases, in addition to lower pension/postretirement benefit costs. refer to the section entitled “results of operations” for further discussion.
the following table contains sales and operating income results by business segment for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. in addition to the discussion below, refer to the section entitled “performance by business segment” and “performance by geographic area” later in md&a for a more detailed discussion of the sales and income results of the company and its respective business segments (including corporate and unallocated). refer to note 15 for additional information on business segments, including elimination of dual credit.
elimination of dual credit           (604    )    (1.8   )%        (133   )        (540    )    (1.8   )%        (118   )       —               —
sales in 2014 increased 3.1 percent, led by health care at 4.5 percent, electronics and energy at 3.9 percent, industrial at 3.1 percent, safety and graphics at 2.7 percent, and consumer at 2.0 percent. total company organic local-currency sales growth (which includes organic volume and selling price impacts) was 4.9 percent, acquisitions added 0.1 percent, and foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.9 percent. all of 3m’s five business segments posted operating income margins of approximately 20 percent or more in 2014. worldwide operating income margins for 2014 were 22.4 percent, compared to 21.6 percent for 2013.
sales in 2013 increased 3.2 percent, led by industrial at 6.5 percent, health care at 3.8 percent, and safety and graphics at 3.3 percent. sales increased 1.1 percent in consumer and declined 1.2 percent in electronics and energy. total company organic local-currency sales growth (which includes organic volume and selling price impacts) was 3.4 percent, acquisitions added 1.4 percent, and foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.6 percent. four of 3m’s five business segments posted operating income margins in excess of 21 percent in 2013. worldwide operating income margins for 2013 were 21.6 percent, compared to 21.7 percent for 2012.
financial condition:
3m generated $6.626 billion of operating cash flow in 2014, an increase of $809 million when compared to 2013. this followed an increase of $517 million when comparing 2013 to 2012. refer to the section entitled “financial condition and liquidity” later in md&a for a discussion of items impacting cash flows. in february 2014, 3m’s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $12 billion of 3m’s outstanding common stock, which replaced the company’s february 2013 repurchase program. this new program has no pre-established end date. in 2014, the company purchased $5.652 billion of stock, and in 2013 the company purchased $5.212 billion of stock, up significantly from $2.204 billion in 2012. the company expects to purchase $3 billion to $5 billion of stock in 2015. in december 2014, 3m’s board of directors declared a first-quarter 2015 dividend of $1.025 per share, an increase of 20 percent. this marked the 57th consecutive year of dividend increases for 3m. 3m’s debt to total capital ratio (total capital defined as debt plus equity) was 34 percent at december 31, 2014, and 25 percent at both december 31, 2013 and 2012. as of february 2015, the company has an aa- credit rating, with a stable outlook, from standard & poor’s and an aa3 credit rating, with a negative outlook, from moody’s investors service. the company has significant cash on hand and sufficient additional access to capital markets to meet its funding needs. 3m currently expects that its effective tax rate for 2015 will be approximately 28.0 to 29.0 percent, which assumes that the u.s. research and development credit will be reinstated for 2015.
in 2014, the company experienced stable to declining costs for most raw material categories and transportation fuel. this was driven by year-on-year cost decreases in many feedstock categories, including petroleum based materials, minerals, metals and wood pulp based products. to date the company is receiving sufficient quantities of all raw materials to meet its reasonably foreseeable production requirements. it is impossible to predict future shortages of raw materials or the impact any such shortages would have. 3m has avoided disruption to its manufacturing operations through careful management of existing raw material inventories and development and qualification of additional supply sources. 3m manages commodity price risks through negotiated supply contracts, price protection agreements and forward contracts.
pension and postretirement defined benefit plans:
on a worldwide basis, 3m’s pension and postretirement plans were 85 percent funded at year-end 2014. the primary u.s. qualified pension plan, which is approximately 68 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 92 percent funded and the international pension plans were 85 percent funded. the u.s. non-qualified pension plan is not funded due to tax considerations and other factors. asset returns in 2014 for the primary u.s. qualified pension plan was 13.0%, as 3m strategically invests in both growth assets and fixed income matching assets to manage its funded status. for the primary u.s. qualified pension plan, the expected long-term rate of return on an annualized basis for 2015 is 7.75%, unchanged from 2014. the primary u.s. qualified pension plan year-end 2014 discount rate was 4.10%, down 0.88 percentage points from the year-end 2013 discount rate of 4.98%. the decrease in u.s. discount rates resulted in an increased valuation of the projected benefit obligation, which decreased the plans’ funded status. additional detail and discussion of international plan asset returns and discount rates is provided in note 10 (pension and postretirement benefit plans).
the changes in 3m’s defined benefit pension and postretirement plans’ funded status, which is required to be measured as of each year-end, significantly impacted several balance sheet amounts. in the fourth quarter of 2014, these required annual measurements decreased prepaid pension benefits by $0.7 billion, increased deferred taxes within other assets by $0.8 billion, increased pension and postretirement benefits’ long-term liabilities by $1.9 billion, and decreased stockholders’ equity by $1.8 billion. other pension and postretirement changes during the year, such as contributions and amortization, also impacted these balance sheet amounts.
in addition, two items will impact the income statement in 2015:
·                  in the fourth quarter of 2014, 3m’s board of directors approved an amendment of the u.s. defined benefit pension plan to include a lump sum payment option for employees that have vested retirement benefits who commence their pension january 1, 2015, or later. this option is also available to vested employees who leave 3m before becoming eligible to retire at the time of termination. this change reduced 3m’s year-end 2014 projected benefit obligation (pbo) liability by approximately $266 million.
·                  as of december 31, 2014, the company converted to the “rp 2014 mortality tables” and updated the mortality improvement scale it used for calculating the year-end 2014 u.s. defined benefit pension annuitant and postretirement obligations and 2015 expense. the impact of this change increased the year-end 2014 u.s. pbo for pension by approximately $820 million and the 2014 u.s. accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by approximately $100 million.
3m expects to contribute approximately $100 million to $200 million of cash to its global defined benefit pension and postretirement plans in 2015. the company does not have a required minimum cash pension contribution obligation for its u.s. plans in 2015. 3m expects global defined benefit pension and postretirement expense in 2015 (before settlements, curtailments, special termination benefits and other) to increase by approximately $210 million pre-tax when compared to 2014. refer to “critical accounting estimates” within md&a and note 10 (pension and postretirement benefit plans) for additional information concerning 3m’s pension and post-retirement plans.
acquisitions                                0.2               —   0.1                         2.5   0.9             1.4
divestitures                               (0.1   )           —                 —            (0.1   )           —                 —
in 2014, organic local-currency sales grew 4.9 percent, with increases of 6.3 percent in asia pacific, 4.9 percent in the united states, 4.5 percent in latin america/canada, and 3.2 percent in emea. organic local-currency sales growth was 5.6 percent across developing markets, and 4.5 percent in developed markets. worldwide organic local-currency sales grew 5.8 percent in health care, 5.4 percent in safety and graphics, 5.2 percent in electronics and energy, 4.9 percent in industrial, and 3.9 percent in consumer. acquisitions added 0.1 percent to worldwide growth and foreign currency translation reduced worldwide sales growth by 1.9 percent.
in 2013, organic local-currency sales grew 3.4 percent, with increases of 7.1 percent in latin america/canada, 3.6 percent in asia pacific, 3.1 percent in the united states, and 2.1 percent in emea. organic local-currency sales growth was 6.9 percent across developing markets, and 1.6 percent in developed markets. worldwide organic local-currency sales grew 5.0 percent in health care, 4.6 percent in industrial, 4.1 percent in safety and graphics, 3.0 percent in consumer, and were flat in electronics and energy. acquisitions added 1.4 percent to worldwide growth and foreign currency translation reduced worldwide sales growth by 1.6 percent.
refer to the sections entitled “performance by business segment” and “performance by geographic area” later in md&a for additional discussion of sales change.
pension and postretirement expense decreased $162 million in 2014 compared to 2013, versus a decrease of $97 million in 2013 compared to 2012. 2012 includes a $26 million charge related to the first-quarter 2012 voluntary early retirement incentive program (discussed in note 10). pension and postretirement expense is recorded in cost of sales; selling, general and administrative expenses (sg&a); and research, development and related expenses (r&d). refer to note 10 (pension and postretirement plans) for components of net periodic benefit cost and the assumptions used to determine net cost.
cost of sales, measured as a percent of net sales, was 51.7 percent in 2014, a decrease of 0.4 percentage points from 2013. cost of sales as a percent of sales decreased due to the combination of selling price increases and raw material cost decreases, as selling prices increased net sales by 1.0 percent and raw material cost deflation was favorable by approximately 1.5 percent year-on-year. in addition, lower pension and postretirement costs (of which a portion impacts cost of sales), along with organic volume leverage, decreased cost of sales as a percent of sales.
cost of sales, measured as a percent of net sales, was 52.1 percent in 2013, a decrease of 0.3 percentage points from 2012. cost of sales as a percent of sales decreased due to the combination of selling price increases and raw material cost decreases, as selling prices increased net sales by 0.9 percent and raw material cost deflation was favorable by approximately 2 percent year-on-year. in addition, lower pension and postretirement costs (of which a portion impacts cost of sales), in addition to organic volume increases, decreased cost of sales as a percent of sales. these benefits were partially offset by the impact of 2012 acquisitions and lower factory utilization.
selling, general and administrative expenses (sg&a) increased $85 million, or 1.3 percent, in 2014 when compared to 2013. year 2014 included strategic investments in business transformation, while lower pension and postretirement expense benefitted sg&a. sg&a, measured as a percent of sales, decreased 0.4 percentage points to 20.3 percent in 2014, compared to 20.7 percent of sales in 2013.
sg&a increased $282 million, or 4.6 percent, in 2013 when compared to 2012. in 2013, sg&a included strategic investments in business transformation, in addition to increases from acquired businesses that were largely not in 3m’s 2012 spending (ceradyne, inc. and federal signal technologies), which were partially offset by lower pension and postretirement expense. sg&a, measured as a percent of sales, increased 0.3 percentage points to 20.7 percent in 2013, compared to 20.4 percent of sales in 2012.
research, development and related expenses (r&d) increased 3.2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013 and increased 4.9 percent in 2013 compared to 2012, as 3m continued to support its key growth initiatives, including more r&d aimed at disruptive innovation, which refers to innovation which has the potential to create new markets and disrupt existing markets. these increases were partially offset by lower pension and postretirement expense. in 2013, increases from acquired businesses that were largely not in 3m’s 2012 spending (primarily ceradyne, inc. and federal signal
3m uses operating income as one of its primary business segment performance measurement tools.
operating income margins were 22.4 percent in 2014 compared to 21.6 in 2013, an increase of 0.8 percentage points. these results included a 1.0 percentage point benefit from the combination of higher selling prices and lower raw material costs. in addition, lower year-on-year pension and postretirement benefit costs provided a 0.5 percentage point benefit and profit leverage on organic volume growth added 0.3 percentage points. items that reduced operating income margins included a 0.6 percentage point impact from strategic investments, which included investments in disruptive r&d, business transformation, the supply chain center of expertise in europe, and portfolio management actions. the company invested $90 million in 2014 in portfolio management actions to position 3m for greater success. foreign currency effects reduced operating income margins by 0.3 percentage points, and the treo acquisition reduced operating income margins by 0.1 percentage points.
operating income margins were 21.6 percent in 2013, compared to 21.7 in 2012, a decrease of 0.1 percentage points. items that reduced operating income margins included a 0.5 percentage point impact from lower factory utilization/productivity, along with a 0.4 percentage point impact from strategic investments, which included business transformation, along with more r&d aimed at disruptive innovation. the recently enacted medical device excise tax in the u.s., foreign currency effects, acquisition impacts, and other net impacts reduced operating income margins by 0.7 percentage points. these factors were largely offset by items that increased operating income margins, which included a 1.2 percentage point benefit from the combination of selling price increases and raw material cost decreases. finally, lower pension/postretirement benefit costs increased operating income margins by 0.3 percentage points.
interest expense: interest expense, despite higher debt levels, decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to lower u.s. borrowing costs as debt maturities were replaced with lower cost financing from commercial paper and lower interest rates on new debt issuances. interest expense decreased in 2013 compared to 2012, driven by lower interest rates on u.s. debt. capitalized interest related to property, plant and equipment construction in progress is recorded as a reduction to interest expense. the amounts shown in the table above for interest expense are net of capitalized interest amounts of $15 million, $21 million, and $23 million, in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the effective tax rate for 2014 was 28.9 percent, compared to 28.1 percent in 2013, an increase of 0.8 percentage points, impacted by many factors. factors which increased the company’s effective tax rate included a one-time international tax impact related to the establishment of the supply chain center of expertise in europe, decreased u.s. research and development credit in 2014 compared to 2013 due to two years inclusion as a result of the reinstatement in 2013, decreased domestic manufacturer’s deduction, and other items. combined, these factors increased the company’s effective tax rate by 1.6 percentage points. this increase was partially offset by a 0.8 percentage point decrease, which related to both lower 3m income tax reserves for 2014 when compared to 2013 and international taxes as a result of changes to the geographic mix of income before taxes.
result of changes to the geographic mix of income before taxes, the reinstatement of the u.s. research and development credit in 2013, an increase in the domestic manufacturer’s deduction benefit, the restoration of tax basis on certain assets for which depreciation deductions were previously limited, and other items. combined, these factors decreased the company’s effective tax rate by 4.0 percentage points. this benefit was partially offset by factors that increased the effective tax rate by 3.1 percentage points, which largely related to increases in 3m’s income tax reserves for 2013 when compared to 2012.
the company currently expects that its effective tax rate for 2015 will be approximately 28.0 to 29.0 percent, which assumes that the u.s. research and development credit will be reinstated for 2015. the rate can vary from quarter to quarter due to discrete items, such as the settlement of income tax audits and changes in tax laws, as well as recurring factors, such as the geographic mix of income before taxes.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest represents the elimination of the income or loss attributable to non-3m ownership interests in 3m consolidated entities. the changes in noncontrolling interest amounts have largely related to sumitomo 3m limited (japan), which was 3m’s most significant consolidated entity with non-3m ownership interests. as discussed in note 5, on september 1, 2014, 3m purchased the remaining 25 percent ownership in sumitomo 3m limited, bringing 3m’s ownership to 100 percent. thus, effective september 1, 2014, net income attributable to noncontrolling interest was significantly reduced. the primary remaining noncontrolling interest relates to 3m india limited, of which 3m’s effective ownership is 75 percent.
3m estimates that year-on-year currency effects, including hedging impacts, decreased net income attributable to 3m by approximately $97 million and $74 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. these estimates include the effect of translating profits from local currencies into u.s. dollars; the impact of currency fluctuations on the transfer of goods between 3m operations in the united states and abroad; and transaction gains and losses, including derivative instruments designed to reduce foreign currency exchange rate risks and the negative impact of swapping venezuelan bolivars into u.s. dollars. 3m estimates that year-on-year derivative and other transaction gains and losses increased net income attributable to 3m by approximately $8 million in 2014 and decreased net income attributable to 3m by approximately $12 million in 2013. refer to note 11 in the consolidated financial statements for additional information concerning 3m’s hedging activities.
performance by business segment disclosures relating to 3m’s business segments are provided in item 1, business segments. financial information and other disclosures are provided in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. as discussed in note 15, effective in the first quarter of 2014, 3m transferred a product line between divisions within business segments, and in the first, second, and fourth quarters of 2014 also made certain changes within business segments in its continuing effort to improve the alignment of its businesses around markets and customers. segment information presented herein reflects the impact of these changes for all periods presented. 3m manages its operations in five operating business segments. the reportable segments are industrial; safety and graphics; electronics and energy; health care; and consumer.
in addition to these five operating business segments, 3m assigns certain costs to “corporate and unallocated,” which is presented separately in the preceding business segments table and in note 15. corporate and unallocated includes a variety of miscellaneous items, such as corporate investment gains and losses, certain derivative gains and losses, certain insurance-related gains and losses, certain litigation and environmental expenses, corporate restructuring charges and certain under- or over-absorbed costs (e.g. pension, stock-based compensation) that the company may choose not to allocate directly to its business segments. because this category includes a variety of miscellaneous items, it is subject to fluctuation on a quarterly and annual basis.
corporate and unallocated operating expenses decreased by $70 million in 2014 when compared to 2013. this decrease was driven by lower pension and postretirement benefit expenses, which declined year-on-year by $162 million. of this reduction, $116 million was allocated to corporate and unallocated. this was partially offset by higher corporate and unallocated expenses related to year-on-year increases in annual incentive plan expenses and legal accruals.
corporate and unallocated operating expenses decreased by $151 million in 2013 when compared to 2012. of the $151 million decrease in 2013, approximately $127 million was due to lower pension and postretirement benefit expense.
each of 3m’s five business segments absorbed additional incremental investments in both 2014 and 2013 related to business transformation, enabled by 3m’s global erp implementation. this negatively impacted each of the five business segments’ 2014 annual operating margins by approximately 0.20 percentage points when compared to 2013, following an approximate 0.30 percentage point year-on-year reduction in operating income margins for 2013 when compared to 2012.
information related to 3m’s business segments is presented in the tables that follow. organic local-currency sales include both organic volume impacts plus selling price impacts. acquisition impacts, if any, are measured separately for the first twelve months of the acquisition. the divestiture impacts, if any, foreign currency translation impacts and total sales change are also provided for each business segment. any references to emea relate to europe, middle east and africa on a combined basis.
acquisitions                              —             3.6             1.1
sales in industrial totaled $11.0 billion, up 3.1 percent in u.s. dollars. organic local-currency sales increased 4.9 percent, and foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.8 percent. on an organic local-currency basis, sales growth was positive across all businesses, led by aerospace and commercial transportation, automotive oem, 3m purification inc., advanced materials, and abrasive systems.
geographically, organic local-currency sales increased 6 percent in the united states, 5 percent in asia pacific, and 3 percent in both emea and latin america/canada.
sales in industrial totaled $10.7 billion, up 6.5 percent in u.s. dollars. organic local-currency sales increased 4.6 percent, acquisitions added 3.6 percent, and foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.7 percent. on an organic local-currency basis, all of industrial’s businesses experienced positive sales growth in 2013, led by aerospace and commercial transportation, automotive oem, 3m purification inc. (filtration products), and industrial adhesives and tapes. acquisition growth related to the 2012 acquisition of ceradyne, inc. (ceradyne). as disclosed in note 2, in november 2012, 3m acquired ceradyne, which is headquartered in costa mesa, california. ceradyne is involved in the development and production of advanced technical ceramics for demanding applications in the automotive, oil and gas, solar, industrial, electronics and defense industries.
geographically, organic local-currency sales increased 8 percent in latin america/canada, 5 percent in the united states, 4 percent in emea, and 3 percent in asia pacific.
operating income was $2.3 billion in 2013, up 2.8 percent year-on-year. operating income margins decreased by 0.8 percentage points to 21.6 percent. this decline in margins largely related to the ceradyne acquisition, which reduced 2013 operating income margins by 0.7 percentage points. as indicated in the preceding operating business segments section, each of 3m’s five business segments absorbed incremental investments related to business transformation, enabled by 3m’s global erp implementation, which reduced operating income margins in each of 3m’s five business segments by approximately 0.3 percentage points when comparing 2013 to 2012.
acquisitions                              —             1.3             0.6
the safety and graphics segment serves a broad range of markets that increase the safety, security and productivity of people, facilities and systems. major product offerings include personal protection products; traffic safety and security products, including border and civil security solutions; commercial solutions, including commercial graphics sheeting and systems, architectural surface and lighting solutions, and cleaning and protection products for commercial establishments; and roofing granules for asphalt shingles.
sales in safety and graphics totaled $5.7 billion, up 2.7 percent in u.s. dollars. organic local-currency sales increased 5.4 percent, and foreign currency translation reduced sales by 2.7 percent. on an organic local-currency basis, sales growth was led by personal safety. 3m also saw positive organic local-currency sales growth in commercial solutions, and traffic safety and security systems. sales in the roofing granules business declined year-on-year.
organic local-currency sales increased 6 percent in emea, and increased 5 percent in the united states, asia pacific, and latin america/canada.
operating income in 2014 totaled $1.3 billion, up 5.6 percent. operating income margins were 22.6 percent of sales, compared to 22.0 percent in 2013. operating income margins benefited from organic volume leverage plus selling price increases, partially offset by incremental investments related to business transformation, enabled by 3m’s global erp implementation, plus selective restructuring.
sales in safety and graphics totaled $5.6 billion, up 3.3 percent in u.s. dollars. organic local-currency sales increased 4.1 percent, acquisitions added 1.3 percent, and foreign currency translation reduced sales by 2.1 percent. on an organic local-currency basis, sales grew in personal safety, commercial solutions, and industrial minerals. organic local-currency sales declined in traffic safety and security systems. acquisition growth related to the september 2012 purchase of net assets that comprised the business of federal signal technologies group.
organic local-currency sales increased 9 percent in both latin america/canada and asia pacific, and 2 percent in the united states. organic local-currency sales were flat in emea.
operating income in 2013 totaled $1.2 billion, up 1.4 percent. operating income margins were 22.0 percent of sales, compared to 22.4 percent in 2012. this decline in margins related to the federal signal technologies group acquisition, which reduced 2013 operating income margins by 0.5 percentage points.
the electronics and energy segment serves customers in electronics and energy markets, including solutions that improve the dependability, cost-effectiveness, and performance of electronic devices; electrical products, including infrastructure protection; telecommunications networks, and power generation and distribution. this segment’s electronics solutions include optical film solutions for the electronic display industry; packaging and interconnection devices; high performance fluids and abrasives; high-temperature and display tapes; flexible circuits, which use electronic packaging and interconnection technology; and touch systems products, which includes touch screens, touch monitors, and touch sensor components. this segment’s energy solutions include pressure sensitive tapes and resins; electrical insulation; infrastructure products that provide both protection and detection solutions; a wide array of fiber-optic and copper-based telecommunications systems; and renewable energy component solutions for the solar and wind power industries.
the display materials and systems business provides films that serve numerous market segments of the electronic display industry. 3m provides distinct products for five market segments, including products for: 1) lcd computer monitors 2) lcd televisions 3) handheld devices such as cellular phones and tablets 4) notebook pcs and 5) automotive displays. the optical business includes a number of different products that are protected by various patents and groups of patents. these patents provide varying levels of exclusivity to 3m for a number of such products. as some of 3m’s multi-layer optical film patents expired at the end of 2013 and will expire over several years thereafter, 3m will likely see more competition in these products. 3m continues to innovate in the area of optical films and files patents on its new technology and products. 3m’s proprietary manufacturing technology and know-how also provide a competitive advantage to 3m independent of its patents.
organic local-currency sales increased approximately 8 percent in 3m’s electronics-related businesses, with growth led by display materials and systems. in 3m’s energy-related businesses, organic local-currency sales increased approximately 1 percent, with growth in electrical markets and telecommunications, partially offset by reductions in renewable energy.
on a geographic basis, organic local-currency sales increased 8 percent in latin america/canada, 7 percent in asia pacific, and 1 percent in emea, while sales in the united states were flat.
operating income increased 16.8 percent to $1.1 billion in 2014. operating income margins were 19.9 percent compared to 17.7 percent in 2013, helped by sales volume leverage. in addition, recent portfolio management actions are enhancing 3m’s relevance with customers and generating operational efficiencies, which also contributed to the operating income margin improvement in 2014.
electronics and energy sales totaled $5.4 billion, down 1.2 percent in u.s. dollars, with this decrease related to foreign currency translation. organic local-currency sales were flat in 3m’s electronics-related businesses, with sales increases in display materials and systems offset by declines in electronics materials solutions. organic local-currency sales were also flat in 3m’s energy-related businesses, where sales gains in electrical markets were offset by sales declines in telecommunication markets, and renewable energy.
on a geographic basis, organic local-currency sales increased slightly in latin america/canada and asia pacific. organic local-currency sales declined slightly in the united states and emea.
acquisitions                            0.4             0.1             0.3
the health care segment serves markets that include medical clinics and hospitals, pharmaceuticals, dental and orthodontic practitioners, health information systems, and food manufacturing and testing. products and services provided to these and other markets include medical and surgical supplies, skin health and infection prevention products, inhalation and transdermal drug delivery systems, dental and orthodontic products (oral care), health information systems, and food safety products.
health care sales totaled $5.6 billion, an increase of 4.5 percent in u.s. dollars. organic local-currency sales increased 5.8 percent, acquisitions added 0.4 percent, and foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.7 percent. organic local-currency sales grew in all businesses, with the strongest growth in health information systems, drug delivery systems, food safety, critical and chronic care, and infection prevention.
acquisition sales growth related to the april 2014 purchase of treo solutions llc, headquartered in troy, new york. treo solutions llc is a provider of data analytics and business intelligence to healthcare payers and providers.
on a geographic basis, organic local-currency sales increased 9 percent in latin america/canada, 8 percent in asia pacific, 6 percent in the united states, and 3 percent in emea.
operating income increased 3.1 percent to $1.7 billion. operating income margins were 30.9 percent in 2014, compared to 31.3 percent in 2013, with acquisition impacts reducing operating income margins by 0.3 percentage points. as discussed below in 2013 results, the gain from sale of a non-strategic equity method investment benefited total year 2013 operating income margins by 0.3 percentage points.
health care sales totaled $5.3 billion, an increase of 3.8 percent in u.s. dollars. organic local-currency sales increased 5.0 percent, acquisitions added 0.1 percent, and foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.3 percent. organic local-currency sales growth was led by health information systems, food safety, critical and chronic care, infection prevention, and oral care. organic local-currency sales declined in drug delivery. acquisition growth related to the april 2012 acquisition of coderyte, inc., which provides clinical natural language processing technology and computer-assisted coding solutions for outpatient providers.
on a geographic basis, organic local-currency sales increased 10 percent in latin america/canada, 8 percent in asia pacific, and 4 percent in both emea and the united states.
operating income increased 1.9 percent to $1.7 billion. operating income margins were 31.3 percent in 2013, compared to 31.9 percent in 2012. effective january 1, 2013, 3m began to absorb additional costs related to the u.s. medical device excise tax, which decreased operating income margins by 0.4 percentage points. the third-quarter 2013 gain from sale of a non-strategic equity method investment benefited total year 2013 operating income margins by 0.3 percentage points.
acquisitions                              —               —             2.0
divestitures                           (0.1   )        (0.1   )           —
the consumer segment serves markets that include consumer retail, office retail, office business to business, home improvement, drug and pharmacy retail, and other markets. products in this segment include office supply products, stationery products, construction and home improvement products (do-it-yourself), home care products, protective material products, certain consumer retail personal safety products, and consumer health care products.
sales in consumer totaled $4.5 billion, up 2.0 percent in u.s. dollars. organic local-currency sales increased 3.9 percent, divestitures reduced sales by 0.1 percent, and foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.8 percent. on an organic local-currency basis, sales growth was led by construction and home improvement. 3m also posted positive growth in its consumer health care and home care businesses. sales in the stationery and office supplies business were flat.
on a geographic basis, organic local-currency sales increased 6 percent in asia pacific, 4 percent in the united states, 3 percent in latin america/canada, and 1 percent in emea.
consumer operating income was $1.0 billion, up 5.3 percent from 2013. operating income margins were 22.0 percent, up from 21.3 percent in 2013. the combination of strong organic growth, productivity, and portfolio prioritization continued to drive efficiencies across this business.
sales in consumer totaled $4.4 billion, up 1.1 percent in u.s. dollars. organic local-currency sales increased 3.0 percent, divestitures reduced sales by 0.1 percent, and foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.8 percent. on an organic local-currency basis, sales growth was led by consumer health care, home care, and construction and home improvement. organic local-currency sales increased slightly in stationery and office supplies, impacted by continued consolidation trends in the office retail and wholesale market.
on a geographic basis, organic local-currency sales increased 7 percent in asia pacific and 3 percent in both latin america/canada and the united states. organic local-currency sales declined 1 percent in emea.
performance by geographic area while 3m manages its businesses globally and believes its business segment results are the most relevant measure of performance, the company also utilizes geographic area data as a secondary performance measure. export sales are generally reported within the geographic area where the final sales to 3m customers are made. a portion of the products or components sold by 3m’s operations to its customers are exported by these customers to different geographic areas. as customers move their operations from one geographic area to another, 3m’s results will follow. thus, net sales in a particular geographic area are not indicative of end-user consumption in that geographic area. financial information related to 3m operations in various geographic areas is provided in note 16.
united            asia               europe,             latin        other                 worldwide states         pacific           middle east          america/        unallocated
acquisitions                                0.2               —                     —                 —        —                           0.1
divestitures                               (0.1   )           —                     —                 —        —                             —
for total year 2014, as shown in the preceding table, sales rose 3.1 percent, with organic volume increases of 3.9 percent and selling price increases of 1.0 percent. acquisitions added 0.1 percent, while foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.9 percent. organic local-currency sales increased 6.3 percent in asia pacific, 4.9 percent in the united states, 4.5 percent in latin america/canada, and 3.2 percent in emea. for 2014, international operations represented 63.2 percent of 3m’s sales.
united            asia                europe,             latin        other                 worldwide states         pacific            middle east          america/        unallocated
acquisitions                                2.5             0.2                    2.0               0.3        —                           1.4
divestitures                               (0.1   )           —                      —                 —        —                             —
for total year 2013, as shown in the preceding table, sales rose 3.2 percent, with organic volume increases of 2.5 percent and selling price increases of 0.9 percent. acquisitions added 1.4 percent, while foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.6 percent. organic local-currency sales increased 7.1 percent in latin america/canada, 3.6 percent in asia
pacific, 3.1 percent in the united states, and 2.1 percent in emea. for 2013, international operations represented 63.9 percent of 3m’s sales.
geographic area supplemental information employees as of december 31,                           capital spending                        property, plant and equipment - net as of december 31,
united states                         35,581           34,719           34,851            $909             $941             $816          $4,619            $4,478
employment increased by 1,133 positions in 2014 and 990 positions in 2013. the primary factors that increased employment in both years was additions in developing economies to support growth, plus additions related to the treo solutions llc acquisition in 2014.
capital spending/net property, plant and equipment:
investments in property, plant and equipment enable growth across many diverse markets, helping to meet product demand and increasing manufacturing efficiency. 3m’s capital spending by geography has been led by the united states (61% of spending in 2014), followed by europe, middle east and africa, asia pacific, and latin america/canada. 3m is continuing to increase its manufacturing and sourcing capability, particularly in developing economies, in order to more closely align its product capability with its sales in major geographic areas. 3m will continue to make investments in critical developing markets, such as brazil, china, mexico, panama, poland, singapore, southeast asia, and turkey. capital spending is discussed in more detail later in md&a in the section entitled “cash flows from investing activities.”
critical accounting estimates information regarding significant accounting policies is included in note 1. as stated in note 1, the preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
the company believes its most critical accounting estimates relate to legal proceedings, the company’s pension and postretirement obligations, asset impairments and income taxes. senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of its critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of 3m’s board of directors.
the categories of claims for which the company has a probable and estimable liability, the amount of its liability accruals, and the estimates of its related insurance receivables are critical accounting estimates related to legal proceedings. please refer to the section entitled “process for disclosure and recording of liabilities and insurance receivables related to legal proceedings” (contained in “legal proceedings” in note 13) for additional information about such estimates.
3m has various company-sponsored retirement plans covering substantially all u.s. employees and many employees outside the united states. the primary u.s. defined-benefit pension plan was closed to new participants effective january 1, 2009. the company accounts for its defined benefit pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans in accordance with accounting standard codification (asc) 715, compensation — retirement benefits, in measuring plan assets and benefit obligations and in determining the amount of net periodic benefit cost. asc 715
requires employers to recognize the underfunded or overfunded status of a defined benefit pension or postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position and recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur through accumulated other comprehensive income, which is a component of stockholders’ equity. while the company believes the valuation methods used to determine the fair value of plan assets are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.
pension benefits associated with these plans are generally based primarily on each participant’s years of service, compensation, and age at retirement or termination. two critical assumptions, the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets, are important elements of expense and liability measurement. see note 10 for additional discussion of actuarial assumptions used in determining pension and postretirement health care liabilities and expenses.
the company determines the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities as of the december 31 measurement date for its pension and postretirement benefit plans. the discount rate reflects the current rate at which the associated liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year. the company sets its rate to reflect the yield of a portfolio of high quality, fixed-income debt instruments that would produce cash flows sufficient in timing and amount to settle projected future benefits. using this methodology, the company determined a discount rate of 4.10% for the primary u.s. qualified pension plan and 4.07% for u.s. postretirement plans to be appropriate as of december 31, 2014, which represents a decrease from the 4.98% and 4.83% rates, respectively, used as of december 31, 2013. the weighted average discount rate for international pension plans as of december 31, 2014 was 3.11%, a decrease from the 4.02% rate used as of december 31, 2013.
a significant element in determining the company’s pension expense in accordance with asc 715 is the expected return on plan assets, which is based on historical results for similar allocations among asset classes. for the primary u.s. qualified pension plan, the expected long-term rate of return on an annualized basis for 2015 is 7.75%, unchanged from 2013. refer to note 10 for information on how the 2014 rate was determined. return on assets assumptions for international pension and other post-retirement benefit plans are calculated on a plan-by-plan basis using plan asset allocations and expected long-term rate of return assumptions. the weighted average expected return for the international pension plan is 5.90% for 2015, compared to 5.83% for 2014.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, the company recognized total consolidated defined benefit pre-tax pension and postretirement expense (after settlements, curtailments, special termination benefits and other) of $391 million, down from $553 million in 2013. defined benefit pension and postretirement expense (before settlements, curtailments, special termination benefits and other) is anticipated to increase to $601 million in 2015, an increase of $210 million compared to 2014. for the pension plans, holding all other factors constant, a 0.25 percentage point increase/decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would decrease/increase 2015 pension expense by approximately $34 million for u.s. pension plans and approximately $15 million for international pension plans. also, holding all other factors constant, a 0.25 percentage point increase in the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities would decrease 2015 pension expense by approximately $33 million for u.s. pension plans and approximately $24 million for international pension plans. in addition, a 0.25 percentage point decrease in the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities would increase 2015 pension expense by approximately $34 million for u.s. pension plans and approximately $26 million for international pension plans.
as of december 31, 2014, net property, plant and equipment totaled $8.5 billion and net identifiable intangible assets totaled $1.4 billion. management makes estimates and assumptions in preparing the consolidated financial statements for which actual results will emerge over long periods of time. this includes the recoverability of long-lived assets employed in the business, including assets of acquired businesses. these estimates and assumptions are closely monitored by management and periodically adjusted as circumstances warrant. for instance, expected asset lives may be shortened or an impairment recorded based on a change in the expected use of the asset or performance of the related asset group.
3m goodwill totaled approximately $7.1 billion as of december 31, 2014. 3m’s annual goodwill impairment testing is performed in the fourth quarter of each year. impairment testing for goodwill is done at a reporting unit level, with all goodwill assigned to a reporting unit. reporting units are one level below the business segment level, but can be combined when reporting units within the same segment have similar economic characteristics. at 3m, reporting units generally correspond to a division. 3m did not combine any of its reporting units for impairment testing.
an impairment loss generally would be recognized when the carrying amount of the reporting unit’s net assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is determined using earnings for
the reporting unit multiplied by a price/earnings ratio for comparable industry groups, or by using a discounted cash flow analysis. 3m typically uses the price/earnings ratio approach for stable and growing businesses that have a long history and track record of generating positive operating income and cash flows. 3m uses the discounted cash flow approach for start-up, loss position and declining businesses, but also uses discounted cash flow as an additional tool for businesses that may be growing at a slower rate than planned due to economic or other conditions.
as discussed in notes 3 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, effective in the first quarter of 2014, 3m transferred a product line between divisions within business segments, and in the first, second and fourth quarters of 2014 also made certain changes within business segments in its continuing effort to improve the alignment of its businesses around markets and customers. concurrent with these business segment changes, certain products were moved between and within business segments. for any product moves that resulted in reporting unit changes, the company applied the relative fair value method to determine the impact on goodwill of the associated reporting units. during the first, second and fourth quarters of 2014, the company completed its assessment of any potential goodwill impairment for reporting units impacted by this new structure and determined that no impairment existed. the discussion that follows relates to the separate fourth quarter 2014 annual impairment test and is in the context of the reporting unit structure that existed at that time.
as of october 1, 2014, 3m had 27 primary reporting units, with ten reporting units accounting for approximately 81 percent of the goodwill. these ten reporting units were comprised of the following divisions: 3m espe, 3m purification inc., advanced materials, communication markets, display materials and systems, health information systems, industrial adhesives and tapes, infection prevention, personal safety, and traffic safety and security systems. the estimated fair values for all significant reporting units were in excess of carrying value by approximately 50 percent or more. 3m’s market value at both september 30, 2014, and december 31, 2014, was significantly in excess of its equity of approximately $16 billion and $13 billion, respectively.
in 2014, 3m primarily used an industry price-earnings ratio approach, but also used a discounted cash flows approach for certain reporting units, to determine fair values. where applicable, 3m used a weighted-average discounted cash flow analysis for certain divisions, using projected cash flows that were weighted based on different sales growth and terminal value assumptions, among other factors. the weighting was based on management’s estimates of the likelihood of each scenario occurring.
3m is an integrated materials enterprise, thus many of 3m’s businesses could not easily be sold on a stand-alone basis. 3m’s focus on research and development has resulted in a portion of 3m’s value being comprised of internally developed businesses that have no goodwill associated with them. based on the annual test in the fourth quarter of 2014, no goodwill impairment was indicated for any of the reporting units.
factors which could result in future impairment charges include, among others, changes in worldwide economic conditions, changes in competitive conditions and customer preferences, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. these risk factors are discussed in item 1a, “risk factors,” of this document. in addition, changes in the weighted average cost of capital could also impact impairment testing results. as indicated above, during the first, second and fourth quarters of 2014, the company completed its assessment of any potential goodwill impairment for reporting units impacted by product moves plus other changes between reporting units and determined that no impairment existed. long-lived assets with a definite life are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (asset group) may not be recoverable. if future non-cash asset impairment charges are taken, 3m would expect that only a portion of the long-lived assets or goodwill would be impaired. 3m will continue to monitor its reporting units and asset groups in 2015 for any triggering events or other indicators of impairment.
the extent of 3m’s operations involves dealing with uncertainties and judgments in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. the final taxes paid are dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and resolution of disputes arising from federal, state, and international tax audits. the company recognizes potential liabilities and records tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the united states and other tax jurisdictions based on its estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. the company follows guidance provided by asc 740, income taxes, regarding uncertainty in income taxes, to record these liabilities (refer to note 7 for additional information). the company adjusts these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from the company’s current estimate of the tax liabilities. if the company’s estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional charge to expense would result. if payment of
these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when the company determines the liabilities are no longer necessary.
financial condition and liquidity
3m continues to manage towards a better-optimized capital structure by adding balance sheet leverage, which is being used for two purposes: first, to invest in 3m’s businesses, and second, to increase cash returns to shareholders. the strength and stability of 3m’s business model and strong free cash flow capability, together with proven capital markets access, enables 3m to implement this strategy while continuing to invest in its businesses. organic growth remains a high priority, thus 3m will continue to invest in research and development, capital expenditures, and commercialization capability. in addition, sources for cash availability in the united states, such as ongoing cash flow from operations and access to capital markets, have historically been sufficient to fund dividend payments to shareholders and share repurchases, as well as funding u.s. acquisitions and other items as needed. for those international earnings considered to be reinvested indefinitely, the company currently has no plans or intentions to repatriate these funds for u.s. operations. however, if these international funds are needed for operations in the u.s., 3m would be required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes to repatriate them. see note 7 for further information on earnings considered to be reinvested indefinitely.
3m’s primary short-term liquidity needs are met through cash on hand and u.s. commercial paper issuances. 3m resumed commercial paper funding in july 2013 for the first time since late 2008. 3m expects to maintain a consistent presence in the market and believes it will have continuous access to the commercial paper market. 3m’s commercial paper program permits the company to have a maximum of $3 billion outstanding with a maximum maturity of 397 days from date of issuance.
the company defines net debt as total debt less the total of cash, cash equivalents and current and long-term marketable securities. 3m considers net debt and its components to be an important indicator of liquidity and a guiding measure of capital structure strategy. net debt is not defined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles and may not be computed the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. the following table provides net debt as of december 31, 2014 and 2013.
less: cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities           3,351           4,790
in 2014, net debt increased by $2.3 billion to a net debt balance of $3.5 billion (as of december 31, 2014), as 3m progressed on its capital structure strategy and experienced higher debt levels and lower cash balances in both the u.s. and internationally. specific actions related to cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, in addition to debt, are discussed further below.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities:
at december 31, 2014, 3m had $3.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which approximately $3.3 billion was held by the company’s foreign subsidiaries and less than $100 million was held by the united states. of the $3.3 billion held internationally, u.s. dollar-based cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $1.9 billion, or 58 percent, which was invested in money market funds, asset-backed securities, agency securities, corporate medium-term note securities and other high quality fixed income securities. at december 31, 2013, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by the company’s foreign subsidiaries and in the united states totaled approximately $4.3 billion and $0.5 billion, respectively.
the company’s total balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was $1.4 billion lower at december 31, 2014 when compared to december 31, 2013. 3m was able to manage the business with lower cash levels, particularly in the u.s., due to significant ongoing cash flow generation and proven access to capital markets funding throughout business cycles.
the company’s total debt was $0.8 billion higher at december 31, 2014 when compared to december 31, 2013. the strength of 3m’s capital structure and significant ongoing cash flows provide 3m proven access to capital markets. additionally, the company’s maturity profile is staggered to help ensure refinancing needs in any given year are reasonable in proportion to the total portfolio. as of february 2015, the company has an aa- credit rating, with a stable outlook, from standard & poor’s and an aa3 credit rating, with a negative outlook, from moody’s investors service. the company’s ongoing transition to a more optimized capital structure, financed with additional low-cost debt, could impact 3m’s credit rating in the future.
effective may 16, 2014, the company updated its “well-known seasoned issuer” shelf registration statement, which registers an indeterminate amount of debt or equity securities for future sales. this replaced 3m’s previous shelf registration dated august 5, 2011. in june 2014, in connection with the may 16, 2014 shelf registration, 3m re-commenced its medium-term notes program (series f) under which 3m may issue, from time to time, up to $9 billion aggregate principal amount of notes. included in this $9 billion are $2.25 billion of notes previously issued in 2011 and 2012 as part of series f.
significant long-term debt activity during 2013 is summarized below:
significant long-term debt activity in 2014 is summarized below:
·                  in june 2014, 3m issued $625 million aggregate principal amount of five-year fixed-rate medium-term notes due 2019 with a coupon rate of 1.625%. upon debt issuance, the company entered into an interest rate swap to convert $600 million of this amount to an interest rate based on a floating libor index (series f).
·                  in addition, in june 2014, 3m issued $325 million aggregate principal amount of thirty-year fixed-rate medium-term notes due 2044 with a coupon rate of 3.875% (series f).
·                  in november 2014, the company issued 500 million euros aggregate principal amount of four-year floating rate medium-term notes due 2018 with interest based on a floating euribor index (series f).
·                  also, in november 2014, the company issued a 750 million euros aggregate principal amount of 12-year fixed rate medium-term notes due 2026 with a coupon rate of 1.5% (series f).
in august 2014, 3m amended and extended the existing $1.5 billion five-year multi-currency revolving credit agreement to a $2.25 billion five-year multi-currency revolving credit agreement, with an expiration date of august 2019. this credit agreement includes a provision under which 3m may request an increase of up to $2.25 billion, bringing the total facility up to $4.5 billion (at the lenders’ discretion). this facility was undrawn at december 31, 2014. under the $2.25 billion credit agreement, the company is required to maintain its ebitda to interest ratio as of the end of each fiscal quarter at not less than 3.0 to 1. this is calculated (as defined in the agreement) as the ratio of consolidated total ebitda for the four consecutive quarters then ended to total interest expense on all funded debt for the same period. at december 31, 2014, this ratio was approximately 60 to 1. debt covenants do not restrict the payment of dividends.
in december 2012, 3m entered into a three-year 66 million british pound (approximately $106 million based on agreement date exchange rates) committed credit agreement, which was fully drawn as of december 31, 2012. 3m repaid 36 million british pounds in the first quarter of 2014, with the remaining balance of 30 million british pounds repaid in december 2014. apart from the committed facilities, an additional $219 million in stand-alone letters of credit and $18 million in bank guarantees were also issued and outstanding at december 31, 2014. these lines of credit are utilized in connection with normal business activities.
3m’s strong balance sheet and liquidity provide the company with significant flexibility to take advantage of numerous opportunities going forward. the company will continue to invest in its operations to drive growth, including continual review of acquisition opportunities.
various assets and liabilities, including cash and short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. working capital (defined as current assets minus current liabilities) totaled $5.767 billion at december 31, 2014, compared with $5.235 billion at december 31, 2013, an increase of $532 million. current asset balance changes decreased working capital by $968 million, driven by decreases in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, plus inventory decreases. current liability balance changes increased working capital by $1.5 billion, largely due to decreases in short-term debt.
the company uses various working capital measures that place emphasis and focus on certain working capital assets and liabilities. these measures are not defined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles and may not be computed the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. one of the primary working capital measures 3m uses is a combined index, which includes accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable. this combined index (defined as quarterly net sales — fourth quarter at year-end — multiplied by four, divided by ending net accounts receivable plus inventories less accounts payable) was 5.0 at december 31, 2014 compared to 4.8 at december 31, 2013. receivables decreased $15 million, or 0.4 percent, compared with december 31, 2013, with higher december 2014 sales compared to december 2013 sales contributing to this increase. currency translation impacts decreased accounts receivable by $292 million. inventories decreased $158 million, or 4.1 percent, compared with december 31, 2013. the inventory decrease was attributable to currency translation, which decreased inventories by $271 million, partially offset by an increase in demand. accounts payable had a minimal change when compared with december 31, 2013.
return on invested capital (non-gaap measure):
the company uses non-gaap measures to focus on shareholder value creation. 3m uses return on invested capital (roic), defined as annualized after-tax operating income (including interest income) divided by average operating capital. operating capital is defined as net assets (total assets less total liabilities) excluding debt. this measure is not recognized under u.s. gaap and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. roic was 22.0 percent for 2014, and 20.0 percent for 2013.
cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities are provided in the tables that follow. individual amounts in the consolidated statement of cash flows exclude the effects of acquisitions, divestitures and exchange rate impacts on cash and cash equivalents, which are presented separately in the cash flows. thus, the amounts presented in the following operating, investing and financing activities tables reflect changes in balances from period to period adjusted for these effects.
cash flows from operating activities:
excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation            (167   )         (92   )         (62   )
net cash provided by operating activities                  $6,626          $5,817          $5,300
cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period to period, as pension funding decisions, tax timing differences and other items can significantly impact cash flows.
in 2014, cash flows provided by operating activities increased $809 million compared to 2013. operating cash flows benefited year-on-year from increases in net income including noncontrolling interest, lower pension and postretirement plans contributions, and lower year-on-year working capital requirements. the combination of accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable increased working capital by $306 million in 2014, compared to increases of $407 million in 2013, with the year-on-year improvement related to higher receivable and inventory turns. additional discussion on working capital changes is provided earlier in the “financial condition and liquidity” section.
in 2013, cash flows provided by operating activities increased $517 million compared to 2012. operating cash flows benefited year-on-year from $664 million of lower pension and postretirement plans contributions and increases in net income including noncontrolling interest, which were partially offset by higher year-on-year working capital requirements. the combination of accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable increased working capital by $407 million in 2013, compared to increases of $312 million in 2012, primarily driven by year-on-year increases in working capital requirements due to increasing sales.
in addition, to net cash provided by operating activities, 3m believes free cash flow and free cash flow conversion are useful measures of performance and uses these measures as an indication of the strength of the company and its ability to generate cash. free cash flow and free cash flow conversion are not defined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). therefore, they should not be considered a substitute for income or cash flow data prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 3m defines free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property, plant and equipment (which is classified as an investing activity). it should not be inferred that the entire free cash flow amount is available for discretionary expenditures. 3m defines free cash flow conversion as free cash flow divided by net income attributable to 3m. below find a recap of free cash flow and free cash flow conversion for 2014, 2013 and 2012.
net cash provided by operating activities                      $6,626          $5,817          $5,300
cash flows from investing activities:
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                                        (94   )           —          (1,046   )
purchases and proceeds from maturities and sale of marketable securities and investments, net             754             627            (211   )
other investing activities                                                                                102              46              14
net cash used in investing activities                                                                   $(596   )       $(856   )     $(2,686   )
investments in property, plant and equipment enable growth across many diverse markets, helping to meet product demand and increasing manufacturing efficiency. capital spending was $1.493 billion in 2014, compared to $1.665 billion in 2013 and $1.484 billion in 2012. the company expects 2015 capital spending to be approximately $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion as 3m continues to invest in its businesses.
3m invests in renewable and maintenance programs, which pertains to cost reduction, cycle time, maintaining and renewing current capacity, eliminating pollution, and compliance. costs related to maintenance, ordinary repairs, and certain other items are expensed. 3m also invests in growth, which adds to capacity, driven by new products, both through expansion of current facilities and new facilities, plus research facilities. finally, 3m also invests in other initiatives, such as information technology (it) and corporate laboratory facilities.
in 2014, investments in growth across geographies included production equipment, new sites and buildings, capacity investments, converting, and distribution, and other growth initiatives. other investments include it systems and infrastructure, including an ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an erp system on a worldwide basis, in addition, 3m began a multi-year program in the united states to renew and upgrade laboratory facilities and administrative buildings.
in 2013, 3m continued its expansion of manufacturing capacity in key growth markets, including investments in the u.s., china, germany, and brazil. this included significant investments across 3m’s many businesses, such as abrasives, industrial adhesives and tapes, advanced materials, electronics-related, infection prevention, and other businesses. 3m continued its investments in it systems and infrastructure. in addition, 3m sustained existing facilities through general maintenance, cost reduction, and compliance efforts.
in 2012, 3m expanded manufacturing capacity in key growth markets, particularly with respect to international and developing countries. this included investments in china, turkey and poland, in addition to investments in singapore and the u.s. 3m also increased investments in it systems and infrastructure and made strategic investments in research/development infrastructure and manufacturing sites to lay the foundation for future growth.
refer to note 2 for information on acquisitions and divestitures. the company is actively considering additional acquisitions, investments and strategic alliances, and from time to time may also divest certain businesses.
purchases of marketable securities and investments and proceeds from maturities and sale of marketable securities and investments are primarily attributable to asset-backed securities, agency securities, corporate medium-term note securities and other securities, which are classified as available-for-sale. refer to note 8 for more details about 3m’s diversified marketable securities portfolio. purchases of investments include additional survivor benefit insurance, plus cost method and equity investments.
cash flows from financing activities:
repayment of debt (maturities greater than 90 days)                                           (1,625   )        (859   )        (612   )
proceeds from debt (maturities greater than 90 days)                                           2,608             824           1,370
proceeds from issuances of treasury stock pursuant to stock option and benefit plans             968           1,609           1,012
excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation                                                167              92              62
net cash used in financing activities                                                        $(6,603   )     $(5,246   )     $(2,058   )
total debt was $6.8 billion at december 31, 2014, and $6.0 billion at both december 31, 2013, and december 31, 2012. total debt was 34 percent of total capital (total capital is defined as debt plus equity) at year-end 2014, and 25 percent of total capital at both year-end 2013 and 2012. in 2014, changes in short-term debt largely related to bank borrowings by international subsidiaries.
in 2014, repayment of debt primarily includes repayment of a eurobond repaid in july 2014 totaling 1.025 billion euros (approximately $1.4 billion carrying value), repayment of the three-year 66 million british pound committed credit facility agreement entered into in december 2012, and repayment of other international debt. in 2013, repayment of debt related to the august 2013 repayment of $850 million (principal amount) of medium-term notes. in 2012, repayment of debt included $500 million (principal amount) of medium-term notes and repayment of debt acquired, primarily ceradyne, inc.
in 2014, proceeds from debt primarily related to the june 2014 issuances of $625 million aggregate principal amount of five-year fixed rate medium-term notes due 2019 and $325 million aggregate principal amount of thirty-year fixed rate medium-term notes due 2044, as well as the november 2014 issuances of 500 million euros principal amount of four-year floating rate medium-term notes due 2018 and 750 million euros principal amount of 12-year fixed rate medium-term notes due 2026 (refer to note 9 for more detail). in addition, proceeds from debt for 2014 also include bank borrowings by international subsidiaries. proceeds from debt in 2013 related to the november 2013 issuance of an eight-year eurobond for an amount of 600 million euros. proceeds from debt in 2012 related to the june 2012 issuance of $650 million aggregate principal amount of five-year fixed rate medium-term notes due 2017 and $600 million aggregate principal amount of ten-year fixed rate medium-term notes due 2022, in addition to 66 million gbp (approximately $106 million) in uk borrowings, which was paid in full in 2014 (refer to note 9 for further detail on these items).
repurchases of common stock are made to support the company’s stock-based employee compensation plans and for other corporate purposes. in february 2014, 3m’s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $12 billion of 3m’s outstanding common stock, which replaced the company’s february 2013 repurchase program. this authorization has no pre-established end date. in 2014, the company purchased $5.652 billion of stock, and in 2013 the company purchased $5.212 billion of stock, up significantly from $2.204 billion in 2012. the company expects full-year 2015 gross share repurchases will be in the range of $3 billion to $5 billion. for more information, refer to the table titled “issuer purchases of equity securities” in part ii, item 5. the company does not utilize derivative instruments linked to the company’s stock.
on september 1, 2014, 3m purchased (via sumitomo 3m limited) sumitomo electric industries, ltd.’s 25 percent interest in 3m’s consolidated sumitomo 3m limited subsidiary for 90 billion japanese yen. upon completion of this transaction, 3m owned 100 percent of sumitomo 3m limited. this was reflected as a “purchase of noncontrolling interest” in the financing section of the consolidated statement of cash flows. in addition, in april 2014, 3m purchased the remaining noncontrolling interest in a consolidated 3m subsidiary for an immaterial amount, which was also classified as a “purchase of noncontrolling interest” in the financing section of the consolidated statement of cash flows.
in march 2013, 3m sold shares in 3m india limited, a subsidiary of the company, in return for $8 million. the noncontrolling interest shares of this subsidiary trade on a public exchange in india. this sale of shares complied with an amendment to indian securities regulations that required 3m india limited, as a listed company, to achieve a minimum public shareholding of at least 25 percent. as a result of this transaction, 3m’s ownership in 3m india limited was reduced from 76 percent to 75 percent. the $8 million received in the first quarter of 2013 was classified as other financing activity in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
in addition to the march 2013 sale of noncontrolling interest described above, other cash flows from financing activities may include various other items, such as changes in cash overdraft balances, and principal payments for capital leases.
as of december 31, 2014, the company has not utilized special purpose entities to facilitate off-balance sheet financing arrangements. refer to the section entitled “warranties/guarantees” in note 13 for discussion of accrued product warranty liabilities and guarantees.
in addition to guarantees, 3m, in the normal course of business, periodically enters into agreements that require the company to indemnify either major customers or suppliers for specific risks, such as claims for injury or property damage arising out of the use of 3m products or the negligence of 3m personnel, or claims alleging that 3m products infringe third-party patents or other intellectual property. while 3m’s maximum exposure under these indemnification provisions cannot be estimated, these indemnifications are not expected to have a material impact on the company’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
capital leases (note 13)                                        73              11              11               7             4             3              37
unconditional purchase obligations and other                 1,237             879             139              92            55            34              38
long-term debt payments due in 2015, 2016 and 2017 include floating rate notes totaling $55 million (classified as current portion of long-term debt), $71 million (included in other borrowings in the long-term debt table), and $96 million (included as a separate floating rate note in the long-term debt table), respectively, as a result of put provisions associated with these debt instruments. interest projections on both floating and fixed rate long-term debt, including the effects of interest rate swaps, are based on effective interest rates as of december 31, 2014.
unconditional purchase obligations are defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on the company. included in the unconditional purchase obligations category above are certain obligations related to take or pay contracts, capital commitments, service agreements and utilities. these estimates include both unconditional purchase obligations with terms in excess of one year and normal ongoing purchase obligations with terms of less than one year. many of these commitments relate to take or pay contracts, in which 3m guarantees payment to ensure availability of products or services that are sold to customers. the company expects to receive consideration (products or services) for these unconditional purchase obligations. contractual capital commitments are included in the preceding table, but these commitments represent a small part of the company’s expected capital spending in 2014 and beyond. the purchase obligation amounts do not represent the entire anticipated purchases in the future, but represent only those items for which the company is contractually obligated. the majority of 3m’s products and services are purchased as needed, with no unconditional commitment. for this reason, these amounts will not provide a reliable indicator of the company’s expected future cash outflows on a stand-alone basis.
other obligations, included in the preceding table within the caption entitled “unconditional purchase obligations and other,” include the current portion of the liability for uncertain tax positions under asc 740, which is expected to be paid
out in cash in the next 12 months. the company is not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the long-term payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time; therefore, the long-term portion of the net tax liability of $262 million is excluded from the preceding table. refer to note 7 for further details.
as discussed in note 10, the company does not have a required minimum cash pension contribution obligation for its u.s. plans in 2015 and company contributions to its u.s. and international pension plans are expected to be largely discretionary in future years; therefore, amounts related to these plans are not included in the preceding table.
financial instruments the company enters into foreign exchange forward contracts, options and swaps to hedge against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash flows denominated in foreign currencies and certain intercompany financing transactions. the company manages interest rate risks using a mix of fixed and floating rate debt. to help manage borrowing costs, the company may enter into interest rate swaps. under these arrangements, the company agrees to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional principal amount. the company manages commodity price risks through negotiated supply contracts, price protection agreements and forward contracts.
refer to item 7a, “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk”, for further discussion of foreign exchange rates risk, interest rates risk, commodity prices risk and value at risk analysis.