item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating us and our common stock. some of these risks relate principally to our business and the industry in which we operate, while others relate to the ownership of our common stock.
our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks, and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline.
risks relating to our business a substantial or extended decline in refining and marketing gross margins would reduce our operating results and cash flows and could materially and adversely impact our future rate of growth, the carrying value of our assets and our ability to execute share repurchases and continue the payment of our base dividend.
our operating results, cash flows, future rate of growth, the carrying value of our assets and our ability to execute share repurchases and continue the payment of our base dividend are highly dependent on the margins we realize on our refined products. the measure of the difference between market prices for refined products and crude oil, or crack spread, is commonly used by the industry as a proxy for refining and marketing gross margins. historically, refining and marketing gross margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile. our margins from the sale of gasoline and other refined products are influenced by a number of conditions, including the price of crude oil. we do not produce crude oil and must purchase all of the crude oil we refine. the price of crude oil and the price at which we can sell our refined products may fluctuate independently due to a variety of regional and global market conditions. any overall change in crack spreads will impact our refining and marketing gross margins. many of the factors influencing a change in crack spreads and refining and marketing gross margins are beyond our control. these factors include:
•   natural gas and electricity supply costs incurred by refineries;
•   the ability of the members of opec to agree to and maintain production controls;
•   political instability or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions;
•   local weather conditions;
•   seasonality of demand in our marketing area due to increased highway traffic in the spring and summer months;
•   the price and availability of alternative and competing forms of energy;
•   local, regional, national and worldwide economic conditions.
some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. the longer-term effects of these and other factors on refining and marketing gross margins are uncertain. we purchase our crude oil and other refinery feedstocks weeks before we refine them and sell the refined products. price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined products from these feedstocks could have a significant effect on our financial results. we also purchase refined products manufactured by others for resale to our customers. price changes during the periods between purchasing and reselling those refined products also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
lower refining and marketing gross margins may reduce the amount of refined products we produce, which may reduce our revenues, income from operations and cash flows. significant reductions in refining and marketing gross margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets (such as property, plant and equipment, inventory or goodwill), decrease or eliminate our share repurchase activity and our base dividend.
our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters, such as acts of terrorism. for example, pipelines provide a nearly-exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. in such instances, a prolonged interruption in service of such a pipeline could materially and adversely affect the operations, profitability and cash flows of the impacted refinery.
explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents involving our assets or operations could result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, environmental pollution, impairment of operations and substantial losses to us. damages resulting from an incident involving any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially substantial claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities.
we do not insure against all potential losses, and, therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by unexpected liabilities and increased costs.
we maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from operating hazards. uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards, including but not limited to, explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents involving our assets or operations, could reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. historically, we also have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and resulting business interruption to our major facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of the types and amounts we desire at reasonable rates.
we rely on the performance of our information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are heavily dependent on our information technology systems and network infrastructure and maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. these information systems involve data network and telecommunications, internet access and website functionality, and various computer hardware equipment and software applications, including those that are critical to the safe operation of our business. these systems and infrastructure are subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources including natural disasters, software viruses or other malware, power failures, cyber-attacks and other events. we also face various other cyber-security threats, including threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems unusable. to protect against such attempts of unauthorized access or attack, we have implemented infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans. there can be no guarantee such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be effective.
the retail market is diverse and highly competitive, and very aggressive competition could adversely impact our business.
we face strong competition in the market for the sale of retail gasoline, diesel fuel and merchandise. our competitors include outlets owned or operated by fully integrated major oil companies or their dealers or jobbers, and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling gasoline or merchandise at very competitive prices. several non-traditional retailers such as supermarkets, club stores and mass merchants are in the retail business. these non-traditional gasoline retailers have obtained a significant share of the transportation fuels market and we expect their market share to grow. because of their diversity, integration of operations, experienced management and greater financial resources, these companies may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions or levels of low or no profitability in the retail segment of the market. in addition, these retailers may use promotional pricing or discounts, both at the pump and in the store, to encourage in-store merchandise sales. these activities by our competitors could pressure us to offer similar discounts, adversely affecting our profit margins. additionally, the loss of market share by our convenience stores to these and other retailers relating to either gasoline or merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the development, availability and marketing of alternative and competing fuels in the retail market could adversely impact our business. we compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel needs of our consumers. increased competition from these alternatives as a result of governmental regulations, technological advances and consumer demand could have an impact on pricing and demand for our products and our profitability.
we utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. in addition to our own operational risks discussed above, we could experience interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted because of weather events, accidents, governmental regulations or third-party actions. a prolonged disruption of the ability of the pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products to or from one or more of our refineries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may incur losses to our business as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions.
we currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to enter into these types of transactions in the future. a failure of a futures commission merchant or counterparty to perform would affect these transactions. to the extent the instruments we utilize to manage these exposures are not effective, we may incur losses related to the ineffective portion of the derivative transaction or costs related to moving the derivative positions to another futures commission merchant or counterparty once a failure has occurred.
we have significant debt obligations; therefore our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile, a decrease in debt capacity or unsecured commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting credit markets generally.
at december 31, 2014, our total debt obligations for borrowed money and capital lease obligations were $6.7 billion. we may incur substantial additional debt obligations in the future.
•   increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions;
•   limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry;
•   limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders;
•   limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and
•   requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and other purposes.
a decrease in our debt or commercial credit capacity, including unsecured credit extended by third-party suppliers, or a deterioration in our credit profile could increase our costs of borrowing money and/or limit our access to the capital markets and commercial credit, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we have a trade receivables securitization facility that provides liquidity of up to $1.3 billion depending on the amount of eligible domestic trade accounts receivables. in periods of lower prices, we may not have sufficient eligible accounts receivables to support full availability of this facility.
historic or current operations could subject us to significant legal liability or restrict our ability to operate.
we currently are defending litigation and anticipate we will be required to defend new litigation in the future. our operations and those of our predecessors could expose us to litigation and civil claims by private plaintiffs for alleged damages related to contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, products liability, consumer credit or privacy laws, product pricing or antitrust laws or any other laws or regulations that apply to our operations. while an adverse outcome in most litigation matters would not be expected to be material to us, in class-action litigation, large classes of plaintiffs may allege damages relating to extended periods of time or other alleged facts and circumstances that could increase the amount of potential damages. attorneys general and other government officials may pursue litigation in which they seek to recover civil damages from companies on behalf of a state or its citizens for a variety of claims, including violation of consumer protection and product pricing laws or natural resources damages. we are defending litigation of that type and anticipate that we will be required to defend new litigation of that type in the future. if we are not able to successfully defend such litigation, it may result in liability to our company that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we do not have insurance covering all of these potential liabilities. in addition to substantial liability, plaintiffs in litigation may also seek injunctive relief which, if imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor disruptions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
approximately 38 percent of our refining employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. the contracts for the hourly refinery workers at our texas city and detroit refineries are scheduled to expire in march 2015 and january 2019, respectively. the contracts for the hourly refinery workers at our canton, catlettsburg and galveston bay refineries expired on january 31, 2015 and no successor agreements have been negotiated. in addition, three agreements scheduled to expire on september 14, 2015, march 14, 2016 and june 30, 2016, respectively, cover certain speedway llc hourly employees at certain outlets in new york and new jersey. these contracts may be renewed at an increased cost to us. in addition, we have experienced, or may experience, work stoppages as a result of labor disagreements. any prolonged work stoppages disrupting operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of a publicly traded master limited partnership, mplx, which may involve a greater exposure to certain legal liabilities than existed under our historic business operations.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of mplx, a publicly traded master limited partnership. our control of the general partner of mplx may increase the possibility of claims of breach of fiduciary duties including claims of conflicts of interest related to mplx. any liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if foreign ownership of our stock exceeds certain levels, we could be prohibited from operating inland river vessels, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the shipping act of 1916 and merchant marine act of 1920, which we refer to collectively as the maritime laws, generally require that vessels engaged in u.s. coastwise trade be owned by u.s. citizens. among other requirements to establish citizenship, corporations that own such vessels must be owned at least 75 percent by u.s. citizens. if we fail to maintain compliance with the maritime laws, we would be prohibited from operating vessels in the u.s. inland waters. such a prohibition could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to certain continuing contingent liabilities of marathon oil relating to taxes and other matters and to potential liabilities pursuant to the tax sharing agreement we entered into with marathon oil that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
although the spinoff occurred in mid 2011, certain liabilities of marathon oil could become our obligations. for example, under the internal revenue code of 1986 (the "code") and related rules and regulations, each corporation that was a member of the marathon oil consolidated tax reporting group during any taxable period or portion of any taxable period ending on or before the effective time of the spinoff is jointly and severally liable for the federal income tax liability of the entire marathon oil consolidated tax reporting group for that taxable period. in connection with the spinoff, we entered into a tax sharing agreement with marathon oil that allocates the responsibility for prior period taxes of the marathon oil consolidated tax reporting group between us and marathon oil. however, if marathon oil is unable to pay any prior period taxes for which it is responsible, we could be required to pay the entire amount of such taxes. other provisions of federal law establish similar liability for other matters, including laws governing tax-qualified pension plans as well as other contingent liabilities.
also pursuant to the tax sharing agreement, following the spinoff we are responsible generally for all taxes attributable to us or any of our subsidiaries, whether accruing before, on or after the spinoff. we also agreed to be responsible for, and indemnify marathon oil with respect to, all taxes arising as a result of the spinoff (or certain internal restructuring transactions) failing to qualify as transactions under sections 368(a) and 355 of the code for u.s. federal income tax purposes to the extent such tax liability arises as a result of any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other obligation by us or certain affiliates made in connection with the issuance of the private letter ruling relating to the spinoff or in the tax sharing agreement. in addition, we agreed to indemnify marathon oil for specified tax-related liabilities associated with our 2005 acquisition of the minority interest in our refining joint venture from ashland inc. our indemnification obligations to marathon oil and its subsidiaries, officers and directors are not limited or subject to any cap. if we are required to indemnify marathon oil and its subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors under the tax sharing agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities. at this time, we cannot precisely quantify the amount of these liabilities that have been assumed pursuant to the tax sharing agreement, and there can be no assurances as to their final amounts. the tax liabilities described in this paragraph could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
the spinoff could be determined not to qualify as a tax-free transaction, and marathon oil and its stockholders could be subject to material amounts of taxes and, in certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify marathon oil for material taxes pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax sharing agreement.
marathon oil received a private letter ruling from the internal revenue service (the "irs"), to the effect that, among other things, the distribution of shares of mpc common stock in the spinoff qualifies as tax-free to marathon oil, us and marathon oil stockholders for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a) and related provisions of the code. if the factual assumptions or representations made in the private letter ruling request are inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, then marathon oil would not be able to continue to rely on the ruling. we are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause the assumptions or representations that were relied on in the private letter ruling to be inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect. if, notwithstanding receipt of the private letter ruling, the spinoff were determined not to qualify under section 355 of the code, marathon oil would be subject to tax as if it had sold its shares of common stock of our company in a taxable sale for their fair market value and would recognize a taxable gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of such shares over its tax basis in such shares.
with respect to taxes and other liabilities that could be imposed on marathon oil in connection with the spinoff (and certain related transactions) as a result of a final determination that is inconsistent with the anticipated tax consequences as set forth in the private letter ruling, we would be liable to marathon oil under the tax sharing agreement for any such taxes or liabilities attributable to actions taken by or with respect to us, any of our affiliates, or any person that, after the spinoff, is our affiliate. we may be similarly liable if we breach specified representations or covenants set forth in the tax sharing agreement. if we are required to indemnify marathon oil for taxes incurred as a result of the spinoff (or certain related transactions) being taxable to marathon oil, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we have potential liabilities pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement we entered into with marathon oil in connection with the spinoff that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in connection with the spinoff, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement with marathon oil that provides for, among other things, the principal corporate transactions that were required to affect the spinoff, certain conditions to the spinoff and provisions governing the relationship between our company and marathon oil with respect to and resulting from the spinoff. among other things, the separation and distribution agreement provides for indemnification obligations designed to make us financially responsible for substantially all liabilities that may exist relating to our downstream business activities, whether incurred prior to or after the spinoff, as well as certain obligations of marathon oil assumed by us. our obligations to indemnify marathon oil under the circumstances set forth in the separation and distribution agreement could subject us to substantial liabilities. marathon oil also agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. however, third parties could seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities retained by marathon oil, and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from marathon oil will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, that marathon oil will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations or that marathon oil's insurers will cover us for liabilities associated with occurrences prior to the spinoff. moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from marathon oil or its insurers any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. if marathon oil is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations, the underlying liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
significant acquisitions involve the integration of new assets or businesses and present substantial risks that could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows.
significant transactions involving the addition of new assets or businesses present potential risks, which may include, among others:
•   inaccurate assumptions about future synergies, revenues, capital expenditures and operating costs;
•   an inability to successfully integrate assets or businesses we acquire;
•   a decrease in our liquidity resulting from using a portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity under our revolving credit agreement to finance transactions;
•   a significant increase in our interest expense or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance transactions;
•   the assumption of unknown environmental and other liabilities, losses or costs for which we are not indemnified or for which our indemnity is inadequate;
risks relating to our industry changes in environmental or other laws or regulations may reduce our refining and marketing gross margin and may result in substantial capital expenditures and operating costs that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   characteristics and composition of gasoline and diesel fuels,
•   facility security.
the specific impact of laws and regulations on us and our competitors may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of operating facilities, marketing areas, crude oil and feedstock sources and production processes. we may be required to make expenditures to modify operations, install pollution control equipment, perform site cleanups or curtail operations that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we believe the issue of climate change will likely continue to receive scientific and political attention, with the potential for further laws and regulations that could affect our operations. the u.s. pledge in 2009, as part of the copenhagen accord, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 remains in effect and was reaffirmed in the president's 2013 climate action plan. meetings of the united nations climate change conference, however, have produced no legally binding emission reduction requirements on the u.s. also in 2009, the epa issued an "endangerment finding" that greenhouse gas emissions contribute to air pollution that endangers public health and welfare. related to the endangerment finding, in april 2010, the epa finalized a greenhouse gas emission standard for mobile sources (cars and other light duty vehicles). the endangerment finding, the mobile source standard and the epa's determination that greenhouse gases are subject to regulation under the clean air act resulted in permitting of greenhouse gas emissions at stationary sources, but as a result of the epa's "tailoring rule," permit applicability was limited to larger sources such as refineries. legal challenges were filed against these epa actions. in june 2014, the u.s. supreme court ruled that the clean air act prevention of significant deterioration program for new and modified stationary sources is not triggered by greenhouse gas emissions alone. the u.s. supreme court did, however, uphold the requirement for new or modified stationary sources that will also emit a criteria pollutant to control greenhouse gas emissions through best available control technology. implementing best available control technology may result in increased costs to our operations.
in 2013, the obama administration developed the social cost of carbon ("scc"). the scc is to be used by the epa and other federal agencies in regulatory cost-benefit analyses to take into account alleged broad economic consequences associated with changes to emissions of greenhouse gases. the scc was first issued in 2010. in 2013, the obama administration significantly increased the estimate to $36 per ton. in response to the regulated community and congress' critiques of how the scc was developed, the office of management and budget provided an opportunity to comment on the scc, but ultimately did not make any significant revisions. in december 2014, the white house council on environmental quality ("ceq") issued new draft guidance for assessing greenhouse gas emissions under the national environmental policy act ("nepa"), adding for the first time language that requires that analyses also include the impact of climate change on projects, including using the scc when analyzing costs and benefits of a project. while the impact of a higher scc in future regulations is not known at this time, it may result in increased costs to our operations.
in 2013, the epa proposed carbon emission standards for new power plants built in the future. in june 2014, the epa proposed the clean power plan, which would reduce carbon emissions from existing power plants. through the plan, the epa proposes to reduce nationwide carbon emissions from the power generation sector by 30 percent below 2005 levels. these standards, if finalized, could increase our electricity costs and potentially reduce the reliability of our electricity supply.
in the future, congress may again consider legislation on greenhouse gas emissions or a carbon tax. other measures to address greenhouse gas emissions are in various phases of review or implementation in the u.s. these measures include state actions to develop statewide or regional programs to impose emission reductions. private party litigation is pending against federal and certain state governmental entities seeking additional greenhouse gas emission reductions beyond those currently being undertaken. these actions could result in increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities, capital expenditures to install new emission controls and costs to administer any carbon trading or tax programs implemented. although uncertain, these developments could increase our costs, reduce the demand for the products we sell and create delays in our obtaining air pollution permits for new or modified facilities.
in november 2014, the epa proposed a tightening of the primary (health) ozone national ambient air quality standards ("naaqs") to within the range of 65 to 70 parts per billion ("ppb"), while accepting comments on levels as low as 60 ppb and an option of maintaining the current ozone level of 75 ppb. in addition, the epa is asking for comment on a new secondary (welfare) ozone naaqs using a three-month seasonal index. the final rule is expected to be promulgated in late 2015. if timely finalized, the epa would then implement a revised ozone naaqs with attainment and nonattainment designations by late 2017, using 2014-2016 air quality monitor data. a lower primary ozone standard may not by attainable in many areas and could result in the cancellation or delay of capital projects at our facilities.
the eisa, among other things, sets a target of 35 miles per gallon for the combined fleet of cars and light trucks in the u.s. by model year 2020 and contains a second renewable fuel standard commonly referred to as rfs2. in august 2012, the epa and the national highway traffic safety administration jointly adopted regulations that establish average industry fleet fuel economy standards for passenger cars and light trucks of up to 41 miles per gallon by model year 2021 and average fleet fuel economy standards of up to 49.7 miles per gallon by model year 2025 (the standards from 2022 to 2025 are the government's current estimate but will require further rulemaking). increases in fuel mileage standards and the increased use of renewable fuels (including ethanol and advanced biofuels) may reduce demand for refined products. governmental regulations encouraging the use of new or alternative fuels could also pose a competitive threat to our operations.
the rfs2 required the total volume of renewable transportation fuels sold or introduced annually in the u.s. to reach 16.55 billion gallons in 2013 and increases to 36.0 billion gallons by 2022. the rfs2 presents production and logistics challenges for both the renewable fuels and petroleum refining industries, and may continue to require additional capital expenditures or expenses by us to accommodate increased renewable fuels use. gasoline consumption has been lower than forecasted by the epa, which has led to concerns that the renewable fuel volumes may not be met. as a result, the epa delayed issuance of the 2014 rfs2 standards and has not finalized the 2015 renewable fuel volumes as required by the november 30, 2014 statutory deadline. the advanced biofuels program, a subset of the rfs2 requirements, creates uncertainties and presents challenges of supply, and may require that we and other refiners and other obligated parties purchase credits from the epa to meet our obligations.
tax incentives and other subsidies have also made renewable fuels more competitive with refined products than they otherwise would have been, which may further reduce refined product margins.
on march 3, 2014, the epa signed the final tier 3 fuel standards. the final tier 3 fuel standards require, among other things, a lower annual average sulfur level in gasoline to no more than 10 parts per million ("ppm") beginning in calendar year 2017. in addition, gasoline refiners and importers may not exceed a maximum per-gallon sulfur standard of 80 ppm, while retailers may not exceed a maximum per-gallon sulfur standard of 95 ppm. we anticipate that we will spend an estimated $750 million to $1 billion between 2014 and 2019 for capital expenditures necessary to comply with these standards.
we have in the past owned or operated, and currently own and operate, convenience stores and other locations with usts in various states. the operation of usts poses risks, including soil and groundwater contamination, at our previously or currently operated locations. such contamination could result in substantial cleanup costs, fines or civil liabilities.
we have in the past and will continue to dispose of various wastes at lawful disposal sites. environmental laws, including cercla, and similar state laws can impose liability for the entire cost of cleanup on any responsible party, without regard to negligence or fault, and impose liability on us for the conduct of others or conditions others have caused, or for our acts that complied with all applicable requirements when performed.
any failure by us to comply with existing or future laws or regulations could result in the imposition of administrative, civil or criminal penalties, injunctions limiting our operations, investigatory or remedial liabilities or impediments to construction of additional facilities or equipment.
plans we may have to expand existing assets or construct new assets are subject to risks associated with societal and political pressures and other forms of opposition to the future development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. such risks could adversely impact our business and ability to realize certain growth strategies.
our anticipated growth and planned expenditures are based upon the assumption that societal sentiment will continue to enable and existing regulations will remain intact to allow for the future development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. a portion of our growth strategy is dependent on our ability to expand existing assets and to construct additional assets. however, policy decisions relating to the production, refining, transportation and marketing of carbon-based fuels are subject to political pressures and the influence of environmental and other special interest groups. the construction of new refinery processing units or crude oil or refined products pipelines, or the extension or expansion of existing assets, involve numerous political and legal uncertainties, many of which may cause significant delays or cost increases and most of which are beyond our control. delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities (including improvements and repairs to our existing facilities) could adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results, thereby limiting our ability to grow and generate cash flows.
large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns. if we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results. delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain products we produce. such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
•   denial of or delay in receiving requisite regulatory approvals and/or permits;
•   adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers;
•   market-related increases in a project's debt or equity financing costs; and
•   nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors.
any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. if we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the availability of crude oil and increases in crude oil prices may reduce profitability and refining and marketing gross margins.
the profitability of our operations depends largely on the difference between the cost of crude oil and other feedstocks we refine and the selling prices we obtain for refined products. a portion of our crude oil is purchased from various foreign national oil companies, producing companies and trading companies, including suppliers from canada, the middle east and various other international locations. the market for crude oil and other feedstocks is largely a world market. we are, therefore, subject to the attendant political, geographic and economic risks of such a market. if one or more major supply sources were temporarily or permanently eliminated, we believe adequate alternative supplies of crude oil would be available, but it is possible we would be unable to find alternative sources of supply. if we are unable to obtain adequate crude oil volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our operations, sales of refined products and refining and marketing gross margins could be adversely affected, materially and adversely impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
worldwide political and economic developments could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition to impacting crude oil and other feedstock supplies, political and economic factors in global markets could have a material adverse effect on us in other ways. hostilities in the middle east or the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the u.s. and other developed countries. a lower level of economic activity could result in a decline in energy consumption, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. these risks could lead to increased volatility in prices for refined products. additionally, these risks could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult and/or costly for us to access capital and to obtain the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. additionally, tax policy, legislative or regulatory action and commercial restrictions could reduce our operating profitability. for example, the u.s. government could prevent or restrict exports of refined products or the conduct of business with certain foreign countries.
compliance with and changes in tax laws could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal and state income taxes and transactional taxes such as excise, sales and use, payroll, franchise, withholding and property taxes. new tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations could result in increased expenditures by us for tax liabilities in the future and could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additionally, many tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by taxing authorities, and such audits could subject us to interest and penalties.
terrorist attacks aimed at our facilities or that impact our customers or the markets we serve could adversely affect our business.
the u.s. government has issued warnings that energy assets in general, including the nation's refining, pipeline and terminal infrastructure, may be future targets of terrorist organizations. the threat of terrorist attacks has subjected our operations to increased risks. any future terrorist attacks on our facilities, those of our customers and, in some cases, those of other pipelines, could have a material adverse effect on our business. similarly, any future terrorist attacks that severely disrupt the markets we serve could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
an easing or lifting of the u.s. crude oil export ban could adversely affect crack spreads or crude oil price differentials and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
since the 1970s, the u.s. has restricted the ability of producers to export domestic crude oil. as total crude oil production has increased in the u.s. in recent years, primarily due to the increase in shale crude oil production, there have been increasing calls by crude oil producers and others for an easing or lifting of the crude oil export ban. if the export ban were to be significantly eased or lifted, the price of domestic crude oil would likely rise, potentially impacting crack spreads and price differentials between domestic and foreign crude oils. a deterioration of crack spreads or price differentials between domestic and foreign crude oils could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results or operations and cash flows.
risks relating to ownership of our common stock provisions in our corporate governance documents could operate to delay or prevent a change in control of our company, dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our capital stock or affect its liquidity.
the existence of some provisions within our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us that a stockholder may consider favorable. these include provisions:
•   providing for the division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered terms;
•   limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders;
•   prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;
•   establishing supermajority vote requirements for certain amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation and stockholder proposals for amendments to our amended and restated bylaws;
•   authorizing a large number of shares of common stock that are not yet issued, which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us; and
we believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors time to assess any acquisition proposal, and are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition.
our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. for example, we could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our board of directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of our common stock.
finally, to facilitate compliance with the maritime laws, our restated certificate of incorporation limits the aggregate percentage ownership by non-u.s. citizens of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock to 23 percent of the outstanding shares. we may prohibit transfers that would cause ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock by non-u.s. citizens to exceed 23 percent. our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to effect any and all measures necessary or desirable to monitor and limit foreign ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock. these limitations could have an adverse impact on the liquidity of the market for our common stock if holders are unable to transfer shares to non-u.s. citizens due to the limitations on ownership by non-u.s. citizens. any such limitation on the liquidity of the market for our common stock could adversely impact the market price of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the information included under item 1. business, item 1a. risk factors, item 6. selected financial data and item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes various forward-looking statements concerning trends or events potentially affecting our business. you can identify our forward-looking statements by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "objective," "expect," "forecast," "goal," "intend," "plan," "predict," "project," "potential," "seek," "target," "could," "may," "should," "would," "will" or other similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. in accordance with "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, these statements are accompanied by cautionary language identifying important factors, though not necessarily all such factors, which could cause future outcomes to differ materially from those set forth in forward-looking statements.
corporate overview we are an independent petroleum refining and marketing, retail and pipeline transportation company. we currently own and operate seven refineries, all located in the united states, with an aggregate crude oil refining capacity of approximately 1.7 mmbpcd. our refineries supply refined products to resellers and consumers within our market areas, including the midwest, gulf coast, east coast and southeast regions of the united states. we distribute refined products to our customers through one of the largest private domestic fleets of inland petroleum product barges, one of the largest terminal operations in the united states, and a combination of mpc-owned and third-party-owned trucking and rail assets. we are one of the largest wholesale suppliers of gasoline and distillates to resellers within our market area.
we have two strong retail brands: speedway® and marathon®. we believe that speedway llc, a wholly-owned subsidiary, operates the second largest chain of company-owned and operated retail gasoline and convenience stores in the united states, with approximately 2,750 convenience stores in 22 states throughout the midwest, east coast and southeast. the marathon brand is an established motor fuel brand in the midwest and southeast regions of the united states, and is available through approximately 5,460 retail outlets operated by independent entrepreneurs in 19 states.
as of december 31, 2014, we owned, leased or had ownership interests in approximately 8,300 miles of crude oil and refined product pipelines to deliver crude oil to our refineries and other locations and refined products to wholesale and retail market areas. we are one of the largest petroleum pipeline companies in the united states on the basis of total volumes delivered. overall, we are one of the largest independent petroleum product refining, marketing, retail and transportation businesses in the united states and the largest east of the mississippi.
our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing; speedway; and pipeline transportation. each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. see item 1. business for additional information on our segments.
•   refining &amp; marketing-refines crude oil and other feedstocks at our seven refineries in the gulf coast and midwest regions of the united states, purchases refined products and ethanol for resale and distributes refined products through various means, including barges, terminals and trucks that we own or operate. we sell refined products to wholesale marketing customers domestically and internationally, buyers on the spot market, our speedway business segment and to independent entrepreneurs who operate marathon® retail outlets.
speedway segment income from operations increased $169 million in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to increases in gasoline and distillate gross margin and merchandise gross margin, partially offset by higher operating expenses. these increases were primarily attributable to the acquisition of convenience stores from hess.
mplx lp in 2012, we formed mplx, a master limited partnership, to own, operate, develop and acquire pipelines and other midstream assets related to the transportation and storage of crude oil, refined products and other hydrocarbon-based products. on october 31, 2012, mplx completed its initial public offering of 19.9 million common units, which represented the sale by us of a 26.4 percent interest in mplx.
as of december 31, 2014, we owned a 71.5 percent interest in mplx, including the two percent general partner interest, and we consolidate this entity for financial reporting purposes since we have a controlling financial interest.
mplx's initial assets consisted of a 51 percent general partner interest in pipe line holdings, which owns a network of common carrier crude oil and product pipeline systems and associated storage assets in the midwest and gulf coast regions of the united states, and a 100 percent interest in a butane storage cavern in west virginia. we originally retained a 49 percent limited partner interest in pipe line holdings.
on may 1, 2013, we sold a five percent interest in pipe line holdings to mplx for $100 million, which was financed by mplx with cash on hand.
on march 1, 2014, we sold mplx a 13 percent interest in pipe line holdings for $310 million. mplx financed this transaction with $40 million of cash on-hand and $270 million of borrowings on its bank revolving credit agreement.
on october 30, 2014, we announced plans to substantially accelerate the growth of mplx, which is expected to provide unitholders an average annual distribution growth rate percentage in the mid-20s over the next five years as we build meaningful scale more quickly. we believe this increased scale provides mplx greater flexibility to fund organic projects and to pursue acquisition opportunities.
on december 1, 2014, we sold and contributed interests in pipe line holdings totaling 30.5 percent to mplx for $600 million in cash and 2.9 million mplx common units valued at $200 million. mplx financed the sales portion of this transaction with $600 million of borrowings on its bank revolving credit facility.
the sales and contribution of our interests in pipe line holdings to mplx resulted in a change of our ownership in pipe line holdings, but not a change in control. we accounted for these sales as transactions between entities under common control and did not record a gain or loss.
on december 8, 2014, mplx completed a public offering of 3.5 million common units at a price to the public of $66.68 per common unit, with net proceeds of $221 million. mplx used the net proceeds from this offering to repay borrowings under its bank revolving credit facility and for general partnership purposes. on december 10, 2014, we exercised our right to maintain our two percent general partner interest in mplx by purchasing 130 thousand general partner units for $9 million.
on february 12, 2015, mplx completed its initial underwritten public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of four percent unsecured senior notes due february 15, 2025 (the "senior notes"). the senior notes were offered at a price to the public of 99.64 percent of par. the net proceeds of this offering were used to repay the amounts outstanding under its bank revolving credit facility, as well as for general partnership purposes.
limited partner distributions                                                  72              56
the market value of the 19,980,619 mplx common units and 36,951,515 mplx subordinated units we owned at december 31, 2014 was $4.18 billion based on the december 31, 2014 closing unit price of $73.49. over time, we also believe there will be substantial value attributable to our general partnership interests.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 4 for additional information on mplx.
acquisitions and investments on september 30, 2014, we acquired from hess all of its retail locations, transport operations and shipper history on various pipelines, including approximately 40 mbpd on colonial pipeline, for $2.82 billion. we refer to these assets as "hess' retail operations and related assets" and substantially all of these assets are part of our speedway segment. this acquisition significantly expands our speedway presence from nine to 22 states throughout the east coast and southeast and is aligned with our strategy to grow higher-valued, stable cash flow businesses. this acquisition also enables us to further leverage our integrated refining and transportation operations, providing an outlet for an incremental 200 mbpd of assured sales from our refining system. the transaction was funded with a combination of debt and available cash. our financial results and operating statistics for the periods prior to the acquisition do not include amounts for hess' retail operations and related assets.
in july 2014, we exercised our option to acquire a 35 percent ownership interest in enbridge inc.'s sax pipeline, which will run from flanagan, ill. to patoka, ill. and is expected to be operational in late 2015. this option resulted from our agreement to be the anchor shipper on the sax pipeline and our commitment to the sandpiper pipeline project. during 2014, we made contributions of $120 million to illinois extension pipeline to fund our portion of the construction costs incurred-to-date on the sax pipeline project.
on april 1, 2014, we purchased a facility in cincinnati, ohio from felda iffco sdn bhd, malaysia for $40 million. the plant currently produces biodiesel, glycerin and other by-products. the capacity of the plant is approximately 60 million gallons per year.
in march 2014, we acquired from chevron raven ridge pipe line company an additional seven percent interest in explorer for $77 million, bringing our ownership interest to 25 percent. due to this increase in our ownership percentage, we now account for our investment in explorer using the equity method of accounting and report explorer as a related party. explorer owns approximately 1,900 miles of refined products pipeline from lake charles, louisiana to hammond, indiana.
in november 2013, we agreed with enbridge energy partners to serve as an anchor shipper for the sandpiper pipeline, which will run from beaver lodge, north dakota to superior, wisconsin. we also agreed to fund 37.5 percent of the construction of the sandpiper pipeline project, which is currently estimated to cost $2.6 billion, of which approximately $1.0 billion is our share. we made contributions of $192 million during 2014 and have contributed $216 million since project inception. in exchange for our commitment to be an anchor shipper and our investment in the project, we will earn an approximate 27 percent equity interest in enbridge energy partners' north dakota system when the sandpiper pipeline is placed into service, which is expected to be in 2017. enbridge energy partners' north dakota system currently includes approximately 240 miles of crude oil gathering pipelines connected to a transportation pipeline that is approximately 730 miles long. we will also have the option to increase our ownership interest to approximately 30 percent through additional investments in future system improvements.
on august 1, 2013, we acquired from mitsui & co. (u.s.a.), inc. its interests in three ethanol companies for $75 million. under the purchase agreement, we acquired an additional 24 percent interest in tace, bringing our ownership interest to 60 percent; a 34 percent interest in taei, which holds a 50 percent ownership in tame, bringing our direct and indirect ownership interest in tame to 67 percent; and a 40 percent interest in taae, which owns an ethanol production facility in albion, michigan. on october 1, 2013, our ownership interest in taae increased to 43 percent as a result of taae acquiring one of the owner's interest. we hold a noncontrolling interest in each of these entities and account for them using the equity method of accounting since the minority owners have substantive participating rights.
on february 1, 2013, we acquired from bp the 451,000 barrel per calendar day refinery in texas city, texas, three intrastate natural gas liquid pipelines originating at the refinery, four light product terminals, branded-jobber marketing contract assignments for the supply of approximately 1,200 branded sites, a 1,040 megawatt electric cogeneration facility and a 50 mbpd allocation of space on the colonial pipeline. we refer to these assets as the "galveston bay refinery and related assets." we paid $1.49 billion for these assets, which included $935 million for inventory. pursuant to the purchase and sale agreement, we may also be required to pay bp a contingent earnout of up to an additional $700 million over six years, subject to certain conditions. in july 2014, we paid bp $180 million for the first period's contingent earnout. these assets are part of our refining & marketing and pipeline transportation segments. our financial results and operating statistics for the periods prior to the acquisition do not include amounts for the galveston bay refinery and related assets.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 5 for additional information on these acquisitions and investments. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 26 for information regarding our future contributions to the sax pipeline project and the sandpiper pipeline project.
share repurchases on july 30, 2014, our board of directors approved an additional $2.0 billion share repurchase authorization expiring in july 2016. as of december 31, 2014, our board of directors had approved $8.0 billion in total share repurchase authorizations since january 1, 2012 and we have repurchased a total of $6.27 billion of our common stock under these authorizations, leaving $1.73 billion available for repurchases. under these authorizations, we have acquired 89 million shares at an average cost per share of $70.35.
liquidity as of december 31, 2014, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1.49 billion and no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under our $2.5 billion revolving credit agreement or $1.3 billion trade receivables securitization facility. as of january 31, 2015, eligible trade receivables supported borrowings of $700 million. mplx had $385 million of borrowings outstanding under its $1 billion revolving credit agreement as of december 31, 2014.
the above discussion contains forward-looking statements with respect to the estimated construction costs, timing and completion of the sandpiper and sax pipeline projects and the share repurchase authorizations. factors that could affect the estimated construction costs, timing and completion of the sandpiper and sax pipeline projects, include, but are not limited to, availability of materials and labor, unforeseen hazards such as weather conditions, delays in obtaining or conditions imposed by necessary government and third-party approvals and other risks customarily associated with construction projects. factors that could affect the share repurchase authorizations and the timing of any repurchases include, but are not limited to, business conditions, availability of liquidity and the market price of our common stock. these factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
our refining & marketing gross margin is the difference between the prices of refined products sold and the costs of crude oil and other charge and blendstocks refined, including the costs to transport these inputs to our refineries and the costs of products purchased for resale. the crack spread is a measure of the difference between market prices for refined products and crude oil, commonly used by the industry as a proxy for the refining margin. crack spreads can fluctuate significantly, particularly when prices of refined products do not move in the same relationship as the cost of crude oil. as a performance benchmark and a comparison with other industry participants, we calculate midwest (chicago) and usgc crack spreads that we believe most closely track our operations and slate of products. lls prices and a 6-3-2-1 ratio of products (6 barrels of lls crude oil producing 3 barrels of unleaded regular gasoline, 2 barrels of ultra-low sulfur diesel and 1 barrel of three percent residual fuel oil) are used for these crack-spread calculations.
refined product prices have historically moved relative to international crude oil prices like brent crude. in recent years, domestic u.s. crude oils, such as wti and lls, traded at prices less than brent due to the growth in u.s. crude oil production, logistical constraints and other market factors. these price discounts compared to brent favorably impacted the lls 6-3-2-1 crack spread. during 2011 and continuing through the first half of 2013, wti traded at prices significantly less than brent and lls, which favorably impacted our refining & marketing gross margin. the differential between wti and lls significantly narrowed during the second half of 2013 with a further narrowing broadly continuing through 2014. in addition, the differential between lls and brent narrowed significantly during the second half of 2014. the spread between domestic crude oils and brent could remain narrow if there is a change in existing u.s. energy policy regarding crude oil exports, or if low crude oil prices reduce u.s. crude oil production growth substantially. if either were to occur, it could reduce our refining & marketing gross margin.
the following table provides sensitivities showing an estimated change in annual net income due to potential changes in market conditions.
lls 6-3-2-1 crack spread sensitivity(a) (per $1.00/barrel change)                    $450
sweet/sour differential sensitivity(b) (per $1.00/barrel change)                      200
lls-wti differential sensitivity(c) (per $1.00/barrel change)                         100
natural gas price sensitivity (per $1.00/million british thermal unit change)         140
(b)   lls (prompt) - [delivered cost of sour crude oil: arab light, kuwait, maya, western canadian select and mars].
in addition to the market changes indicated by the crack spreads, the sweet/sour differential and the discount of wti to lls, our refining & marketing gross margin is impacted by factors such as:
•   the impact of commodity derivative instruments used to hedge price risk;
inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. the cost of our crude oil and refined product inventories is determined under the last in, first out ("lifo") method. during periods of rapidly declining prices, the lifo cost basis of our crude oil and refined product inventories may have to be written down to market value. despite a significant drop in refined product prices in 2014, we determined that the lifo cost basis of our crude oil and refined product inventories was recoverable as of december 31, 2014. if prices decrease further in 2015, we may be required to recognize a lower of cost or market adjustment to these inventories, which totaled approximately 96 million barrels as of december 31, 2014.
refining & marketing segment income from operations is also affected by changes in refinery direct operating costs, which include turnaround and major maintenance, depreciation and amortization and other manufacturing expenses. changes in manufacturing costs are primarily driven by the cost of energy used by our refineries, including purchased natural gas, and the level of maintenance costs. planned major maintenance activities, or turnarounds, requiring temporary shutdown of certain refinery operating units, are periodically performed at each refinery. the following table lists the refineries that had significant planned turnaround and major maintenance activities for each of the last three years.
2012   catlettsburg, detroit, garyville and robinson
the table below sets forth the location and daily crude oil refining capacity of each of our refineries at december 31 of each year.
crude oil refining capacity (mbpcd)
galveston bay, texas city, texas(a)       451                   451                   n/a catlettsburg, kentucky                    242                   242                   240
detroit, michigan                         130                   123                   120
texas city, texas                          84                    84                    80
speedway our retail marketing gross margin for gasoline and distillate, which is the price paid by consumers less the cost of refined products, including transportation, consumer excise taxes and bankcard processing fees, impacts the speedway segment profitability. numerous factors impact gasoline and distillate demand throughout the year, including local competition, seasonal demand fluctuations, the available wholesale supply, the level of economic activity in our marketing areas and weather conditions. gasoline demand in padd 2 is estimated to have grown by about half a percent in 2014 after climbing by 1.4 percent in 2013. meanwhile, gasoline demand in padd 1 is estimated to have grown by 1.5 percent in 2014 after a 1.5 percent decline in 2013, reversing a three-year trend of declines and returning to 2012 levels. strong economic growth in the last three quarters of 2014 and strongly falling prices throughout the second half supported gasoline demand. distillate demand was supported by severe winter temperatures in early 2014 and a very strong harvest season. padd 2 distillate demand is estimated to have grown by 3.7 percent in 2014 after climbing by 1.6 percent in 2013. padd 1 estimated distillate demand grew over five percent after climbing by 8.8 percent in 2013. market demand increases for gasoline and distillate generally increase the product margin we can realize. the gross margin on merchandise sold at convenience stores historically has been less volatile and has contributed substantially to speedway's gross margin. more than half of speedway's gross margin was derived from merchandise sales in 2014. speedway's convenience stores offer a wide variety of merchandise, including prepared foods, beverages and non-food items.
pipeline transportation the profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. a majority of the crude oil and refined product shipments on our common carrier pipelines serve our refining & marketing segment. in 2012, new transportation services agreements were entered into between mpc and mplx, which resulted in higher tariff rates. the volume of crude oil that we transport is directly affected by the supply of, and refiner demand for, crude oil in the markets served directly by our crude oil pipelines. key factors in this supply and demand balance are the production levels of crude oil by producers in various regions or fields, the availability and cost of alternative modes of transportation, the volumes of crude oil processed at refineries and refinery and transportation system maintenance levels. the volume of refined products that we transport is directly affected by the production levels of, and user demand for, refined products in the markets served by our refined product pipelines. in most of our markets, demand for gasoline and distillate peaks during the summer driving season, which extends from may through september of each year, and declines during the fall and winter months. as with crude oil, other transportation alternatives and system maintenance levels influence refined product movements.
income from equity method investments                                           153                    36                         117                        26                          10
cost of revenues (excludes items below)                                      83,770                87,401                      (3,631         )          68,668                      18,733
sales and other operating revenues (including consumer excise taxes) decreased $2.34 billion in 2014 compared to 2013 and increased $17.92 billion in 2013 compared to 2012. the decrease in 2014 was primarily due to lower refined product sales prices, partially offset by an increase in refined product sales volumes and higher merchandise sales for our speedway segment primarily attributable to the convenience stores acquired from hess. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to higher refined product sales volumes, which were primarily associated with the acquisition of the galveston bay refinery in february 2013, partially offset by a decrease in refined product sales prices. consolidated refined product sales increased 52 mbpd in 2014 compared to 2013 and 468 mbpd in 2013 compared to 2012.
income from equity method investments increased $117 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and $10 million in 2013 compared to 2012. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to increases in income from our ethanol affiliates of $68 million and income from our pipeline affiliates of $49 million. the increase in income from our ethanol affiliates includes the affects of our acquisition of interests in taae, tace and taei in august 2013. the higher income from our pipeline affiliates is primarily due to increases from loop llc ("loop") and explorer, which is now accounted for as an equity method investment following our acquisition of an increased ownership interest in this pipeline company. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to an increase in income from our ethanol investments of $34 million, partially offset by a decrease in income from our investment in loop of $17 million. the increase in income from ethanol investments was primarily due to higher income in 2013 compared to 2012 and the acquisition of interests in taae, tace and taei in 2013.
net gain on disposal of assets increased $15 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and decreased $171 million in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the sale of two terminals and terminal assets in 2014 and a $171 million gain recognized in the third quarter of 2012 associated with the settlement agreement with the buyer of our minnesota assets. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 6 for additional information on the minnesota assets sale and subsequent settlement agreement with the buyer.
other income increased $59 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and $6 million in 2013 compared to 2012. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to higher gains on sales of excess renewable identification numbers ("rins") of $74 million, partially offset by an $11 million impairment in 2014 of an investment in a company accounted for using the cost method. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to higher gains on sales of excess rins and dividends received from a pipeline affiliate, partially offset by the absence of $12 million of dividends received from our preferred equity interest in the buyer of our minnesota assets during the third quarter of 2012.
•   partially offset by an increase in refinery direct operating costs of $913 million, or $1.37 per barrel of total refinery throughput, which included costs associated with significant planned turnaround activity; and
•   an increase in refined product cost of sales of $17.09 billion, primarily due to an increase in refined product sales volumes attributable to the acquisition of the galveston bay refinery; and
•   an increase in refinery direct operating costs of $1.62 billion, or $1.11 per barrel of total refinery throughput, primarily attributable to the addition of the galveston bay refinery, which had higher operating costs per barrel of throughput than the average of our other six refineries.
purchases from related parties increased $148 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and $77 million in 2013 compared to 2012. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to acquisitions of ownership interests in taae in august 2013 and explorer in march 2014, resulting in purchases from these companies totaling $118 million in 2014 and $24 million in 2013, being reported as purchases from related parties while purchases from these companies prior to these acquisitions were reported as cost of revenues. in addition, we also had an increase in purchases from loop of $45 million in 2014. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to higher ethanol volumes purchased from our ethanol investments, partially offset by lower ethanol prices and decreases in purchases from pipeline affiliates, including centennial pipeline llc ("centennial").
consumer excise taxes increased $422 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and $554 million in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to increases in taxable refined product sales volumes, including the effects of the acquisitions of the galveston bay refinery and related assets and hess' retail operations and related assets.
depreciation and amortization increased $106 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and $225 million in 2013 compared to 2012. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to completion of certain capital investments at our galveston bay refinery, an increase in the number of convenience stores in our speedway segment and the implementation of corporate-level information technology projects, partially offset by an impairment of a light products terminal in 2013. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to the completion of the heavy oil upgrading and expansion project at our detroit, michigan refinery in late 2012 and our acquisition of the galveston bay refinery and related assets in february 2013.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $127 million in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to increases in contract services, employee compensation and benefit expenses and credit card processing fees.
other taxes increased $50 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and $70 million in 2013 compared to 2012. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to increases in property taxes of $30 million, payroll taxes of $27 million and environmental taxes of $11 million, partially offset by decreases in other tax expenses. these increases were attributable to a number of factors including the acquisitions of the galveston bay refinery and related assets and hess' retail operations and related assets and the absence of a federal oil spill tax refund received in 2013. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to increases in property taxes of $41 million, payroll taxes of $21 million and sales and use tax expense of $13 million. the increases in 2013 were attributable to a number of factors including the completion of the heavy oil upgrading and expansion project at our detroit refinery, the acquisition of the galveston bay refinery and related assets and speedway's acquisition of 97 convenience stores in 2012.
net interest and other financial costs increased $37 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and $70 million in 2013 compared to 2012. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to an increase in long-term debt related to the acquisition of hess' retail operations and related assets and mplx's acquisition of additional interest in pipe line holdings. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to a decrease in capitalized interest in 2013 due to the completion of the detroit refinery heavy oil upgrading and expansion project in late 2012. we capitalized interest of $27 million in 2014, $28 million in 2013 and $101 million in 2012.
provision for income taxes increased $167 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and decreased $732 million in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to our income before income taxes, which increased $589 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and decreased $1.99 billion in 2013 compared to 2012. the effective tax rates in 2014, 2013 and 2012 are equivalent to or slightly less than the u.s. statutory rate of 35 percent primarily due to certain permanent benefit differences, including the domestic manufacturing deduction, partially offset by state and local tax expense. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 13 for further details.
items included in both revenues and costs:
refining & marketing intersegment sales to our speedway segment increased $1.62 billion in 2014 compared to 2013 and $512 million in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to increases in intersegment refined product sales volumes, partially offset by lower refined product sales prices. the increase in intersegment refined product sales volumes for 2014 was primarily due to the acquisition of convenience stores from hess.
speedway segment revenues increased $2.46 billion in 2014 compared to 2013 and $232 million in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to increases in gasoline and distillate sales of $1.98 billion and $138 million, respectively, and increases in merchandise sales of $476 million and $77 million, respectively. the increases in gasoline and distillate sales were primarily due to volume increases of 796 million gallons and 119 million gallons, respectively, primarily due to increases in the number of convenience stores, partially offset by decreases in gasoline and distillate selling prices of $0.20 per gallon and $0.09 per gallon, respectively. the increases in merchandise sales were primarily due to increases in the number of convenience stores and higher same store sales. the increase in the number of convenience stores for 2014 was primarily due to the acquisition of convenience stores from hess.
pipeline transportation segment revenue increased $60 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and $78 million in 2013 compared to 2012. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to an increase in revenue related to volume deficiency credits and higher average tariffs received on crude oil and refined products shipped, partially offset by lower refined products and crude oil pipeline throughput volumes. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to higher average tariffs received on the volumes of crude oil and products shipped, higher crude oil throughput volumes and an increase in storage fees and other revenue.
(a)   on owned common-carrier pipelines, excluding equity method investments.
items not allocated to segments:
corporate and other unallocated items(a)                 (286   )            (271   )            (336   )
(a)   included in the pipeline transportation segment for 2014, 2013 and 2012 are $19 million, $20 million and $4 million of corporate overhead expenses attributable to mplx, which were included in items not allocated to segments prior to mplx's october 31, 2012 initial public offering. these expenses are not currently allocated to other segments.
(b)   see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 23.
(c)   blended chicago/usgc crack spread is 38/62 percent in 2014, 38/62 percent in 2013 and 52/48 percent in 2012 based on mpc's refining capacity by region in each period.
(d)   lls (prompt) - [delivered cost of sour crude oil: arab light, kuwait, maya, western canadian select and mars].
•   the chicago lls 6-3-2-1 crack spread increased $1.40 per barrel in 2014 compared to 2013 and $1.42 per barrel in 2013 compared to 2012, which had positive impacts on segment income of $354 million and $291 million, respectively.
•   the usgc lls 6-3-2-1 crack spread increased $0.99 per barrel in 2014 compared to 2013 which had a positive impact on segment income of $407 million. the usgc lls 6-3-2-1 crack spread decreased $0.43 per barrel in 2013 compared to 2012. this decrease was offset by an increase in refinery throughput volumes, primarily due to the acquisition of the galveston bay refinery, which resulted in a positive impact to segment income of $949 million in 2013 compared to 2012.
the market indicators shown above use spot market values and an estimated mix of crude purchases and products sold. differences in our results compared to these market indicators, including product price realizations, mix and crude costs as well as other items like refinery yields and other feedstock variances, had estimated positive impacts on refining & marketing segment income of $1.73 billion in 2014 compared to 2013 and $298 million in 2013 compared to 2012. we estimate the positive impact for 2014 was primarily due to more favorable net product price realizations as compared to spot market values and a favorable effect from valuing year end inventories using the lifo method of accounting. we estimate the positive impact for 2013 was primarily due to favorable crude oil and feedstock acquisition costs compared to market indicators, partially offset by lower product price realizations.
(c)   includes utilities, labor, routine maintenance and other operating costs.
refinery direct operating costs increased $1.37 per barrel in 2014 compared to 2013 and $1.11 per barrel in 2013 compared to 2012, which include increases in planned turnaround and major maintenance costs of $0.60 per barrel and $0.20 per barrel, respectively, and increases in other manufacturing costs of $0.72 per barrel and $0.99 per barrel, respectively. the increase in planned turnaround and major maintenance costs for 2014 was primarily attributable to the galveston bay, robinson and catlettsburg refineries, partially offset by decreases at the garyville and canton refineries. the increase in planned turnaround and major maintenance costs for 2013 was primarily attributable to the galveston bay refinery. the increases in other manufacturing costs were primarily attributable to higher energy costs, catalyst expenses and routine maintenance costs for 2014 and the addition of the galveston bay refinery for 2013, which had higher operating costs per barrel of throughput than the average of our other six refineries.
we purchase rins to satisfy a portion of our rfs2 compliance. our expenses associated with purchased rins were $141 million in 2014, $264 million in 2013 and $105 million in 2012. the decrease in 2014 was primarily due to decreases in the average cost of ethanol and biomass-based biodiesel rins and decreases in our estimated advanced biofuel and ethanol obligation volumes. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to increases in the average cost of ethanol and biodiesel rins.
speedway segment income from operations increased $169 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and $65 million in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to increases in our gasoline and distillate gross margin of $246 million and $54 million, respectively, and increases in our merchandise gross margin of $150 million and $30 million, respectively, partially offset by higher operating expenses. the increases were primarily attributable to increases in the number of convenience stores, which for 2014 was primarily due to the acquisition of convenience stores from hess. the increases in merchandise gross margin were related to a combination of higher merchandise and food sales and improved margins. the convenience stores acquired from hess contributed $113 million to speedway segment income from operations in 2014.
corporate and other unallocated expenses increased $15 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and decreased $65 million in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of hess' retail operations and related assets in 2014 and lower unallocated employee benefit expenses and lower employee incentive compensation expenses in 2013 compared to 2012.
we recognized a gain of $183 million in 2012 associated with the settlement agreement with the buyer of our minnesota assets, which included $86 million of the deferred gain that was recorded when the sale transaction was originally closed. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 6 for additional information on the minnesota assets sale and subsequent settlement with the buyer.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows our cash and cash equivalents balance was $1.49 billion at december 31, 2014 compared to $2.29 billion at december 31, 2013. net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the past three years is presented in the following table.
operating activities                   $3,110              $3,405              $4,492
investing activities                   (4,543   )          (2,756   )          (1,452   )
financing activities                      635              (3,217   )          (1,259   )
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $295 million in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to unfavorable changes in working capital of $892 million compared to 2013, partially offset by an increase in net income of $422 million and non-cash income adjustments of $175 million. net cash provided by operating activities decreased $1.09 billion in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to decreases in net income of $1.26 billion and non-cash income adjustments of $453 million, partially offset by favorable changes in working capital of $626 million compared to 2012.
for 2014, changes in working capital were a net $694 million use of cash, primarily due to a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and an increase in inventories, partially offset by a decrease in current receivables. changes from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 per the consolidated balance sheets, excluding the impact of acquisitions, were as follows:
for 2013, changes in working capital were a net $198 million source of cash, primarily due to an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, partially offset by increases in current receivables and inventory volumes. accounts payable increased $1.45 billion from year-end 2012, primarily due to higher crude oil payable volumes, and current receivables increased $949 million from year-end 2012, primarily due to higher refined product receivable volumes attributable to an increase in refined product sales volumes. both of these increases are associated with the galveston bay refinery acquired in february 2013. changes in inventories were a $305 million use of cash in 2013, primarily due to higher refined product and crude oil inventory volumes.
for 2012, changes in working capital were a net $428 million use of cash, primarily due to a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities resulting primarily from reductions in crude oil prices and payable volumes, partially offset by a decrease in current receivables resulting primarily from reductions in crude oil prices and receivable volumes.
cash flows used in investing activities increased $1.79 billion in 2014 compared to 2013 and $1.30 billion in 2013 compared to 2012. the investing activity is further discussed below.
the consolidated statements of cash flows exclude changes to the consolidated balance sheets that did not affect cash. a reconciliation of additions to property, plant and equipment to total capital expenditures and investments follows for each of the last three years.
additions to property, plant and equipment per consolidated statements of cash flows         $1,480              $1,206              $1,369
non-cash additions to property, plant and equipment                                               4                   -                   -
asset retirement expenditures                                                                     2                   -                   -
increase (decrease) in capital accruals                                                          95                  73                (117   )
investments in equity method investees                                                          413                 124                  28
total capital expenditures and investments before acquisitions                                1,994               1,403               1,280
acquisitions(a)                                                                               2,744               1,386                 180
total capital expenditures and investments                                                   $4,738              $2,789              $1,460
(a)   the 2014 acquisitions include the acquisition of hess' retail operations and related assets. the 2013 acquisitions include the acquisition of the galveston bay refinery and related assets. the acquisition numbers above include property, plant and equipment and intangibles. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 5 for further details.
capital expenditures and investments for each of the last three years are summarized by segment below.
capital expenditures and investments:(a)(b)
(a)   capital expenditures include changes in capital accruals.
(b)   includes $2.71 billion in 2014 for the acquisition of hess' retail operations and related assets and $1.36 billion in 2013 for the acquisition of the galveston bay refinery and related assets. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 5.
(c)   includes capitalized interest of $27 million, $28 million and $101 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the acquisition of hess' retail operations and related assets comprised 58 percent of our total capital spending in 2014. the acquisition of the galveston bay refinery and related assets comprised 49 percent of our total capital spending in 2013. the detroit refinery heavy oil upgrading and expansion project, which we completed in 2012, comprised 46 percent (excluding capitalized interest associated with this project) of our refining & marketing segment capital spending in 2012.
cash provided by disposal of assets totaled $27 million, $16 million and $53 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the $53 million of cash from asset disposals in 2012 primarily included proceeds from a settlement agreement with the buyer of our minnesota assets.
net investments were a $404 million use of cash in 2014 compared to a $74 million use of cash in 2013 and a $51 million source of cash in 2012. the change in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to increases in contributions to the sandpiper and sax pipeline projects of $287 million and our investment in explorer of $77 million, partially offset by a return of capital from our ethanol affiliates of $9 million. the change in 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to investments in our ethanol affiliates of $75 million and the sandpiper pipeline project of $24 million.
financing activities were a $635 million source of cash in 2014, a $3.22 billion use of cash in 2013 and a $1.26 billion use of cash in 2012. the sources of cash primarily consisted of net long-term debt borrowings in 2014 and proceeds from the issuance of mplx common units in 2014 and 2012. the uses of cash in all three years primarily consisted of common stock repurchases through open market purchases and our asr programs and dividend payments.
long-term debt borrowings and repayments were a net $3.25 billion source of cash in 2014 compared to a $21 million use of cash in 2013 and a $17 million use of cash in 2012. during 2014, we issued $1.95 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes and borrowed $700 million under a term loan credit agreement to finance the acquisition of hess' retail operations and related assets. in addition, mplx had net borrowings of $635 million under its revolving credit agreement and term loan agreement. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 20 for additional information on our long-term debt.
cash used in common stock repurchases totaled $2.13 billion in 2014, $2.79 billion in 2013 and $1.35 billion in 2012 associated with the share repurchase plans authorized by our board of directors. the table below summarizes our total share repurchases. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 10 for further discussion of the share repurchase plans.
cash proceeds from the issuance of mplx common units were $221 million in 2014 and $407 million in 2012. the initial public offering in 2012 represented the sale of a 26.4 percent interest in mplx. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 4 for further discussion of mplx.
derivative instruments see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for a discussion of derivative instruments and associated market risk.
capital resources our liquidity totaled $5.27 billion at december 31, 2014 consisting of:
(in millions)                                         total capacity       outstanding borrowings                availablecapacity revolving credit agreement(a)                          $2,500              $-                                       $2,500
trade receivables securitization facility(b)            1,280              -                                         1,280
total liquidity                                                                                                     $5,274
(a)   excludes mplx's $1 billion revolving credit agreement, which had $385 million of borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2014.
(b)   availability under our $1.3 billion trade receivables securitization facility is a function of refined product selling prices, which will be lower in a sustained lower price environment. as of january 31, 2015, eligible trade receivables supported borrowings of $700 million.
because of the alternatives available to us, including internally generated cash flow and access to capital markets, we believe that our short-term and long-term liquidity is adequate to fund not only our current operations, but also our near-term and long-term funding requirements, including capital spending programs, the repurchase of shares of our common stock, dividend payments, defined benefit plan contributions, repayment of debt maturities and other amounts that may ultimately be paid in connection with contingencies.
mpc revolving credit agreement - we have a $2.5 billion unsecured revolving credit agreement ("credit agreement") in place with a maturity date of september 14, 2017. the credit agreement includes letter of credit issuing capacity of up to $2.0 billion and swingline loan capacity of up to $100 million. we may increase our borrowing capacity under the credit agreement by up to an additional $500 million, subject to certain conditions including the consent of the lenders whose commitments would be increased. in addition, the maturity date may be extended for up to two additional one-year periods subject to the approval of lenders holding greater than 50 percent of the commitments then outstanding, provided that the commitments of any non-consenting lenders will be terminated on the then-effective maturity date.
borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at either the adjusted libo rate (as defined in the credit agreement) plus a margin or the alternate base rate (as defined in the credit agreement) plus a margin. we are charged various fees and expenses in connection with the credit agreement, including administrative agent fees, commitment fees on the unused portion of our borrowing capacity and fees related to issued and outstanding letters of credit. the applicable interest rates and certain of the fees fluctuate based on the credit ratings in effect from time to time on our long-term debt.
there were no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding at december 31, 2014.
trade receivables securitization facility - on december 18, 2013, we entered into a three-year, $1.3 billion trade receivables securitization facility with a group of financial institutions that act as committed purchasers, conduit purchasers, letter of credit issuers and managing agents under the facility. the facility is evidenced by a receivables purchase agreement and a second amended and restated receivables sale agreement and replaces the previously existing accounts receivable facility that was set to expire on june 30, 2014.
the facility consists of one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, marathon petroleum company lp ("mpc lp"), selling or contributing on an on-going basis all of its trade receivables (including trade receivables acquired from marathon petroleum trading canada llc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of mpc lp), together with all related security and interests in the proceeds thereof, without recourse, to another wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote special purpose subsidiary, mpc trade receivables company llc ("trc"), in exchange for a combination of cash, equity or a subordinated note issued by trc to mpc lp. trc, in turn, has the ability to finance its purchase of the receivables from mpc lp by selling undivided ownership interests in qualifying trade receivables, together with all related security and interests in the proceeds thereof, without recourse, to the purchasing group in exchange for cash proceeds. the facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit of up to an initial amount of $1.25 billion, provided that the aggregate credit exposure of the purchasing group is limited to no more than $1.3 billion at any one time.
to the extent that trc retains an ownership interest in the receivables it has purchased or received from mpc lp, such interest will be included in our consolidated financial statements solely as a result of the consolidation of the financial statements of trc with those of mpc. the receivables sold or contributed to trc are available first and foremost to satisfy claims of the creditors of trc and are not available to satisfy the claims of creditors of mpc. trc has granted a security interest in all of its assets to the purchasing group to secure its obligations under the receivables purchase agreement.
proceeds from the sale of undivided percentage ownership interests in qualifying receivables under the facility will be reflected as debt on our consolidated balance sheet. we will remain responsible for servicing the receivables sold to the purchasing group. trc pays floating-rate interest charges and usage fees on amounts outstanding under the facility, if any, and certain other fees related to the administration of the facility and letters of credit that are issued and outstanding under the facility.
as of december 31, 2014, eligible trade receivables supported borrowings of $1.28 billion. there were no borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2014. availability under our trade receivables securitization facility is a function of refined product selling prices, which will be lower in a sustained lower price environment. as of january 31, 2015, eligible trade receivables supported borrowings of $700 million.
mplx credit agreement - on november 20, 2014, mplx entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders ("mplx credit agreement"), which provides for a five-year $1 billion bank revolving credit facility and a $250 million term loan facility. the maturity date on both facilities is november 20, 2019.
the bank revolving credit facility includes letter of credit issuing capacity of up to $250 million and swingline loan capacity of up to $100 million. the borrowing capacity under the mplx credit agreement may be increased by up to an additional $500 million, subject to certain conditions, including the consent of the lenders whose commitments would increase. in addition, the maturity date may be extended up to two additional one-year periods subject to the approval of lenders holding the majority of the commitments then outstanding, provided that the commitments of any non-consenting lenders will be terminated on the original maturity date.
the term loan facility was drawn in full on november 20, 2014. the maturity date for the term loan facility may be extended for up to two additional one-year periods subject to the consent of the lenders holding a majority of the outstanding term loan borrowings, provided that the portion of the term loan borrowings held by any non-consenting lenders will continue to be due and payable on the original maturity date. the borrowings under this facility during 2014 were at an average interest rate of 1.4 percent.
borrowings under the mplx credit agreement bear interest at either the adjusted libo rate or the alternate base rate (as defined in the mplx credit agreement) plus a specified margin. mplx is charged various fees and expenses in connection with the agreement, including administrative agent fees, commitment fees on the unused portion of the bank revolving credit facility and fees with respect to issued and outstanding letters of credit. the applicable interest rates and certain of the fees fluctuate based the credit ratings in effect from time to time on mplx's long-term debt.
in connection with entering into this new credit agreement, mplx terminated its previously existing $500 million five-year mplx operations llc bank revolving credit agreement, dated as of september 14, 2012. during 2014, mplx borrowed $280 million under the mplx operations llc bank revolving credit agreement, at an average interest rate of 1.5 percent, per annum, and repaid all of these borrowings.
during 2014, mplx borrowed $630 million under the new revolving credit agreement, at an average interest rate of 1.4 percent, per annum, and repaid $245 million of these borrowings. at december 31, 2014, mplx had $385 million of borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the mplx credit agreement, resulting in total unused loan availability of $615 million, or 61.5 percent of the borrowing capacity.
debt-to-total-capital ratio as described in further detail below, the increase in debt as of year-end 2014 compared to year-end 2013 was primarily related to financing a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of hess' retail operations and related assets. our debt-to-total capital ratio (total debt to total debt-plus-equity) was 37 percent and 23 percent at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
long-term debt due within one year                    $27                 $23
calculation of debt-to-total capital ratio:
plus equity                                        11,390              11,332
total debt plus equity                            $18,027             $14,728
debt-to-total capital ratio                            37   %              23   %
mpc term loan agreement - on august 26, 2014, we entered into a $700 million five-year senior unsecured term loan credit agreement (the "term loan agreement") with a syndicate of lenders to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of hess' retail operations and related assets. the term loan agreement matures on september 24, 2019 and may be prepaid at any time without premium or penalty. we are obligated to pay certain customary fees under the term loan agreement, including an annual administrative fee.
amounts outstanding under the term loan agreement bear interest at either of the following rates at our election (i) the sum of the adjusted libo rate (as defined in the term loan agreement), plus a margin ranging between 0.875 percent to 1.75 percent, depending on our credit ratings, or (ii) the sum of the base rate (as defined in the term loan agreement), plus a margin ranging between zero percent to 0.75 percent, depending on our credit ratings. the borrowings under this facility during 2014 were at an average interest rate of 1.3 percent.
senior notes - on september 5, 2014, we completed a public offering of $1.95 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the "senior notes"), consisting of $750 million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due 2024, $800 million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due 2044 and $400 million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due 2054. the net proceeds from the offering of the senior notes were approximately $1.92 billion, after deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses. the net proceeds were used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of hess' retail operations and related assets. interest on each series of senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on march 15 and september 15 of each year, commencing on march 15, 2015.
the senior notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of ours and rank equally with all our other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.
the term loan agreement, the credit agreement and the mplx credit agreement contain representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that we consider usual and customary for agreements of these types. the financial covenant included in the term loan agreement and the mpc credit agreement requires us to maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, a ratio of consolidated net debt to total capitalization (as defined in the term loan agreement and the mpc credit agreement) of no greater than 0.65 to 1.00. as of december 31, 2014, we were in compliance with this debt covenant with a ratio of consolidated net debt to total capitalization of 0.33 to 1.00, as well as the other covenants contained in the term loan agreement and the mpc credit agreement.
the mplx credit agreement includes certain representations and warranties, affirmative and restrictive covenants and events of default that we consider to be usual and customary for an agreement of this type. the mplx credit agreement includes a financial covenant that requires mplx to maintain a ratio of consolidated total debt as of the end of each fiscal quarter to consolidated ebitda (both as defined in the mplx credit agreement) for the prior four fiscal quarters of no greater than 5.0 to 1.0 (or 5.5 to 1.0 for up to two fiscal quarters following certain acquisitions). consolidated ebitda is subject to adjustments for certain acquisitions completed and capital projects undertaken during the relevant period. other covenants restrict mplx from incurring debt, creating liens on its assets and entering into transactions with affiliates. as of december 31, 2014, mplx was in compliance with the covenants contained in the mplx credit agreement, including a ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated ebitda of 2.8 to 1.0.
our intention is to maintain an investment grade credit profile. as of february 9, 2015, the credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt were at or above investment grade level as follows.
fitch                   bbb (stable outlook)
the ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies. although it is our intention to maintain a credit profile that supports an investment grade rating, there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time. the ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant.
neither the credit agreement, the mplx credit agreement nor our trade receivables securitization facility contains credit rating triggers that would result in the acceleration of interest, principal or other payments in the event that our credit ratings are downgraded. however, any downgrades of our senior unsecured debt to below investment grade ratings would increase the applicable interest rates, yields and other fees payable under the credit agreement and our trade receivables securitization facility. in addition, a downgrade of our senior unsecured debt rating to below investment grade levels could, under certain circumstances, decrease the amount of trade receivables that are eligible to be sold under our trade receivables securitization facility, impact our ability to purchase crude oil on an unsecured basis and could result in us having to post letters of credit under existing transportation services agreements.
capital requirements we have a capital and investment budget for 2015 of $2.53 billion, excluding capitalized interest. additional details related to the 2015 capital and investment budget are discussed in the capital budget outlook section below.
pursuant to the purchase and sale agreement for the galveston bay refinery and related assets, we may be required to pay the seller a contingent earnout of up to an additional $700 million over six years, subject to certain conditions. in july 2014, we paid $180 million for the first period's contingent earnout. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes 5 and 18.
on july 30, 2014, our board of directors approved an additional $2.0 billion share repurchase authorization expiring in july 2016. as of december 31, 2014, our board of directors had approved $8.0 billion in total share repurchase authorizations since january 1, 2012 and we have repurchased a total of $6.27 billion of our common stock under these authorizations, leaving $1.73 billion available for repurchases. under these authorizations, we have acquired 89 million shares at an average cost per share of $70.35.
we may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated share repurchases or open market solicitations for shares, some of which may be effected through rule 10b5-1 plans. the timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be discontinued at any time.
the above discussion contains forward-looking statements with respect to share repurchase authorizations. factors that could affect the share repurchase authorizations and the timing of any repurchases include, but are not limited to business conditions, availability of liquidity and the market price of our common stock. these factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
capital lease obligations(b)                                                        470                  47                  90                    84                   249
other long-term liabilities reported in the consolidated balance sheet(h)         1,111                  77                 181                   235                   618
(a)   includes interest payments for our senior notes, term loans and the mplx credit agreement and commitment and administrative fees for our credit agreement, the mplx credit agreement and our trade receivables securitization facility.
(b)   capital lease obligations represent future minimum payments.
(d)   these contracts include variable price arrangements with estimated prices to be paid primarily based on futures curves.
(f)   includes $520 million of contingent consideration associated with the acquisition of the galveston bay refinery and related assets. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 5 for additional information on this acquisition.
(g)   primarily includes contracts to purchase services such as utilities, supplies and various other maintenance and operating services.
(h)   primarily includes obligations for pension and other postretirement benefits including medical and life insurance, which we have estimated through 2024. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 23.
off-balance sheet arrangements off-balance sheet arrangements comprise those arrangements that may potentially impact our liquidity, capital resources and results of operations, even though such arrangements are not recorded as liabilities under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. our off-balance sheet arrangements are limited to indemnities and guarantees that are described below. although these arrangements serve a variety of our business purposes, we are not dependent on them to maintain our liquidity and capital resources, and we are not aware of any circumstances that are reasonably likely to cause the off-balance sheet arrangements to have a material adverse effect on liquidity and capital resources.
we have provided various guarantees related to equity method investees. in conjunction with the spinoff, we entered into various indemnities and guarantees to marathon oil. these arrangements are described in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 26.
capital budget outlook we have a capital and investment budget for 2015 of $2.53 billion, excluding capitalized interest and any acquisitions we may make. this represents a 27 percent increase from our 2014 spending, excluding the acquisition of hess' retail operations and related assets. the budget includes spending on refining, retail marketing, transportation, logistics and brand marketing projects as well as amounts designated for corporate activities. we continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant.
refining & marketing the refining & marketing segment's 2015 capital budget is $1.28 billion, which includes $234 million for midstream assets, approximately $370 million for refining margin enhancement projects and approximately $675 million for refinery-sustaining capital. a number of these projects span multiple years.
the $234 million budgeted for midstream assets includes projects that will allow us to process condensate from the utica shale region and grow gulf coast export capabilities. we have a project to build a condensate splitter at our catlettsburg refinery to allow it to process up to 35 mbpcd of condensate from the utica shale region that we expect to complete in 2015. we began operation of a condensate splitter at our canton refinery at the end of 2014 to allow it to process up to 25 mbpcd of condensate. we have projects at our galveston bay and garyville refineries to increase export capabilities by 165 mbpd by 2018. in 2015, we expect to complete projects representing 50 mbpd of that total.
the $370 million budgeted for refining margin enhancement projects includes projects that will allow us to increase our diesel production and to process light crude oil from the utica shale region. at our garyville refinery, we completed a hydrocracker expansion in the first quarter of 2014 that increased the hydrocracker capacity to 110 mbpcd and we expect to complete a project to expand the distillate hydrotreater by 10 mbpcd in the first quarter of 2015. at our galveston bay refinery, we have a hydrocracker project designed to increase our ulsd production by nine mbpd by shifting yields from gasoline, which we expect to complete in 2015. at our robinson refinery, we have a similar project to revamp our distillate hydrocracker to improve margins by processing more feedstock at a lower conversion and shifting approximately five mbpd of light products to ulsd production and a project to increase the light crude oil processing capacity by 30 mbpcd, which will allow it to run 100 percent light crude oil. we expect to complete these projects in 2015 and 2016, respectively.
during 2014, we worked on a front-end engineering and design study for a residual fuel hydrocracker project at our garyville refinery intended to increase margins by upgrading residual fuel to ulsd and gas oil. we are deferring a final investment decision on this project with estimated total costs of $2.2 billion to $2.5 billion as we further evaluate the implications of current market conditions on the project. as of december 31, 2014, we have capitalized $90 million of costs associated with this project. if a decision is made to not pursue this project, there could be a future impairment of the costs incurred for the project.
the remaining $675 million budget is primarily allocated to maintaining facilities and meeting regulatory requirements at our refineries.
speedway the speedway segment's 2015 capital budget of $452 million is focused on continued growth and integrating the convenience stores acquired from hess into speedway. the budget includes approximately $240 million for the hess retail outlets primarily associated with store conversions and remodels, which will drive incremental merchandise sales. the remaining budget is primarily for new convenience store construction and land acquisition to expand our markets and remodeling and rebuilding projects to upgrade and enhance our existing facilities. we have identified numerous opportunities for new convenience stores or store rebuilds in our existing market, western pennsylvania and tennessee. also included in the capital budget are expenditures for technology, equipment and dispenser upgrades.
pipeline transportation the pipeline transportation segment's 2015 capital budget of $659 million is focused on projects to support the changing energy landscape in the united states, including equity investments in major pipeline projects, new infrastructure and upgrades to replace or enhance our existing facilities. we expect to invest approximately $310 million in the sandpiper and sax pipeline projects in 2015 and $1.5 billion in total.
in addition, pending the completion of a binding open season, mplx is planning to construct the cornerstone pipeline project to connect utica shale production in southeastern ohio to our canton refinery and related build-out opportunities, which is expected to cost approximately $200 million and is anticipated to be operational in 2016.
corporate and other the remaining 2015 capital budget includes $140 million, primarily related to an expansion project for our corporate headquarters and upgrades to information technology systems.
our opinions concerning liquidity and capital resources and our ability to avail ourselves in the future of the financing options mentioned in the above forward-looking statements are based on currently available information. if this information proves to be inaccurate, future availability of financing may be adversely affected. factors that affect the availability of financing include our performance (as measured by various factors, including cash provided by operating activities), the state of worldwide debt and equity markets, investor perceptions and expectations of past and future performance, the global financial climate, and, in particular, with respect to borrowings, the levels of our outstanding debt and credit ratings by rating agencies. the discussion of liquidity and capital resources above also contains forward-looking statements regarding expected capital and investment spending, costs for projects under construction, project completion dates and expectations or projections about strategies and goals for growth, upgrades and expansion. the forward-looking statements about our capital and investment budget are based on current expectations, estimates and projections and are not guarantees of future performance. actual results may differ materially from these expectations, estimates and projections and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. some factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include prices of and demand for crude oil and refinery feedstocks and refined products, actions of competitors, delays in obtaining necessary third-party approvals, changes in labor, materials, and equipment costs and availability, planned and unplanned outages, the delay of, cancellation of or failure to implement planned capital projects, project cost overruns, disruptions or interruptions of our refining operations due to the shortage of skilled labor and unforeseen hazards such as weather conditions, acts of war or terrorist acts and the governmental or military response, and other operating and economic considerations.
transactions with related parties we believe that transactions with related parties were conducted under terms comparable to those with unrelated parties. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 8 for discussion of activity with related parties.
environmental matters and compliance costs we have incurred and may continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of environmental laws and regulations. if these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our operating results will be adversely affected. we believe that substantially all of our competitors must comply with similar environmental laws and regulations. however, the specific impact on each competitor may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of its operating facilities, marketing areas, production processes and whether it is also engaged in the petrochemical business or the marine transportation of crude oil and refined products.
legislation and regulations pertaining to fuel specifications, climate change and greenhouse gas emissions have the potential to materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including costs of compliance and permitting delays. the extent and magnitude of these adverse impacts cannot be reliably or accurately estimated at this time because specific regulatory and legislative requirements have not been finalized and uncertainty exists with respect to the measures being considered, the costs and the time frames for compliance, and our ability to pass compliance costs on to our customers. for additional information see item 1a. risk factors.
our environmental expenditures, including non-regulatory expenditures, for each of the last three years were:
capital                           $102               $50              $115
(a)   based on the american petroleum institute's definition of environmental expenditures.
we accrue for environmental remediation activities when the responsibility to remediate is probable and the amount of associated costs can be reasonably estimated. as environmental remediation matters proceed toward ultimate resolution or as additional remediation obligations arise, charges in excess of those previously accrued may be required.
new or expanded environmental requirements, which could increase our environmental costs, may arise in the future. we believe we comply with all legal requirements regarding the environment, but since not all of them are fixed or presently determinable (even under existing legislation) and may be affected by future legislation or regulations, it is not possible to predict all of the ultimate costs of compliance, including remediation costs that may be incurred and penalties that may be imposed.
our environmental capital expenditures accounted for five percent, four percent and eight percent of capital expenditures excluding the acquisitions of the galveston bay refinery and related assets and hess' retail operations and related assets in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. our environmental capital expenditures are expected to approximate $250 million, or ten percent, of total capital expenditures in 2015. predictions beyond 2015 can only be broad-based estimates, which have varied, and will continue to vary, due to the ongoing evolution of specific regulatory requirements, the possible imposition of more stringent requirements and the availability of new technologies, among other matters. based on currently identified projects, we anticipate that environmental capital expenditures will be approximately $410 million in 2016; however, actual expenditures may vary as the number and scope of environmental projects are revised as a result of improved technology or changes in regulatory requirements and could increase if additional projects are identified or additional requirements are imposed.
for more information on environmental regulations that impact us, or could impact us, see item 1. business - environmental matters, item 1a. risk factors and item 3. legal proceedings.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("us gaap") requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. accounting estimates are considered to be critical if (1) the nature of the estimates and assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and (2) the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material. actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used.
fair value estimates fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. there are three approaches for measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: the market approach, the income approach and the cost approach, each of which includes multiple valuation techniques. the market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. the income approach uses valuation techniques to measure fair value by converting future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings, into a single present value amount using current market expectations about those future amounts. the cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace the service capacity of an asset. this is often referred to as current replacement cost. the cost approach assumes that the fair value would not exceed what it would cost a market participant to acquire or construct a substitute asset of comparable utility, adjusted for obsolescence.
the fair value accounting standards do not prescribe which valuation technique should be used when measuring fair value and does not prioritize among the techniques. these standards establish a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in applying the various valuation techniques. inputs broadly refer to the assumptions that market participants use to make pricing decisions, including assumptions about risk. level 1 inputs are given the highest priority in the fair value hierarchy while level 3 inputs are given the lowest priority. the three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
•   level 1 - observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets as of the measurement date. active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
•   level 2 - observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. these are inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date.
•   level 3 - unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data and may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management's best estimate of fair value.
valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs are favored. assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest priority level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. the assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the placement of assets and liabilities within the levels of the fair value hierarchy. we use a market or income approach for recurring fair value measurements and endeavor to use the best information available. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 18 for disclosures regarding our fair value measurements.
•   assessment of impairment of equity method investments;
•   recorded values for acquisitions; and
impairment assessments of long-lived assets, goodwill and equity method investments fair value calculated for the purpose of testing our long-lived assets, goodwill and equity method investments for impairment is estimated using the expected present value of future cash flows method and comparative market prices when appropriate. significant judgment is involved in performing these fair value estimates since the results are based on forecasted assumptions. significant assumptions include:
•   future margins on products produced and sold. our estimates of future product margins are based on our analysis of various supply and demand factors, which include, among other things, industry-wide capacity, our planned utilization rate, end-user demand, capital expenditures and economic conditions. such estimates are consistent with those used in our planning and capital investment reviews.
•   discount rate commensurate with the risks involved. we apply a discount rate to our cash flows based on a variety of factors, including market and economic conditions, operational risk, regulatory risk and political risk. this discount rate is also compared to recent observable market transactions, if possible. a higher discount rate decreases the net present value of cash flows.
•   future capital requirements. these are based on authorized spending and internal forecasts.
the need to test for impairment can be based on several indicators, including a significant reduction in prices of or demand for products produced, a poor outlook for profitability, a significant reduction in pipeline throughput volumes, significant reduction in refining margins, other changes to contracts or changes in the regulatory environment in which the asset or equity method investment is located.
long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. for purposes of impairment evaluation, long-lived assets must be grouped at the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified, which generally is the refinery and associated distribution system level for refining & marketing segment assets, site level for speedway segment convenience stores or the pipeline system level for pipeline transportation segment assets. if the sum of the undiscounted estimated pretax cash flows is less than the carrying value of an asset group, fair value is calculated, and the carrying value is written down if greater than the calculated fair value.
unlike long-lived assets, goodwill must be tested for impairment at least annually, or between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. at december 31, 2014, we had a total of $1.57 billion of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. the fair value of our reporting units exceeded book value for each of our reporting units in 2014.
equity method investments are assessed for impairment whenever factors indicate an other than temporary loss in value. factors providing evidence of such a loss include the fair value of an investment that is less than its carrying value, absence of an ability to recover the carrying value or the investee's inability to generate income sufficient to justify our carrying value. at december 31, 2014, we had $865 million of investments in equity method investments recorded on our consolidated balance sheet.
an estimate of the sensitivity to net income resulting from impairment calculations is not practicable, given the numerous assumptions (e.g., pricing, volumes and discount rates) that can materially affect our estimates. that is, unfavorable adjustments to some of the above listed assumptions may be offset by favorable adjustments in other assumptions.
centennial experienced a significant reduction in shipment volumes in the second half of 2011 that has continued through 2014. at december 31, 2014, centennial was not shipping product. as a result, we continued to evaluate the carrying value of our equity investment in centennial. we concluded that no impairment was required given our assessment of its fair value based on market participant assumptions for various potential uses and future cash flows of centennial's assets. if market conditions were to change and the owners of centennial are unable to find an alternative use for the assets, there could be a future impairment of our centennial interest. as of december 31, 2014, our equity investment in centennial was $36 million and we had a $38 million guarantee associated with 50 percent of centennial's outstanding debt. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 26 for additional information on the debt guarantee.
the above discussion contains forward-looking statements with respect to the carrying value of our centennial equity investment. factors that could affect the carrying value of our centennial equity investment include, but are not limited to, a change in business conditions, a further decline or improvement in the long-term outlook of the potential uses of centennial's assets and the pursuit of different strategic alternatives for such assets. these factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
acquisitions in accounting for business combinations, acquired assets and liabilities and contingent consideration are recorded based on estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. the excess or shortfall of the purchase price when compared to the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired, if any, is recorded as goodwill or a bargain purchase gain, respectively. a significant amount of judgment is involved in estimating the individual fair values of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, contingent consideration and other assets and liabilities. we use all available information to make these fair value determinations and, for certain acquisitions, engage third-party consultants for assistance.
the fair value of assets and liabilities, including contingent consideration, as of the acquisition date are often estimated using a combination of approaches, including the income approach, which requires us to project related future cash inflows and outflows and apply an appropriate discount rate; the cost approach, which requires estimates of replacement costs and depreciation and obsolescence estimates; and the market approach which uses market data and adjusts for entity-specific differences. the estimates used in determining fair values are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are inherently uncertain. accordingly, actual results may differ from the projected results used to determine fair value.
the fair value of the contingent consideration we expect to pay to bp is re-measured each quarter using an income approach, with changes in fair value recorded in cost of revenues. the amount of cash to be paid under the arrangement is based on both a market-based crack spread and refinery throughput volumes for the months during which the contract applies, as well as established thresholds that cap the annual and total payment. we used internal and external forecasts for the crack spread and internal forecasts for refinery throughput volumes and applied an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate to the range of cash flows indicated by various scenarios to determine the fair value of the arrangement. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 5 for additional information on our acquisitions. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 18 for additional information on fair value measurements.
derivatives we record all derivative instruments at fair value. all of our commodity derivatives are cleared through exchanges which provide active trading information for identical derivatives and do not require any assumptions in arriving at fair value. fair value estimation for all our derivative instruments is discussed in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 18. additional information about derivatives and their valuation may be found in item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations accounting for pension and other postretirement benefit obligations involves numerous assumptions, the most significant of which relate to the following:
•   the mortality table used in determining future plan obligations.
we utilize the work of third-party actuaries to assist in the measurement of these obligations. we have selected different discount rates for our funded pension plans and our unfunded retiree health care plans due to the different projected benefit payment patterns. the selected rates are compared to various similar bond indexes for reasonableness. in determining the assumed discount rates, we use our third-party actuary's discount rate model. this model calculates an equivalent single discount rate for the projected benefit plan cash flows using a yield curve derived from aa bond yields. the yield curve represents a series of annualized individual spot discount rates from 0.5 to 99 years. the bonds used have an average rating of aa or higher by a recognized rating agency and generally only non-callable bonds are included. outlier bonds that have a yield to maturity that deviate significantly from the average yield within each maturity grouping are not included. each issue is required to have at least $250 million par value outstanding.
of the assumptions used to measure the year-end obligations and estimated annual net periodic benefit cost, the discount rate has the most significant effect on the periodic benefit cost reported for the plans. decreasing the discount rates of 3.65 percent for our pension plans and 4.15 percent for our other postretirement benefit plans by 0.25 percent would increase pension obligations and other postretirement benefit plan obligations by $42 million and $32 million, respectively, and would increase defined benefit pension expense and other postretirement benefit plan expense by $2 million and $4 million, respectively.
the long-term asset rate of return assumption considers the asset mix of the plans (currently targeted at approximately 51 percent equity securities and 49 percent fixed income securities for the primary funded pension plan), past performance and other factors. certain components of the asset mix are modeled with various assumptions regarding inflation and returns. in addition, our long-term asset rate of return assumption is compared to those of other companies and to historical returns for reasonableness. after evaluating activity in the capital markets, along with the current and projected plan investments, we reduced the asset rate of return for our primary plan from 7.00 percent to 6.75 percent effective for 2015. we used the 7.00 percent long-term rate of return to determine our 2014 defined benefit pension expense. decreasing the 6.75 percent asset rate of return assumption by 0.25 percent would increase our defined benefit pension expense by $4 million.
compensation change assumptions are based on historical experience, anticipated future management actions and demographics of the benefit plans.
we utilized the 2014 mortality tables from the u.s. society of actuaries.