item 1a.   risk factors.
m&t and its subsidiaries could be adversely impacted by various risks and uncertainties which are difficult to predict. as a financial institution, the company has significant exposure to market risk, including interest-rate risk, liquidity risk and credit risk, among others. adverse experience with these or other risks could have a material impact on the company’s financial condition and results of operations, as well as on the value of the company’s financial instruments in general, and m&t’s common stock, in particular.
poor business and economic conditions in general or specifically in markets served by the company could have one or more of the following adverse effects on the company’s business:
—   a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by the company.
—   a decrease in net interest income derived from the company’s lending and deposit gathering activities.
—   a decrease in the value of the company’s investment securities, loans held for sale or other assets secured by residential or commercial real estate.
—   other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities in the company’s investment securities portfolio.
—   a decrease in fees from the company’s brokerage and trust businesses associated with declines or lack of growth in stock market prices.
—   an impairment of certain intangible assets, such as goodwill.
—                                                  an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or other obligations to the company. an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults could result in higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale.
the company’s business and financial performance is impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates. the monetary, tax and other policies of governmental agencies, including the federal reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance over which the company has no control and which the company may not be able to anticipate adequately.
as a result of the high percentage of the company’s assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, changes in interest rates, in the shape of the yield curve or in spreads between different market interest rates, can have a material effect on the company’s business and profitability and the value of the company’s assets and liabilities. for example:
—   changes in interest rates or interest rate spreads can affect the difference between the interest that the company earns on assets and the interest that the company pays on liabilities, which impacts the company’s overall net interest income and profitability.
—   such changes can affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable rate loans and other debt instruments, and can, in turn, affect the company’s loss rates on those assets.
—   such changes may decrease the demand for interest rate based products and services, including loans and deposits.
—   such changes can also affect the company’s ability to hedge various forms of market and interest rate risk and may decrease the profitability or protection or increase the risk or cost associated with such hedges.
—        movements in interest rates also affect mortgage prepayment speeds and could result in the impairment of capitalized mortgage servicing assets, reduce the value of loans held for sale and increase the volatility of mortgage banking revenues, potentially adversely affecting the company’s results of operations.
the monetary, tax and other policies of the government and its agencies, including the federal reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance. these governmental policies can thus affect the activities and results of operations of banking companies such as the company. an important function of the federal reserve is to regulate the national supply of bank credit and certain interest rates. the actions of the federal reserve influence the rates of interest that the company charges on loans and that the company pays on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of the company’s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. also, due to the impact on rates for short-term funding, the federal reserve’s policies also influence, to a significant extent, the company’s cost of such funding. in addition, the company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities. such examinations may result in challenges to the tax return treatment applied by the company to specific transactions. management believes that the assumptions and
judgment used to record tax-related assets or liabilities have been appropriate. should tax laws change or the tax authorities determine that management’s assumptions were inappropriate, the result and adjustments required could have a material effect on the company’s results of operations. m&t cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary, tax and other policies or the effect that they may have on the company’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations.
the company’s business and performance is vulnerable to the impact of volatility in debt and equity markets.
as most of the company’s assets and liabilities are financial in nature, the company’s performance tends to be sensitive to the performance of the financial markets. turmoil and volatility in u.s. and global financial markets can be a major contributory factor to overall weak economic conditions, leading to some of the risks discussed herein, including the impaired ability of borrowers and other counterparties to meet obligations to the company. financial market volatility also can have some of the following adverse effects on the company and its business, including adversely affecting the company’s financial condition and results of operations:
—   it can affect the value or liquidity of the company’s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments.
—   it can affect the value of capitalized servicing assets.
—   it can affect m&amp;t’s ability to access capital markets to raise funds. inability to access capital markets if needed, at cost effective rates, could adversely affect the company’s liquidity and results of operations.
—                     it can affect the value of the assets that the company manages or otherwise administers or services for others. although the company is not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related fee income and could result in decreased demand for the company’s services.
—   in general, it can impact the nature, profitability or risk profile of the financial transactions in which the company engages.
volatility in the markets for real estate and other assets commonly securing financial products has been and may continue to be a significant contributor to overall volatility in financial markets.
the company’s regional concentrations expose it to adverse economic conditions in its primary retail banking office footprint.
the company’s core banking business is largely concentrated within the company’s retail banking office network footprint, located principally in new york, pennsylvania, maryland, delaware, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia. therefore, the company is, or in the future may be, particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions in the northeast and mid-atlantic regions.
risks relating to the regulatory environment the company is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision and this regulatory environment is being significantly impacted by the financial regulatory reform initiatives in the united states, including the dodd-frank act and related regulations.
the company is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors’ funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the financial system as a whole, not security holders. these regulations and supervisory guidance affect the company’s lending practices, capital structure, amounts of capital, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance could result in civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, the loss of fdic insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. in this regard, government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies, are pursuing aggressive enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures and may also adversely affect the company’s ability to enter into certain transactions or engage in certain activities, or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith.
the united states government and others have recently undertaken major reforms of the regulatory oversight structure of the financial services industry. m&t expects to face increased regulation of its industry as a result of current and possible future initiatives. m&t also expects more intense scrutiny in the examination process and more aggressive enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels. compliance with these new regulations and supervisory initiatives will likely increase the company’s costs, reduce its revenue and may limit its ability to pursue certain desirable business opportunities.
not all of the rules required or expected to be implemented under the dodd-frank act have been proposed or adopted, and certain of the rules that have been proposed or adopted under the dodd-frank act are subject to phase-in or transitional periods. reforms, both under the dodd-frank act and otherwise, will have a significant effect on the entire financial services industry. although it is difficult to predict the magnitude and extent of these effects, m&t believes compliance with new regulations and other initiatives will likely negatively impact revenue and increase the cost of doing business, both in terms of transition expenses and on an ongoing basis, and may also limit m&t’s ability to pursue certain desirable business opportunities. any new regulatory requirements or changes to existing requirements could require changes to the company’s businesses, result in increased compliance costs and affect the profitability of such businesses. additionally, reform could affect the behaviors of third parties that the company deals with in the course of its business, such as rating agencies, insurance companies and investors. heightened regulatory practices, requirements or expectations could affect the company in substantial and unpredictable ways, and, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
new capital and liquidity standards adopted by the u.s. banking regulators will result in banks and bank holding companies needing to maintain more and higher quality capital and greater liquidity than has historically been the case.
new capital standards, both as a result of the dodd-frank act and the new u.s. basel iii-based capital rules will have a significant effect on banks and bank holding companies, including m&t. the new u.s. capital rules require bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries to maintain substantially more capital, with a greater emphasis on common equity. for additional information, see “capital requirements” under part i, item 1 “business.”
the need to maintain more and higher quality capital, as well as greater liquidity, going forward than historically has been required, and generally increased regulatory scrutiny with respect to capital levels, could limit the company’s business activities, including lending, and its ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. it could also result in m&t being required to take steps to increase its regulatory capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit its ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders, or sell or refrain from acquiring assets, the capital requirements for which are not justified by the assets’ underlying risks.
in addition, the new u.s. final basel iii-based liquidity coverage ratio requirement that will come into effect, subject to certain phase-in requirements, in 2016 and the liquidity-related provisions of the federal reserve’s liquidity-related enhanced prudential supervision requirements adopted pursuant to section 165 of dodd-frank will require the company to hold increased levels of unencumbered highly liquid investments, thereby reducing the company’s ability to invest in other longer-term assets even if deemed more desirable from a balance sheet management perspective. moreover, although these new requirements are being phased in over time, u.s. federal banking agencies have been taking into account expectations regarding the ability of banks to meet these new requirements, including under stressed conditions, in approving actions that represent uses of capital, such as dividend increases, share repurchases and acquisitions.
the effect of resolution plan requirements may have a material adverse impact on m&t.
bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, such as m&t, are required to report periodically to regulators a resolution plan for their rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure. m&t’s resolution plan must, among other things, ensure that its depository institution subsidiaries are adequately protected from risks arising from its other subsidiaries. the regulation adopted by the federal reserve and fdic sets specific standards for the resolution plans, including requiring a strategic analysis of the plan’s components, a description of the range of specific
actions the company proposes to take in resolution, and a description of the company’s organizational structure, material entities, interconnections and interdependencies, and management information systems, among other elements. to address effectively any shortcomings in the company’s resolution plan, the federal reserve and the fdic could require the company to change its business structure or dispose of businesses, which could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on its stock or interest and principal on its debt.
risks relating to the company’s business deteriorating credit quality could adversely impact the company.
as a lender, the company is exposed to the risk that customers will be unable to repay their loans in accordance with the terms of the agreements, and that any collateral securing the loans may be insufficient to assure full repayment. credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans.
factors that influence the company’s credit loss experience include overall economic conditions affecting businesses and consumers, generally, but also residential and commercial real estate valuations, in particular, given the size of the company’s real estate loan portfolios. factors that can influence the company’s credit loss experience include: (i) the impact of residential real estate values on loans to residential real estate builders and developers and other loans secured by residential real estate; (ii) the concentrations of commercial real estate loans in the company’s loan portfolio; (iii) the amount of commercial and industrial loans to businesses in areas of new york state outside of the new york city metropolitan area and in central pennsylvania that have historically experienced less economic growth and vitality than many other regions of the country; (iv) the repayment performance associated with first and second lien loans secured by residential real estate; and (v) the size of the company’s portfolio of loans to individual consumers, which historically have experienced higher net charge-offs as a percentage of loans outstanding than loans to other types of borrowers.
commercial real estate valuations can be highly subjective as they are based upon many assumptions. such valuations can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions, interest rates and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. similarly, residential real estate valuations can be impacted by housing trends, the availability of financing at reasonable interest rates, governmental policy regarding housing and housing finance and general economic conditions affecting consumers.
the company maintains an allowance for credit losses which represents, in management’s judgment, the amount of losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. the allowance is determined by management’s evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio based on such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the current financial condition of specific borrowers, the economic environment in which borrowers operate, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or indemnifications. the effects of probable decreases in expected principal cash flows on acquired loans are also considered in the establishment of the allowance for credit losses.
management believes that the allowance for credit losses appropriately reflects credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. however, there is no assurance that the allowance will be sufficient to cover such credit losses, particularly if housing and employment conditions worsen or the economy experiences a downturn. in those cases, the company may be required to increase the allowance through an increase in the provision for credit losses, which would reduce net income.
the company must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity.
the company must maintain adequate funding sources in the normal course of business to support its operations and fund outstanding liabilities, as well as meet regulatory expectations. the company primarily relies on deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding for the loans it makes and the operations of its business. core customer deposits, which include noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits and time deposits of $250,000 or less, have historically provided the company with a sizeable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds. in addition to customer deposits, sources of liquidity include borrowings from third party banks, securities dealers, various federal home loan banks and the federal reserve bank of new york.
the company’s liquidity and ability to fund and run the business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruptions and
volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or ability to access capital markets on favorable terms.
other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect the company’s liquidity and funding include a lack of market or customer confidence in, or negative news about, the company or the financial services industry generally which also may result in a loss of deposits and/or negatively affect the ability to access the capital markets; the loss of customer deposits to alternative investments; inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets; and downgrades in one or more of the company’s credit ratings. a downgrade in the company’s credit ratings, which could result from general industry-wide or regulatory factors not solely related to the company, could adversely affect the company’s ability to borrow funds and raise the cost of borrowings substantially and could cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements or take other actions that could adversely affect m&t’s ability to raise capital. many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which m&t has little or no control. there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future.
recent regulatory changes relating to liquidity and risk management may also negatively impact the company’s results of operations and competitive position. these regulations address, among other matters, liquidity stress testing, minimum liquidity requirements and restrictions on short-term debt issued by top-tier holding companies.
if the company is unable to continue to fund assets through customer bank deposits or access funding sources on favorable terms or if the company suffers an increase in borrowing costs or otherwise fails to manage liquidity effectively, the company’s liquidity, operating margins, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
the financial services industry is highly competitive and creates competitive pressures that could adversely affect the company’s revenue and profitability.
the financial services industry in which the company operates is highly competitive. the company competes not only with commercial and other banks and thrifts, but also with insurance companies, mutual funds, hedge funds, securities brokerage firms and other companies offering financial services in the u.s., globally and over the internet. the company competes on the basis of several factors, including capital, access to capital, revenue generation, products, services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have been acquired by or merged into other firms. these developments could result in the company’s competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as a broader range of products and services and geographic diversity. the company may experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of its competitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices or paying higher rates of interest on deposits. finally, technological change is influencing how individuals and firms conduct their financial affairs and changing the delivery channels for financial services, with the result that the company may have to contend with a broader range of competitors including many that are not located within the geographic footprint of its banking office network.
m&t may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions.
financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. the company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. many of these transactions expose the company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. in addition, the company’s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the company cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to the company. any such losses could have a material adverse effect on the company’s financial condition and results of operations.
m&t relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for its liquidity.
m&t is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. m&t typically receives substantially all of its revenue from subsidiary dividends. these dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on
m&t stock and interest and principal on its debt. various federal and/or state laws and regulations, as well as regulatory expectations, limit the amount of dividends that m&t’s banking subsidiaries and certain nonbank subsidiaries may pay. regulatory scrutiny of capital levels at bank holding companies and insured depository institution subsidiaries has increased in recent years and has resulted in increased regulatory focus on all aspects of capital planning, including dividends and other distributions to shareholders of banks, such as parent bank holding companies. see “item 1. business — dividends” for a discussion of regulatory and other restrictions on dividend declarations. also, m&t’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary’s creditors. limitations on m&t’s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on its stock or interest and principal on its debt.
m&t’s ability to pay dividends on common stock may be adversely affected by market and other factors outside of its control and will depend, in part, on a review of its capital plan by the federal reserve.
the federal reserve recently amended its capital planning and stress testing rules to, among other things, generally limit a bank holding company’s ability to make quarterly capital distributions – that is, dividends and share repurchases – commencing april 1, 2015 if the amount of actual cumulative quarterly capital issuances of instruments that qualify as regulatory capital are less than the bank holding company had indicated in its submitted capital plan as to which it received a non-objection from the federal reserve. under these new rules, for example, if a bank holding company issued a smaller amount of additional common stock than it had stated in its capital plan, it would be required to reduce common dividends and/or the amount of common stock repurchases so that the dollar amount of capital distributions, net of the dollar amount of additional common stock issued (“net distributions”), is no greater than the dollar amount of net distributions relating to its common stock included in its capital plan, as measured on an aggregate basis beginning in the third quarter of the nine-quarter planning horizon through the end of the then current quarter. as such, m&t’s ability to declare and pay dividends on its common stock, as well as the amount of such dividends, will depend, in part, on its ability to issue stock as per its capital plan or to otherwise remain in compliance with its capital plan, which may be adversely affected by market and other factors outside of m&t’s control.
the company is subject to operational risk.
like all businesses, the company is subject to operational risk, which represents the risk of loss resulting from human error, inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, and external events. operational risk also encompasses reputational risk and compliance and legal risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices or ethical standards, as well as the risk of noncompliance with contractual and other obligations. the company is also exposed to operational risk through outsourcing arrangements, and the effect that changes in circumstances or capabilities of its outsourcing vendors can have on the company’s ability to continue to perform operational functions necessary to its business. in addition, along with other participants in the financial services industry, the company frequently attempts to introduce new technology-driven products and services that are aimed at allowing the company to better serve customers and to reduce costs. the company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services that allows it to remain competitive or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. although the company seeks to mitigate operational risk through a system of internal controls that are reviewed and updated, no system of controls, however well designed and maintained, is infallible. control weaknesses or failures or other operational risks could result in charges, increased operational costs, harm to the company’s reputation or foregone business opportunities.
changes in accounting standards could impact the company’s financial condition and results of operations.
the accounting standard setters, including the financial accounting standards board (“fasb”), the sec and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the company’s consolidated financial statements. these changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how the company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, the company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the restating of the company’s prior period financial statements.
m&t’s accounting policies and processes are critical to the reporting of the company’s financial condition and results of operations. they require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain.
accounting policies and processes are fundamental to the company’s reported financial condition and results of operations. some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets or liabilities and financial results. several of m&t’s accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles (“gaap”), management is required to make certain assumptions and estimates in preparing the company’s financial statements. if assumptions or estimates underlying the company’s financial statements are incorrect, the company may experience material losses.
management has identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management’s judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments and contingencies. a variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset, valuing an asset or liability, or recognizing or reducing a liability. m&t has established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. in addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. because of the uncertainty surrounding judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, m&t could be required to adjust accounting policies or restate prior period financial statements if those judgments and estimates prove to be incorrect. for additional information, see part ii, item 7, management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, “critical accounting estimates” and note 1, “significant accounting policies,” of notes to financial statements in part ii, item 8.
difficulties in combining the operations of acquired entities with the company’s own operations may prevent m&t from achieving the expected benefits from its acquisitions.
m&t has regularly considered opportunities to expand and improve its business through acquisition of other financial institutions. inherent uncertainties exist when integrating the operations of an acquired entity. m&t may not be able to fully achieve its strategic objectives and planned operating efficiencies in an acquisition. in addition, the markets and industries in which the company and its potential acquisition targets operate are highly competitive. the company may lose customers or fail to retain the customers of acquired entities as a result of an acquisition. future acquisition and integration activities may require m&t to devote substantial time and resources, and as a result m&t may not be able to pursue other business opportunities.
after completing an acquisition, the company may not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition due to lower financial results pertaining to the acquired entity. for example, the company could experience higher credit losses than originally anticipated related to an acquired loan portfolio.
m&t could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel.
m&t’s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key individuals. competition for qualified candidates in the activities and markets that the company serves is significant and the company may not be able to hire these candidates and retain them. growth in the company’s business, including through acquisitions, may increase its need for additional qualified personnel. if the company is not able to hire or retain these key individuals, it may be unable to execute its business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to its business, financial condition and results of operations.
the federal banking agencies have issued joint guidance on executive compensation designed to help ensure that a banking organization’s incentive compensation policies do not encourage imprudent risk taking and are consistent with the safety and soundness of the organization. in addition, the dodd-frank act required those agencies, along with the sec, to adopt rules to require reporting of incentive compensation and to prohibit certain compensation arrangements. if as a result of complying with such rules the company is unable to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain its competitive position, or if the compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more significant, the company’s performance, including its competitive position, could be materially adversely affected.
severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could significantly impact the company’s business.
severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on the company’s ability to conduct business. such events could affect the stability of the company’s deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause the company to incur additional expenses. although the company has established disaster recovery plans and procedures, and monitors for significant environmental effects on its properties or its investments, the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company.
the company’s information systems may experience interruptions or breaches in security.
the company relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business. any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in disruptions to its accounting, deposit, loan and other systems, and adversely affect the company’s customer relationships. while the company has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of these possible events, there can be no assurance that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if any does occur, that it can be sufficiently remediated.
there have been increasing efforts on the part of third parties, including through cyber attacks, to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. there have been several recent instances involving financial services and consumer-based companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or customer information or the destruction or theft of corporate data. in addition, because the techniques used to cause such security breaches change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, the company may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. the ability of the company’s customers to bank remotely, including online and through mobile devices, requires secure transmission of confidential information and increases the risk of data security breaches.
the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of the company’s systems, particularly if widespread or resulting in financial losses to customers, could damage the company’s reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject it to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose it to civil litigation and financial liability.
the company is or may become involved from time to time in suits, legal proceedings, information-gathering requests, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies that may lead to adverse consequences.
many aspects of the company’s business involve substantial risk of legal liability. m&t and/or its subsidiaries have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from its or its subsidiaries’ business activities (and in some cases from the activities of companies m&t has acquired). in addition, from time to time, m&t is, or may become, the subject of governmental and self-regulatory agency information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings and other forms of regulatory inquiry, including by bank regulatory agencies, the sec and law enforcement authorities. the sec has announced a policy of seeking admissions of liability in certain settled cases, which could adversely impact the defense of private litigation. m&t is also at risk when it has agreed to indemnify others for losses related to legal proceedings, including litigation and governmental investigations and inquiries, they face, such as in connection with the purchase or sale of a business or assets. the results of such proceedings could lead to significant civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, damages, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restrictions on the way in which the company conducts its business, or reputational harm.
although the company establishes accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, the company does not have accruals for all legal proceedings where it faces a risk of loss. in addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued may not represent the ultimate loss to the company from the legal proceedings in question. thus, the company’s ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies, which could adversely affect the company’s financial condition and results of operations.
m&t relies on other companies to provide key components of the company’s business infrastructure.
third parties provide key components of the company’s business infrastructure such as banking services, processing, and internet connections and network access. any disruption in such services provided by these third parties or any failure of these third parties to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the company’s ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise to conduct business. technological or financial difficulties of a third party service provider could adversely affect the company’s business to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. the company may not be insured against all types of losses as a result of third party failures and insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all losses resulting from system failures or other disruptions. failures in the company’s business infrastructure could interrupt the operations or increase the costs of doing business.
detailed discussions of the specific risks outlined above and other risks facing the company are included within this annual report on form 10-k in part i, item 1 “business,” and part ii, item 7 “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.” furthermore, in part ii, item 7 under the heading “forward-looking statements” is included a description of certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions identified by management that are difficult to predict and that could materially affect the company’s financial condition and results of operations, as well as the value of the company’s financial instruments in general, and m&t common stock, in particular.
in addition, the market price of m&t common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of other factors, including changes in securities analysts’ estimates of financial performance, volatility of stock market prices and volumes, rumors or erroneous information, changes in market valuations of similar companies and changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the fasb or other regulatory agencies.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
corporate profile and significant developments m&t bank corporation (“m&t”) is a bank holding company headquartered in buffalo, new york with consolidated assets of $96.7 billion at december 31, 2014. the consolidated financial information presented herein reflects m&t and all of its subsidiaries, which are referred to collectively as “the company.” m&t’s wholly owned bank subsidiaries are m&t bank and wilmington trust, national association (“wilmington trust, n.a.”).
m&t bank, with total assets of $95.9 billion at december 31, 2014, is a new york-chartered commercial bank with 693 domestic banking offices in new york state, pennsylvania, maryland, delaware, virginia, west virginia, and the district of columbia, a full-service commercial banking office in ontario, canada, and an office in the cayman islands. m&t bank and its subsidiaries offer a broad range of financial services to a diverse base of consumers, businesses, professional clients, governmental entities and financial institutions located in their markets. lending is largely focused on consumers residing in new york state, pennsylvania, maryland, virginia, delaware and washington, d.c., and on small and medium size businesses based in those areas, although loans are originated through lending offices in other states and in ontario, canada. certain lending activities are also conducted in other states through various subsidiaries. trust and other fiduciary services are offered by m&t bank and through its wholly owned subsidiary, wilmington trust company. other subsidiaries of m&t bank include: m&t real estate trust, a commercial mortgage lender; m&t realty capital corporation, a multifamily commercial mortgage lender; m&t securities, inc., which provides brokerage, investment advisory and insurance services; wilmington trust investment advisors, inc., which serves as an investment advisor to the wilmington funds, a family of proprietary mutual funds, and other funds and institutional clients; and m&t insurance agency, inc., an insurance agency.
wilmington trust, n.a., with total assets of $2.8 billion at december 31, 2014, is a national bank with offices in wilmington, delaware and oakfield, new york. wilmington trust, n.a. and its subsidiaries offer various trust and wealth management services. wilmington trust, n.a. also offered selected deposit and loan products on a nationwide basis, largely through telephone, internet and direct mail marketing techniques.
on august 27, 2012, m&t announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with hudson city bancorp, inc. (“hudson city”), headquartered in paramus, new jersey, under which hudson city would be acquired by m&t. pursuant to the terms of the agreement, hudson city common shareholders will receive consideration for each common share of hudson city in an amount valued at .08403 of an m&t share in the form of either m&t common stock or cash, based on the election of each hudson city shareholder, subject to proration as specified in the merger agreement (which provides for an aggregate split of total consideration of 60% common stock of m&t and 40% cash). the estimated purchase price considering the closing price of m&t’s common stock of $125.62 on december 31, 2014 was $5.4 billion.
as of december 31, 2014, hudson city reported $36.6 billion of assets, including $21.7 billion of loans (predominantly residential real estate loans) and $7.9 billion of investment securities, and $31.8 billion of liabilities, including $19.4 billion of deposits. the merger has received the approval of the common shareholders of m&t and hudson city. however, the merger is subject to a number of conditions, including regulatory approvals.
on june 17, 2013, m&t and m&t bank entered into a written agreement with the federal reserve bank of new york. under the terms of the agreement, m&t and m&t bank are required to submit to the federal reserve bank of new york a revised compliance risk management program designed to ensure compliance with the bank secrecy act and anti-money-laundering laws and regulations (“bsa/aml”) and to take certain other steps to enhance their compliance practices. the company commenced a major initiative, including the hiring of outside consulting firms, intended to fully address those regulator concerns. m&t and m&t bank continue to make progress towards completing this initiative. in view of the timeframe required to implement this initiative, demonstrate its efficacy to the satisfaction of the regulators and otherwise meet any other regulatory requirements that may be imposed in connection with these matters, m&t and hudson city have extended the date after which either party may elect to terminate the merger agreement if the merger has not yet been completed to april 30, 2015. nevertheless, m&t’s pending acquisition of hudson city remains subject to regulatory approval, including approval by the federal reserve, and certain other closing conditions and, as a result, there can be no assurances that the merger will be completed by that date.
recent legislative developments the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (“dodd-frank act”) that was signed into law on july 21, 2010 has and will continue to significantly change the bank regulatory structure and affect the lending, deposit, investment, trading and operating activities of financial institutions and their holding companies, and the system of regulatory oversight of the company. the dodd-frank act requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range of new implementing rules and regulations, and to prepare numerous studies and reports for congress. not all of the rules required or expected to be implemented under the dodd-frank act have been proposed or adopted, and certain of the rules that have been proposed or adopted under the dodd-frank act are subject to phase-in or transitional periods. the implications of the dodd-frank act for the company’s businesses continue to depend to a large extent on the implementation of the legislation by the federal reserve and other agencies. a discussion of the provisions of the dodd-frank act is included in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
in july 2013, the federal reserve, the office of the comptroller of the currency and the federal deposit insurance corporation approved final rules (the “new capital rules”) establishing a new comprehensive capital framework for u.s. banking organizations. these rules went into effect as to m&t on january 1, 2015. the new capital rules generally implement the basel committee on banking supervision’s (the “basel committee”) december 2010 final capital framework for strengthening international capital standards (referred to as “basel iii”) and are intended to ensure that banking organizations have adequate capital levels given the risk levels of assets and off-balance sheet obligations. the new capital rules substantially revise the risk-based capital requirements applicable to bank holding companies and their depository institution subsidiaries, including m&t and m&t bank, as compared to the u.s. general risk-based capital rules that were applicable to m&t and m&t bank through december 31, 2014.
the new capital rules also preclude certain hybrid securities, such as trust preferred securities, from inclusion in bank holding companies’ tier 1 capital, subject to phase-out in the case of bank holding companies, such as m&t, that had $15 billion or more in total consolidated assets as of december 31, 2009. as a result, beginning in 2015, 25% of m&t’s trust preferred securities will be includable in tier 1 capital, and in 2016 and thereafter, none of m&t’s trust preferred securities will be includable in tier 1 capital. trust preferred securities no longer included in m&t’s tier 1 capital may nonetheless be included as a component of tier 2 capital on a permanent basis without phase-out and irrespective of whether such securities otherwise meet the revised definition of tier 2 capital set forth in the new capital rules. in the first quarter of 2014, m&t redeemed $350 million of 8.50% junior subordinated debentures associated with the trust preferred capital securities of m&t capital trust iv and issued a like amount of 6.45% preferred stock that qualifies as tier 1 regulatory capital. a detailed discussion of the new capital rules is included in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading “capital requirements.”
management believes that the company is in compliance with the revised capital adequacy requirements. more specifically, management estimates that the company’s ratio of common equity tier 1 (“cet1”) to risk-weighted assets under the new capital rules (and as defined therein) on a fully phased-in basis was approximately 9.62% as of december 31, 2014, reflecting an estimate of the computation of cet1 and the company’s risk-weighted assets under the methodologies set forth in the new capital rules.
the company’s regulatory capital ratios under risk-based capital rules in effect through december 31, 2014 are presented in note 23 of notes to financial statements.
on december 10, 2013, the federal reserve, the office of the comptroller of the currency, the federal deposit insurance corporation and the securities and exchange commission adopted the final version of the volcker rule, which was mandated under the dodd-frank act. the volcker rule is intended to reduce risks posed to banking entities from proprietary trading activities and investments in or relationships with covered funds. banking entities are generally prohibited from engaging in proprietary trading. under the volcker rule, the company was required to be in compliance with the prohibition on proprietary trading and the requirement to develop an extensive compliance program by july 2015; however, in december 2014, the federal reserve extended the compliance period to july 2016 for investments in and relationships with covered funds that were in place prior to december 31, 2013. the federal reserve has indicated that it intends to further extend the compliance period to july 2017.
the company does not believe that it engages in any significant amount of proprietary trading as defined in the volcker rule and that any impact would be minimal. in addition, a review of the company’s investments was undertaken to determine if any meet the volcker rule’s definition of “covered funds.” based on that review, the company believes that any impact related to investments considered to be covered funds would not have a material effect on the company’s financial condition or its results of operations. nevertheless, the company may be required to divest certain investments subject to the volker rule.
on september 3, 2014, the federal reserve and other banking regulators adopted final rules (“final lcr rule”) implementing a u.s. version of the basel committee’s liquidity coverage ratio requirement (“lcr”) including the modified version applicable to bank holding companies, such as m&t, with $50 billion in total consolidated assets that are not “advanced approaches” institutions. the lcr is intended to ensure that banks hold a sufficient amount of so-called “high quality liquid assets” (“hqla”) to cover the anticipated net cash outflows during a hypothetical acute 30-day stress scenario. the lcr is the ratio of an institution’s amount of hqla (the numerator) over projected net cash out-flows over the 30-day horizon (the denominator), in each case, as calculated pursuant to the final lcr rule. once fully phased-in, a subject institution must maintain an lcr equal to at least 100% in order to satisfy this regulatory requirement. only specific classes of assets, including u.s. treasury securities, other u.s. government obligations and agency mortgaged-backed securities, qualify under the rule as hqla, with classes of assets deemed relatively less liquid and/or subject to greater degree of credit risk subject to certain haircuts and caps for purposes of calculating the numerator under the final lcr rule.
the initial compliance date for the modified lcr is january 2016, with the requirement fully phased-in by january 2017. the company intends to comply with the lcr when it becomes effective. a detailed discussion of the lcr and its requirements is included in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading “liquidity ratios under basel iii.”
critical accounting estimates the company’s significant accounting policies conform with gaap and are described in note 1 of notes to financial statements. in applying those accounting policies, management of the company is required to exercise judgment in determining many of the methodologies, assumptions and estimates to be utilized. certain of the critical accounting estimates are more dependent on such judgment and in some cases may contribute to volatility in the company’s reported financial performance should the assumptions and estimates used change over time due to changes in circumstances. some of the more significant areas in which management of the company applies critical assumptions and estimates include the following:
—                                                         accounting for credit losses — the allowance for credit losses represents the amount that in management’s judgment appropriately reflects credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio as of the balance sheet date. a provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the level of the allowance as deemed necessary by management. in estimating losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio, assumptions and judgment are applied to measure amounts and timing of expected future cash flows, collateral values and other factors used to determine the borrowers’ abilities to repay obligations. historical loss trends are also considered, as are economic conditions, industry trends, portfolio trends and borrower-specific financial data. in accounting for loans acquired at a discount, which are initially recorded at fair value with no carry-over of an acquired entity’s previously established allowance for credit losses, the cash flows expected at acquisition in excess of estimated fair value are recognized as interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. subsequent decreases in the expected principal cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for additions to the company’s allowance for credit losses. subsequent improvements in expected cash flows result first in the recovery of any applicable allowance for credit losses and then in the recognition of additional interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. changes in the circumstances considered when determining management’s estimates and assumptions could result in changes in those estimates and assumptions, which may result in adjustment of the allowance or, in the case of acquired loans, increases in interest income in future periods. a detailed discussion of facts and circumstances considered by management in determining the allowance for credit losses is included herein under the heading “provision for credit losses” and in note 5 of notes to financial statements.
—                                                         valuation methodologies — management of the company applies various valuation methodologies to assets and liabilities which often involve a significant degree of judgment, particularly when liquid markets do not exist for the particular items being valued. quoted market prices are referred to when estimating fair values for certain assets, such as trading assets, most investment securities, and residential real estate loans held for sale and related commitments. however, for those items for which an observable liquid market does not exist, management utilizes significant estimates and assumptions to value such items.
examples of these items include loans, deposits, borrowings, goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, and other assets and liabilities obtained or assumed in business combinations; capitalized servicing assets; pension and other postretirement benefit obligations; estimated residual values of property associated with leases; and certain derivative and other financial instruments. these valuations require the use of various assumptions, including, among others, discount rates, rates of return on assets, repayment rates, cash flows, default rates, costs of servicing and liquidation values. the use of different assumptions could produce significantly different results, which could have material positive or negative effects on the company’s results of operations. in addition to valuation, the company must assess whether there are any declines in value below the carrying value of assets that should be considered other than temporary or otherwise require an adjustment in carrying value and recognition of a loss in the consolidated statement of income. examples include investment securities, other investments, mortgage servicing rights, goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, among others.
specific assumptions and estimates utilized by management are discussed in detail herein in management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and in notes 1, 3, 4, 7, 8, 12, 18, 19 and 20 of notes to financial statements.
—                                                   commitments, contingencies and off-balance sheet arrangements — information regarding the company’s commitments and contingencies, including guarantees and contingent liabilities arising from litigation, and their potential effects on the company’s results of operations is included in note 21 of notes to financial statements. in addition, the company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities. such examinations may result in challenges to the tax
return treatment applied by the company to specific transactions. management believes that the assumptions and judgment used to record tax-related assets or liabilities have been appropriate.
should tax laws change or the tax authorities determine that management’s assumptions were inappropriate, the result and adjustments required could have a material effect on the company’s results of operations. information regarding the company’s income taxes is presented in note 13 of notes to financial statements. the recognition or de-recognition in the company’s consolidated financial statements of assets and liabilities held by so-called variable interest entities is subject to the interpretation and application of complex accounting pronouncements or interpretations that require management to estimate and assess the relative significance of the company’s financial interests in those entities and the degree to which the company can influence the most important activities of the entities. information relating to the company’s involvement in such entities and the accounting treatment afforded each such involvement is included in note 19 of notes to financial statements.
overview the company recorded net income during 2014 of $1.07 billion or $7.42 of diluted earnings per common share, down 6% and 10%, respectively, from $1.14 billion or $8.20 of diluted earnings per common share in 2013. basic earnings per common share decreased 10% to $7.47 in 2014 from $8.26 in 2013. net income in 2012 totaled $1.03 billion, while diluted and basic earnings per common share were $7.54 and $7.57, respectively. the after-tax impact of merger-related expenses associated with acquisition transactions was $8 million ($12 million pre-tax) or $.06 of basic and diluted earnings per common share in 2013, compared with $6 million ($10 million pre-tax) or $.05 of basic and diluted earnings per common share in 2012. the 2013 merger-related expenses were associated with the pending acquisition of hudson city and the 2012 expenses related to the may 16, 2011 acquisition of wilmington trust corporation (“wilmington trust”). there were no merger-related expenses in 2014. expressed as a rate of return on average assets, net income in 2014 was 1.16%, compared with 1.36% in 2013 and 1.29% in 2012. the return on average common shareholders’ equity was 9.08% in 2014, 10.93% in 2013 and 10.96% in 2012.
the company’s financial performance in 2014 as compared with 2013 reflected a significantly lower provision for credit losses and higher mortgage banking revenues, offset by lower net gains from investment securities and loan securitization transactions and higher operating expenses largely resulting from increased costs for professional services and salaries. during 2013, the company sold the majority of its privately issued mortgage-backed securities that had been held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio for an after-tax loss of $28 million ($46 million pre-tax), or $.22 per diluted common share. in addition, the company’s holdings of visa and mastercard shares were sold for an after-tax gain of $62 million ($103 million pre-tax), or $.48 per diluted common share. also reflected in 2013’s results were after-tax gains from loan securitization transactions of $38 million ($63 million pre-tax), or $.29 per diluted common share. the company securitized during the second and third quarters of 2013 approximately $1.3 billion of one-to-four family residential real estate loans previously held in the company’s loan portfolio into guaranteed mortgage-backed securities with ginnie mae and recognized gains of $42 million. the company retained the substantial majority of those securities in its investment securities portfolio. in addition, the company securitized and sold in september 2013 approximately $1.4 billion of automobile loans held in its loan portfolio, resulting in a gain of $21 million. as compared with 2012, the positive impact of the 2013 securities transactions and gains on securitization activities were partially offset by higher operating expenses largely attributable to increased costs for professional services and salaries.
taxable-equivalent net interest income totaled $2.70 billion in each of 2014 and 2013. average earning assets grew $7.7 billion, or 10%, in 2014 due to higher balances of investment securities and interest-bearing deposits at banks. offsetting the impact of higher earning assets was a 34 basis point (hundredths of one percent) narrowing of the net interest margin, or taxable-equivalent net interest income divided by average earning assets, from 3.65% in 2013 to 3.31% in 2014. taxable-equivalent net interest income rose $73 million or 3% in 2013 as compared with 2012, resulting from a $2.4 billion, or 4%, increase in average loans and leases. the net interest margin in 2013 was 8 basis points lower than in 2012.
the provision for credit losses in 2014 declined 33% to $124 million from $185 million in 2013. the company experienced significant improvement in credit quality during 2014. net charge-offs of $121 million in 2014 were down from $183 million in the prior year. net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases were .19% and .28% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the provision for credit losses in 2013 was $19 million or 9% lower than $204 million in 2012. net charge-offs in 2012 were $186 million, or .30% of average loans and leases.
other income aggregated $1.78 billion in 2014, compared with $1.87 billion in 2013 and $1.67 billion in 2012. included in other income in 2013 were net gains on investment securities of $47 million, compared with net losses on investment securities of $48 million in 2012. there were no gains or losses on investment securities in 2014. excluding gains and losses on investment securities and the previously noted $63 million of gains from loan securitization transactions in 2013, other income in 2014 was up $24 million from $1.76 billion in 2013. higher mortgage banking revenues and trust income in 2014 were partially offset by a decline in service charges on deposit accounts. after excluding investment securities gains and losses and the loan securitization transactions, other income in 2013 was $40 million or 2% above $1.72 billion in 2012. in that comparison, higher trust, brokerage services and credit card interchange income in 2013 were partially offset by lower mortgage banking revenues. reflected in gains and losses on investment securities were other-than-temporary impairment charges of $10 million and $48 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively, on certain privately issued collateralized mortgage obligations (“cmos”).
other expense increased 4% to $2.74 billion in 2014 from $2.64 billion in 2013. during 2012, other expense totaled $2.51 billion. included in those amounts are expenses considered by m&t to be “nonoperating” in nature, consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $34 million, $47 million and $61 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and merger-related expenses of $12 million and $10 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses aggregated $2.71 billion in 2014, compared with $2.58 billion in 2013 and $2.44 billion in 2012. the increase in such expenses in 2014 as compared with 2013 was largely attributable to higher costs for professional services and salaries associated with bsa/aml activities, compliance, capital planning and stress testing, and risk management activities. the rise in noninterest operating expenses from 2012 to 2013 was largely attributable to higher costs for professional services and salaries, partially offset by lower fdic assessments. in addition, the company reached a legal settlement of a previously disclosed lawsuit related to issues that were alleged to occur at wilmington trust prior to its acquisition by m&t that led to a $40 million loss accrual as of december 31, 2013. that accrual was partially offset by the reversal of an accrual for a contingent compensation obligation assumed in the may 2011 acquisition of wilmington trust that expired, resulting in a $26 million reduction of “other costs of operations” in 2013.
the efficiency ratio measures the relationship of operating expenses to revenues. the company’s efficiency ratio, or noninterest operating expenses (as previously defined) divided by the sum of taxable-equivalent net interest income and noninterest income (exclusive of gains and losses from bank investment securities), was 60.5% in 2014, compared with 57.0% and 56.2% in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the calculations of the efficiency ratio are presented in table 2.
(61.0   )              (33   )             (19.0   )               (9   )   less: provision for credit losses                           124.0              185.0              204.0                  270.0              368.0                   (27   )
(46.7   )                —                  94.5                    —       gain (loss) on bank investment securities(c)                    —               46.7              (47.8   )               73.2              (83.5   )                 —
49.8                            4                  40.6                    3       salaries and employee benefits                            1,405.0            1,355.2            1,314.6                1,204.0              999.7                     7
(130.0   )               (7   )             163.6                   10       income before income taxes                                1,612.5            1,742.5            1,578.9                1,250.5            1,116.8                    24
(a)   changes were calculated from unrounded amounts.
(b)                                          interest income data are on a taxable-equivalent basis. the taxable-equivalent adjustment represents additional income taxes that would be due if all interest income were subject to income taxes. this adjustment, which is related to interest received on qualified municipal securities, industrial revenue financings and preferred equity securities, is based on a composite income tax rate of approximately 39%.
supplemental reporting of non-gaap results of operations as a result of business combinations and other acquisitions, the company had intangible assets consisting of goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets totaling $3.6 billion at each of december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. included in such intangible assets was goodwill of $3.5 billion at each of those dates. amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets, after tax effect, totaled $21 million, $29 million and $37 million during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
m&t consistently provides supplemental reporting of its results on a “net operating” or “tangible” basis, from which m&t excludes the after-tax effect of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets (and the related goodwill, core deposit intangible and other intangible asset balances, net of applicable deferred tax amounts) and gains and expenses associated with merging acquired operations into the company, since such items are considered by management to be “nonoperating” in nature. those merger-related expenses generally consist of professional services and other temporary help fees associated with the actual or planned conversion of systems and/or integration of operations; costs related to branch and office consolidations; costs related to termination of existing contractual arrangements to purchase various services; initial marketing and promotion expenses designed to introduce m&t bank to its new customers; severance for former employees; incentive compensation costs; travel costs; and printing, supplies and other costs of completing the transactions and commencing operations in new markets and offices. although “net operating income” as defined by m&t is not a gaap measure, m&t’s management believes that this information helps investors understand the effect of acquisition activity in reported results.
net operating income was $1.09 billion in 2014, compared with $1.17 billion in 2013. diluted net operating earnings per common share in 2014 were $7.57, compared with $8.48 in 2013. net operating income and diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.07 billion and $7.88, respectively, in 2012.
income statement data in thousands, except per share net income net income                                                                   $1,066,246                  $1,138,480                  $1,029,498
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets(a)                      20,657                      28,644                      37,011
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets(a)                         .15                         .22                         .29
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets                        (33,824   )                 (46,912   )                 (60,631   )
merger-related expenses salaries and employee benefits                                                       $—                        $836                      $4,997
other costs of operations                                                             —                       9,013                       4,867
efficiency ratio noninterest operating expense (numerator)                                    $2,709,033                  $2,576,609                  $2,438,750
less: gain on bank investment securities                                              —                      56,457                           9
efficiency ratio                                                                  60.48   %                   57.05   %                   56.19   %
balance sheet data in millions average assets average assets                                                                  $92,143                     $83,662                     $79,983
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (50   )                     (90   )                    (144   )
average tangible assets                                                         $88,583                     $80,074                     $76,356
average common equity average total equity                                                            $12,097                     $10,722                      $9,703
average common equity                                                            10,905                       9,844                       8,834
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (50   )                     (90   )                    (144   )
average tangible common equity                                                   $7,345                      $6,256                      $5,207
at end of year total assets total assets                                                                    $96,686                     $85,162                     $83,009
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (35   )                     (69   )                    (116   )
total tangible assets                                                           $93,137                     $81,589                     $79,402
total common equity total equity                                                                    $12,336                     $11,306                     $10,203
common equity, net of undeclared cumulative preferred dividends                  11,102                      10,421                       9,327
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (35   )                     (69   )                    (116   )
total tangible common equity                                                     $7,553                      $6,848                      $5,720
net operating income expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets was 1.23% in 2014, compared with 1.47% in 2013 and 1.40% in 2012. net operating income represented a return on average tangible common equity of 13.76% in 2014, compared with 17.79% and 19.42% in 2013 and 2012, respectively.
reconciliations of gaap amounts with corresponding non-gaap amounts are presented in table 2.
net interest income/lending and funding activities taxable-equivalent net interest income aggregated $2.70 billion in each of 2014 and 2013. growth in average earning assets in 2014 was offset by a narrowing of the net interest margin. average earning assets rose 10% to $81.7 billion in 2014 from $74.0 billion in 2013, the result of higher average balances of investment securities and interest-bearing deposits at the federal reserve bank of new york. the net interest margin narrowed to 3.31% in 2014 from 3.65% in 2013. contributing to that decline was a 19 basis point reduction in the average yield on loans and leases and the lower yielding cash balances on deposit with the federal reserve bank of new york.
average loans and leases declined $388 million or 1% to $64.7 billion in 2014 from $65.1 billion in 2013. commercial loans and leases averaged $18.9 billion in 2014, $1.1 billion or 6% higher than in the prior year. that growth reflected increased demand by customers. average balances of commercial real estate loans increased 1% or $379 million to $26.5 billion in 2014 from $26.1 billion in 2013. average residential real estate balances declined to $8.7 billion in 2014 from $10.1 billion in the preceding year. included in that portfolio were loans originated for sale, which averaged $403 million in 2014 and $909 million in 2013. excluding loans held for sale, average residential real estate loans decreased $911 million from 2013 to 2014, resulting largely from the full-year impact of the securitizations during mid-2013 of $1.3 billion of loans held in the loan portfolio. average consumer loans totaled $10.6 billion in 2014, down $480 million or 4% from $11.1 billion in 2013 due to the full-year impact of the $1.4 billion automobile loan securitization transaction completed during the third quarter of 2013.
net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis increased $73 million or 3% in 2013 from $2.62 billion in 2012. that improvement resulted from a 5% rise in average earning assets, to $74.0 billion in 2013 from $70.3 billion in 2012. the increase in average earning assets was the result of higher average loans and leases and interest-bearing deposits held at the federal reserve bank of new york. the net interest margin declined 8 basis points in 2013 from 3.73% in 2012. that narrowing was largely due to an 11 basis point reduction in the average yield on loans and leases and the lower yielding cash balances on deposit at the federal reserve bank of new york.
average balances of loans and leases increased $2.4 billion or 4% in 2013 from $62.7 billion in 2012. commercial loans and leases averaged $17.7 billion in 2013, up $1.4 billion or 9% from $16.3 billion in 2012. average commercial real estate loans increased $1.2 billion or 5% to $26.1 billion in 2013 from $24.9 billion in the preceding year. the growth in commercial loans and commercial real estate loans reflected higher loan demand by customers. residential real estate loan balances rose $409 million or 4% to $10.1 billion in 2013 from $9.7 billion in 2012, resulting from the impact of the company retaining for portfolio during the first eight months of 2012 a majority of originated residential real estate loans, partially offset by the mid-2013 securitizations noted earlier. consumer loans averaged $11.1 billion in 2013, down $635 million or 5% from $11.7 billion in 2012 due, in part, to the impact of the third quarter 2013 automobile loan securitization transaction.
assets earning assets loans and leases, net of unearned discount(a)
commercial, financial, etc.                                      $18,867                   $624,487              3.31   %            17,736                   628,154              3.54   %            16,336                   606,495              3.71   %            14,655                   564,787              3.85   %            13,092                   521,747              3.99   %
real estate — consumer                                             8,719                    368,632              4.23                10,136                   418,095              4.12                 9,727                   421,516              4.33                 6,778                   334,421              4.93                 5,746                   303,262              5.28
consumer                                                          10,618                    480,877              4.53                11,098                   510,962              4.60                11,732                   559,253              4.77                11,865                   592,386              4.99                11,745                   613,479              5.22
interest-bearing deposits at banks                                 5,342                     13,361               .25                 2,139                     5,201               .24                   528                     1,221               .23                 1,195                     2,934               .25                   102                        88               .09
federal funds sold and agreements to resell securities                89                         64               .07                   128                       114               .09                     4          21                             .55                   180                       189               .11                   221                       446               .20
investment securities(b)
obligations of states and political subdivisions                     166                      8,115              4.89                   194                     9,999              5.15                   220                    11,638              5.29                   244                    13,704              5.61                   266                    15,107              5.67
total investment securities                                       11,509                    348,778              3.03                 6,615                   219,897              3.32                 6,969                   239,453              3.44                 7,064                   270,063              3.82                 8,018                   339,960              4.24
total earning assets                                              81,681                  2,980,519              3.65                74,013                 2,982,305              4.03                70,299                 2,968,076              4.22                64,732                 2,817,963              4.35                59,732                 2,753,818              4.61
allowance for credit losses                                         (923   )                                                           (932   )                                                          (922   )                                                          (916   )                                                          (906   )
other assets                                                      10,108                                                              9,201                                                             9,222                                                             8,954                                                             8,455
total assets                                                     $92,143                                                             83,662                                                            79,983                                                            73,977                                                            68,380
liabilities and shareholders’ equity interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits now accounts                                                      $1,034                      1,404               .14                   923                     1,287               .14                   856                     1,343               .16                   753                     1,145               .15                   601                       850               .14
savings deposits                                                  40,474                     45,465               .11                36,739                    54,948               .15                33,398                    68,011               .20                30,403                    84,314               .28                26,190                    85,226               .33
time deposits                                                      3,290                     15,515               .47                 4,045                    26,439               .65                 5,347                    46,102               .86                 6,480                    71,014              1.10                 6,583                   100,241              1.52
deposits at cayman islands office                                    327                        699               .21                   496                     1,018               .21                   605                     1,130               .19                   779                       962               .12                   953                     1,368               .14
total interest-bearing deposits                                   45,125                     63,083               .14                42,203                    83,692               .20                40,206                   116,586               .29                38,415                   157,435               .41                34,327                   187,685               .55
total interest-bearing liabilities                                52,832                    280,431               .53                47,534                   284,105               .60                46,572                   343,169               .74                46,201                   402,331               .87                45,350                   462,269              1.02
noninterest-bearing deposits                                      25,715                                                             23,721                                                            21,761                                                            17,273                                                            13,709
other liabilities                                                  1,499                                                              1,685                                                             1,947                                                             1,499                                                             1,218
total liabilities                                                 80,046                                                             72,940                                                            70,280                                                            64,973                                                            60,277
shareholders’ equity                                              12,097                                                             10,722                                                             9,703                                                             9,004                                                             8,103
total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                       $92,143                                                             83,662                                                            79,983                                                            73,977                                                            68,380
contribution of interest-free funds                                                                               .19                                                               .22                                                               .25                                                               .25                                                               .25
net interest income/margin on earning assets                                             $2,700,088              3.31   %                                   2,698,200              3.65   %                                   2,624,907              3.73   %                                   2,415,632              3.73   %                                   2,291,549              3.84   %
(b)   includes available-for-sale investment securities at amortized cost.
table 4 summarizes average loans and leases outstanding in 2014 and percentage changes in the major components of the portfolio over the past two years.
commercial, financial, etc.               $18,867                 6   %                       9   %
real estate — consumer                      8,719               (14   )                       4
consumer automobile                                  1,675               (23   )                     (16   )
home equity lines                           5,747                 —                          (3   )
home equity loans                             314               (24   )                     (27   )
total consumer                             10,618                (4   )                      (5   )
commercial loans and leases, excluding loans secured by real estate, aggregated $19.5 billion at december 31, 2014, representing 29% of total loans and leases. table 5 presents information on commercial loans and leases as of december 31, 2014 relating to geographic area, size, borrower industry and whether the loans are secured by collateral or unsecured. of the $19.5 billion of commercial loans and leases outstanding at the end of 2014, approximately $17.0 billion, or 87%, were secured, while 44%, 25% and 18% were granted to businesses in new york state, pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area (which includes maryland, delaware, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia), respectively. the company provides financing for leases to commercial customers, primarily for equipment. commercial leases included in total commercial loans and leases at december 31, 2014 aggregated $1.2 billion, of which 50% were secured by collateral located in new york state, 17% were secured by collateral in pennsylvania and another 12% were secured by collateral in the mid-atlantic area.
manufacturing                                           1,475                      855                      283                454                3,067                           16
financial and insurance                                   754                      228                      357                 40                1,379                            7
transportation, communications, utilities                 427                      404                      167                255                1,253                            6
agriculture, forestry, fishing, mining, etc.               26                      127                       32                  2                  187                            1
loans secured by real estate, including outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit which the company classifies as consumer loans, represented approximately 64% of the loan and lease portfolio during 2014, compared with 65% in 2013 and 66% in 2012. at december 31, 2014, the company held approximately $27.6 billion of commercial real estate loans, $8.7 billion of consumer real estate loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties (including $435 million of loans originated for sale) and $6.0 billion of outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit, compared with $26.1 billion, $8.9 billion and $6.1 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2013. included in total loans and leases were amounts due from builders and developers of residential real estate aggregating $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, substantially all of which were classified as commercial real estate loans.
commercial real estate loans originated by the company include fixed-rate instruments with monthly payments and a balloon payment of the remaining unpaid principal at maturity, in many cases five years after origination. for borrowers in good standing, the terms of such loans may be extended by the customer for an additional five years at the then-current market rate of interest. the company also originates fixed-rate commercial real estate loans with maturities of greater than five years, generally having original maturity terms of approximately seven to ten years, and adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans. adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans represented approximately 65% of the commercial real estate loan portfolio at the 2014 year-end. table 6 presents commercial real estate loans by geographic area, type of collateral and size of the loans outstanding at december 31, 2014. new york city metropolitan area commercial real estate loans totaled $9.2 billion at december 31, 2014. the $7.1 billion of investor-owned commercial real estate loans in the new york city metropolitan area were largely secured by multifamily residential properties, retail space, and office space. the company’s experience has been that office, retail and service-related properties tend to demonstrate more volatile fluctuations in value through economic cycles and changing economic conditions than do multifamily residential properties. approximately 44% of the aggregate dollar amount of new york city-area loans were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less, while loans of more than $50 million made up approximately 11% of the total.
metropolitan                 other             pennsylvania                  mid-                other                 total             percent of new york              new york                                       atlantic                                                             total city                 state
health facilities                                             48                    41                       21                    19                   10                   139                      1
construction/development commercial construction                                                 608                   529                      290                   695                  228                 2,350                      9   %
land/land development                                        512                    24                       45                   122                   64                   767                      3
land/land development                                         11                    21                       67                   277                  138                   514                      2
total construction/development                             1,700                   576                      466                 1,220                  620                 4,582                     17   %
manufacturing                                                156                   200                      162                    90                   32                   640                      2
commercial real estate loans secured by properties located in other parts of new york state, pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area tend to have a greater diversity of collateral types and include a significant amount of lending to customers who use the mortgaged property in their trade or business (owner-occupied). approximately 77% of the aggregate dollar amount of commercial real estate loans in new york state secured by properties located outside of the metropolitan new york city area were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less. of the outstanding balances of commercial real estate loans in pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area, approximately 69% and 58%, respectively, were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less.
commercial real estate loans secured by properties located outside of pennsylvania, the mid-atlantic area, new york state and areas of states neighboring new york considered to be part of the new york city metropolitan area, comprised 12% of total commercial real estate loans as of december 31, 2014.
commercial real estate construction and development loans made to investors presented in table 6 totaled $4.6 billion at december 31, 2014, or 7% of total loans and leases. approximately 95% of those construction loans had adjustable interest rates. included in such loans at the 2014 year-end were $1.5 billion of loans to developers of residential real estate properties. information about the credit performance of the company’s loans to builders and developers of residential real estate properties is included herein under the heading “provision for credit losses.” the remainder of the commercial real estate construction loan portfolio was comprised of loans made for various purposes, including the construction of office buildings, multifamily residential housing, retail space and other commercial development.
m&t realty capital corporation, a commercial real estate lending subsidiary of m&t bank, participates in the delegated underwriting and servicing (“dus”) program of fannie mae, pursuant to which commercial real estate loans are originated in accordance with terms and conditions specified by fannie mae and sold. under this program, loans are sold with partial credit recourse to m&t realty capital corporation. the amount of recourse is generally limited to one-third of any credit loss incurred by the purchaser on an individual loan, although in some cases the recourse amount is less than one-third of the outstanding principal balance. the company’s maximum credit risk for recourse associated with sold commercial real estate loans was approximately $2.4 billion and $2.3 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. there have been no material losses incurred as a result of those recourse arrangements. commercial real estate loans held for sale at december 31, 2014 and 2013 aggregated $308 million and $68 million, respectively. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, commercial real estate loans serviced for other investors by the company were $11.3 billion and $11.4 billion, respectively. those serviced loans are not included in the company’s consolidated balance sheet.
real estate loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties were $8.7 billion at december 31, 2014, including approximately 41% secured by properties located in new york state, 13% secured by properties located in pennsylvania and 25% secured by properties located in the mid-atlantic area. at december 31, 2014, $435 million of residential real estate loans had been originated for sale, compared with $401 million at december 31, 2013. the company’s portfolio of alternative (“alt-a”) residential real estate loans held for investment at december 31, 2014 declined to $351 million from $396 million at december 31, 2013. alt-a loans represent loans that at origination typically included some form of limited borrower documentation requirements as compared with more traditional residential real estate loans. loans in the company’s alt-a portfolio were originated by the company prior to 2008. loans to individuals to finance the construction of one-to-four family residential properties totaled $35 million at december 31, 2014 and $34 million at december 31, 2013, or approximately .1% of total loans and leases at each of those dates. information about the credit performance of the company’s alt-a loans and other residential real estate loans is included herein under the heading “provision for credit losses.”
consumer loans comprised approximately 16% of total loans and leases at each of december 31, 2014 and 2013. outstanding balances of home equity lines of credit represent the largest component of the consumer loan portfolio. such balances represented approximately 9% of total loans and leases at each of december 31, 2014 and 2013. no other consumer loan product represented at least 4% of loans outstanding at december 31, 2014. approximately 41% of home equity lines of credit outstanding at december 31, 2014 were secured by properties in new york state, and 21% and 36% were secured by properties in pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area, respectively. outstanding automobile loan balances rose to nearly $2.0 billion at december 31, 2014 from $1.4 billion at december 31, 2013. that increase reflects higher consumer demand for motor vehicles.
table 7 presents the composition of the company’s loan and lease portfolio at the end of 2014, including outstanding balances to businesses and consumers in new york state, pennsylvania, the mid-atlantic area and other states. approximately 45% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2014 were to new york state customers, while 18% and 23% were to pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area customers, respectively.
commercial, financial, etc.            18,272            44   %                       25   %                      19   %              12   %
consumer home equity lines                       5,747            41   %                       21   %                      36   %               2   %
home equity loans                         275            13                           28                          53                   6
total consumer                         10,983            34   %                       21   %                      30   %              15   %
(a)   includes loans secured by properties located in neighboring states generally considered to be within commuting distance of new york city.
average balances of investment securities were $11.5 billion in 2014, up from $6.6 billion and $7.0 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the significant rise in such balances in 2014 reflects the net effect of purchases of mortgage-backed securities during 2013 and 2014 and the impact of investment securities sales and securitizations in 2013 as described below. beginning in the second quarter of 2013, the company undertook certain actions to improve its regulatory capital and liquidity positions in response to evolving regulatory requirements. as a result, in the second quarter of 2013 approximately $1.0 billion of privately issued mortgage-backed securities held in the available-for-sale portfolio were sold, as were the company’s holdings of visa and mastercard common stock. in the second and third quarters of 2013, the company securitized approximately $1.3 billion of residential real estate loans guaranteed by the federal housing authority (“fha”) that were held in its loan portfolio. a substantial majority of the ginnie mae securities resulting from those securitizations were retained by the company. during the second quarter of 2013, the company also began originating fha residential real estate loans for purposes of securitizing such loans into ginnie mae mortgage-backed securities to be retained in the company’s investment securities portfolio. approximately $1.6 billion of such loans were originated and securitized during 2013. finally, the company purchased approximately $1.9 billion of ginnie mae securities and $250 million of fannie mae securities that were added to the investment securities portfolio during 2013, and another $4.6 billion of fannie mae securities and $602 million of ginnie mae securities were purchased during 2014. the company has increased its holdings of investment securities in response to changing regulatory requirements.
the investment securities portfolio is largely comprised of residential mortgage-backed securities, debt securities issued by municipalities, trust preferred securities issued by certain financial institutions, and shorter-term u.s. treasury and federal agency notes. when purchasing investment securities, the company considers its liquidity position and its overall interest-rate risk profile as well as the adequacy of expected returns relative to risks assumed, including prepayments. in managing its investment securities portfolio, the company occasionally sells investment securities as a result of changes in interest rates and spreads, actual or anticipated prepayments, credit risk associated with a particular security, or as a result of restructuring its investment securities portfolio in connection with a business combination. as noted above, in 2013 the company sold investment securities to reduce its exposure to higher risk securities in response to changing regulatory capital and liquidity standards.
the company regularly reviews its investment securities for declines in value below amortized cost that might be characterized as “other than temporary.” nevertheless, there were no other-than-temporary impairment charges recognized in 2014. pre-tax other-than-temporary impairment charges of $10 million and $48 million were recognized during 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to certain privately issued mortgage-backed securities. persistently high unemployment, loan delinquencies and foreclosures that led to a backlog of homes held for sale by financial institutions and others were significant factors contributing to the recognition of the other-than-temporary impairment charges related to those securities. as noted earlier, substantially all of the privately issued mortgage-backed securities held in the available-for-sale portfolio were sold in the second quarter of 2013. the impairment charges recognized during 2013 and 2012 related to a subset of those sold securities. based on management’s assessment of future cash flows associated with individual investment securities as of december 31, 2014, the company concluded that declines in value below amortized cost associated with the investment securities portfolio were temporary in nature. a further discussion of fair values of investment securities is included herein under the heading “capital.” additional information about the investment securities portfolio is included in notes 3 and 20 of notes to financial statements.
other earning assets include interest-bearing deposits at the federal reserve bank of new york and other banks, trading account assets, federal funds sold and agreements to resell securities. those other earning assets in the aggregate averaged $5.5 billion in 2014, $2.3 billion in 2013 and $628 million in 2012. interest-bearing deposits at banks averaged $5.3 billion in 2014, compared with $2.1 billion and $528 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the higher levels of average interest-bearing deposits at banks in 2014 and 2013 were due, in part, to higher wilmington trust-related customer deposits. the amounts of investment securities and other earning assets held by the company are influenced by such factors as demand for loans, which generally yield more than investment securities and other earning assets, ongoing repayments, the levels of deposits, and management of liquidity and balance sheet size and resulting capital ratios.
the most significant source of funding for the company is core deposits. the company considers noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits and time deposits of $250,000 or less as core deposits. the company’s branch network is its principal source of core deposits, which generally carry lower interest rates than wholesale funds of comparable maturities. average core deposits totaled $69.1 billion in 2014, up from $63.8 billion in 2013 and $59.1 billion in 2012. the growth in core deposits from 2012 to 2014 was due, in part, to higher deposits of trust customers and the lack of attractive alternative investments available to the company’s customers resulting from lower interest rates and from the economic environment in the u.s. the low interest rate environment has resulted in a shift in customer savings trends, as average time deposits have continued to decline, while average noninterest-bearing deposits and savings deposits have generally increased. funding provided by core deposits represented 85% of average earning assets in 2014, compared with 86% and 84% in 2013 and 2012, respectively. table 8 summarizes average core deposits in 2014 and percentage changes in the components of such deposits over the past two years. core deposits aggregated $72.0 billion and $65.4 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
average core deposits percentage increase
savings deposits                            39,440                10                            10
time deposits                                2,921               (15   )                       (18   )
noninterest-bearing deposits                25,715                 8                             9
the company has additional funding sources, including branch-related time deposits over $250,000, deposits associated with the company’s cayman islands office, and brokered deposits. time deposits over $250,000, excluding brokered certificates of deposit, averaged $366 million in 2014, $325 million in 2013 and $410 million in 2012. cayman islands office deposits averaged $327 million in 2014, $496 million in 2013 and $605 million in 2012. brokered time deposits averaged $4 million in 2014, compared with $279 million in 2013 and $741 million in 2012. there were no brokered time deposits outstanding at december 31, 2014. at december 31, 2013, such deposits totaled $26 million. the company also had brokered now and brokered money-market deposit accounts, which in the aggregate averaged $1.1 billion in each of 2014, 2013 and 2012. the levels of brokered now and brokered money-market deposit accounts reflect the demand for such deposits, largely resulting from the desire of brokerage firms to earn reasonable yields while ensuring that customer deposits are fully insured. the level of cayman islands office deposits are also reflective of customer demand. additional amounts of cayman islands office deposits or brokered deposits may be added in the future depending on market conditions, including demand by customers and other investors for those deposits, and the cost of funds available from alternative sources at the time.
the company also uses borrowings from banks, securities dealers, various federal home loan banks, the federal reserve bank of new york and others as sources of funding. average short-term borrowings totaled $215 million in 2014, $390 million in 2013 and $839 million in 2012. included in short-term borrowings were unsecured federal funds borrowings, which generally mature on the next business day, that averaged $156 million, $284 million and $669 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. overnight federal funds borrowings represented the largest component of average short-term borrowings and totaled $135 million at december 31, 2014 and $169 million at december 31, 2013.
long-term borrowings averaged $7.5 billion in 2014, $4.9 billion in 2013 and $5.5 billion in 2012. during the first quarter of 2013, m&t bank initiated a bank note program whereby m&t bank may offer unsecured senior and subordinated notes. average balances of notes issued under that program were $2.9 billion in 2014 and $657 million in 2013. during march 2013, $300 million of three-year floating rate senior notes and $500 million of fixed rate senior notes were issued. during 2014, m&t bank issued $550 million of three-year floating rate, $1.25 billion of three-year fixed rate and $1.4 billion of five-year fixed rate senior notes. the proceeds of the issuances have been predominantly utilized to purchase additional liquid investments that will meet the regulatory liquidity requirements. in addition, in february 2015 m&t bank issued $1.5 billion of senior notes of which $750 million mature in 2020 and $750 million mature in 2025. also included in average long-term borrowings were amounts borrowed from the federal home loan banks of new york, atlanta and pittsburgh of $692 million in 2014, $30 million in 2013 and $768 million in 2012, and subordinated capital notes of $1.6 billion in each of 2014 and 2013 and $2.0 billion in 2012. during the second quarter of 2014, m&t bank borrowed approximately $1.1 billion from the federal home loan bank (“fhlb”) of new york. those borrowings were split between three-year and five-year terms at fixed rates of interest. on november 1, 2014, m&t bank redeemed $50 million of 9.50% subordinated notes that were due to mature in 2018. on april 15, 2013, $250 million of 4.875% subordinated notes of the company matured and were redeemed. on july 2, 2012, m&t bank redeemed $400 million of subordinated capital notes that were due to mature in 2013, as such notes ceased to qualify as regulatory capital during the one-year period before their contractual maturity date. junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities that were included in average long-term borrowings were $889 million in 2014 and
$1.2 billion in each of 2013 and 2012. m&t redeemed $350 million of 8.50% junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities in the first quarter of 2014. additional information regarding junior subordinated debentures, as well as information regarding contractual maturities of long-term borrowings, is provided in note 9 of notes to financial statements. also included in long-term borrowings were agreements to repurchase securities, which averaged $1.4 billion during each of 2014, 2013 and 2012. the agreements have various repurchase dates through 2017, however, the contractual maturities of the underlying securities extend beyond such repurchase dates. the company has utilized interest rate swap agreements to modify the repricing characteristics of certain components of long-term debt. as of december 31, 2014, interest rate swap agreements were used to hedge approximately $1.4 billion of outstanding fixed rate long-term borrowings. further information on interest rate swap agreements is provided in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
changes in the composition of the company’s earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as discussed herein, as well as changes in interest rates and spreads, can impact net interest income. net interest spread, or the difference between the taxable-equivalent yield on earning assets and the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, was 3.12% in 2014, compared with 3.43% in 2013 and 3.48% in 2012. the yield on the company’s earning assets declined 38 basis points to 3.65% in 2014 from 4.03% in 2013, while the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities decreased 7 basis points to .53% in 2014 from .60% in 2013. the yield on earning assets during 2013 decreased 19 basis points from 4.22% in 2012, while the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities declined 14 basis points from .74% in 2012. the declines in yields on earning assets and rates on interest-bearing liabilities reflect the impact of actions taken by the federal reserve to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate of 0% to .25% and to control the level of interest rates in general.
net interest-free funds consist largely of noninterest-bearing demand deposits and shareholders’ equity, partially offset by bank owned life insurance and non-earning assets, including goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets. net interest-free funds averaged $28.8 billion in 2014, compared with $26.5 billion in 2013 and $23.7 billion in 2012. the significant increases in average net interest-free funds in 2014 and 2013 were largely the result of higher balances of noninterest-bearing deposits, which averaged $25.7 billion in 2014, $23.7 billion in 2013 and $21.8 billion in 2012. goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets averaged $3.6 billion in each of 2014 and 2013 and $3.7 billion in 2012. the cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance averaged $1.7 billion in 2014 and $1.6 billion in each of 2013 and 2012. increases in the cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance are not included in interest income, but rather are recorded in “other revenues from operations.” the contribution of net interest-free funds to net interest margin was .19% in 2014, .22% in 2013 and .25% in 2012.
reflecting the changes to the net interest spread and the contribution of net interest-free funds as described herein, the company’s net interest margin was 3.31% in 2014, 3.65% in 2013 and 3.73% in 2012. future changes in market interest rates or spreads, as well as changes in the composition of the company’s portfolios of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that result in reductions in spreads, could adversely impact the company’s net interest income and net interest margin. in particular, the relatively low interest rate environment continues to exert downward pressure on yields on loans, investment securities and other earning assets.
management assesses the potential impact of future changes in interest rates and spreads by projecting net interest income under several interest rate scenarios. in managing interest rate risk, the company has utilized interest rate swap agreements to modify the repricing characteristics of certain portions of its interest-bearing liabilities. periodic settlement amounts arising from these agreements are reflected in the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. the notional amount of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes was $1.4 billion at each of december 31, 2014 and 2013. under the terms of those swap agreements, the company received payments based on the outstanding notional amount of the agreements at fixed rates and made payments at variable rates. those swap agreements were designated as fair value hedges of certain fixed rate long-term borrowings. there were no interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges at those respective dates.
in a fair value hedge, the fair value of the derivative (the interest rate swap agreement) and changes in the fair value of the hedged item are recorded in the company’s consolidated balance sheet with the corresponding gain or loss recognized in current earnings. the difference between changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements and the hedged items represents hedge ineffectiveness and is recorded in “other revenues from operations” in the company’s consolidated statement of income. the amounts of hedge ineffectiveness recognized in 2014, 2013 and 2012 were not material to the company’s results of operations. the estimated aggregate fair value of interest rate swap agreements designated as fair value
hedges represented gains of approximately $73 million at december 31, 2014 and $103 million at december 31, 2013. the fair values of such swap agreements were substantially offset by changes in the fair values of the hedged items. the changes in the fair values of the interest rate swap agreements and the hedged items primarily result from the effects of changing interest rates and spreads. the company’s credit exposure as of december 31, 2014 with respect to the estimated fair value of interest rate swap agreements used for managing interest rate risk has been substantially mitigated through master netting arrangements with trading account interest rate contracts with the same counterparty as well as counterparty postings of $49 million of collateral with the company. additional information about swap agreements and the items being hedged is included in note 18 of notes to financial statements. the average notional amounts of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes, the related effect on net interest income and margin, and the weighted-average interest rates paid or received on those swap agreements are presented in table 9.
(a)   computed as a percentage of average earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities.
provision for credit losses the company maintains an allowance for credit losses that in management’s judgment appropriately reflects losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. a provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the level of the allowance as deemed necessary by management. the provision for credit losses was $124 million in 2014, compared with $185 million in 2013 and $204 million in 2012. net loan charge-offs aggregated $121 million in 2014, $183 million in 2013 and $186 million in 2012. net loan charge-offs as a percentage of average loans outstanding were .19% in 2014, compared with .28% in 2013 and .30% in 2012. a summary of the company’s loan charge-offs, provision and allowance for credit losses is presented in table 10 and in note 5 of notes to financial statements.
loan charge-offs, provision and allowance for credit losses
allowance for credit losses beginning balance                                                                   $916,676                 $925,860                 $908,290                 $902,941                 $878,022
charge-offs during year commercial, financial, leasing, etc.                                                                              58,943                  109,329                   41,148                   55,021                   91,650
consumer                                                                                                          84,390                   85,965                  103,348                  109,246                  125,593
recoveries during year commercial, financial, leasing, etc.                                                                              22,188                   11,773                   11,375                   10,224                   26,621
consumer                                                                                                          16,075                   26,035                   20,410                   18,238                   23,963
provision for credit losses                                                                                      124,000                  185,000                  204,000                  270,000                  368,000
allowance related to loans sold or securitized                                                                         —                  (11,000   )                    —                        —                        —
consolidation of loan securitization trusts                                                                            —                        —                        —                        —                    2,752
allowance for credit losses ending balance                                                                      $919,562                 $916,676                 $925,860                 $908,290                 $902,941
provision for credit losses                                                                                        97.67   %                99.02   %                91.39   %                98.02   %                93.98   %
allowance for credit losses as a percent of loans and leases, net of unearned discount, at year-end                 1.38   %                 1.43   %                 1.39   %                 1.51   %                 1.74   %
loans acquired in connection with acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 were recorded at fair value with no carry-over of any previously recorded allowance for credit losses. determining the fair value of the acquired loans required estimating cash flows expected to be collected on the loans and discounting those cash flows at then-current interest rates. the excess of expected cash flows over the carrying value of the loans is recognized as interest income over the lives of the loans. the difference between contractually required payments and the cash flows expected to be collected is referred to as the nonaccretable balance and is not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. the nonaccretable balance reflects estimated future credit losses and other contractually required payments that the company does not expect to collect. the company regularly evaluates the reasonableness of its cash flow projections. any decreases to the expected cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for an additional allowance for credit losses and could lead to charge-offs of acquired loan balances. any significant increases in expected cash flows result in additional interest income to be recognized over the then-remaining lives of the loans. the carrying amount of loans obtained in acquisitions subsequent to 2008 was $2.6 billion and $4.0 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the portion of the nonaccretable balance related to remaining principal losses as well as life-to-date principal losses charged against the nonaccretable balance since acquisition date as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 are presented in table 11. the company regularly reviews its cash flow
projections for acquired loans, including its estimates of lifetime principal losses. during each of the last three years, based largely on improving economic conditions, the company’s estimates of cash flows expected to be generated by acquired loans improved, resulting in increases in the accretable yield. in 2014, estimated cash flows expected to be generated by acquired loans increased by $98 million, or approximately 2%. that improvement reflected a lowering of estimated principal losses by approximately $47 million, primarily due to a $41 million decrease in expected principal losses in the acquired commercial real estate portfolios, as well as interest and other recoveries. similarly, in 2013 the estimates of cash flows expected to be generated by acquired loans increased by approximately 3%, or $179 million. that improvement also reflected a lowering of estimated principal losses, largely driven by a $160 million decrease in expected principal losses in the acquired commercial real estate portfolios. in 2012, estimated cash flows expected to be generated by acquired loans increased by $178 million, or approximately 2%. that improvement was also largely driven by a reduction of estimated principal losses, including a $132 million decrease in expected principal losses in the acquired commercial real estate portfolios.
consumer                                        29,582                       33,989                     77,819                         74,039
nonaccrual loans totaled $799 million or 1.20% of outstanding loans and leases at december 31, 2014, compared with $874 million or 1.36% at december 31, 2013 and $1.01 billion or 1.52% at december 31, 2012. the decline in nonaccrual loans at the 2014 year-end as compared with december 31, 2013 was largely due to lower commercial real estate and residential real estate loans on nonaccrual status. as compared with the end of 2012, the decline in nonaccrual loans at december 31, 2013 was largely due to lower commercial loans and commercial real estate loans classified as nonaccrual. since december 31, 2012, additions to nonaccrual loans were more than offset by the impact on such loans from payments received and charge-offs. improving economic conditions in the u.s. continue to have a favorable impact on borrower repayment performance.
accruing loans past due 90 days or more (excluding acquired loans) totaled $245 million or ..37% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2014, compared with $369 million or .58% at december 31, 2013 and $358 million or .54% at december 31, 2012. those loans included loans guaranteed by government-related entities of $218 million, $298 million and $316 million at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. such guaranteed loans included one-to-four family residential mortgage loans serviced by the company that were repurchased to reduce servicing costs, including a requirement to advance principal and interest payments that had not been received from individual mortgagors. despite the loans being purchased by the company, the insurance or guarantee by the applicable government-related entity remains in force. the outstanding principal balances of the repurchased loans that are guaranteed by government-related entities totaled $196 million at december 31, 2014, $255 million at december 31, 2013 and $294 million at december 31, 2012. the remaining accruing loans past due 90 days or more not guaranteed by government-related entities were loans considered to be with creditworthy borrowers that were in the process of collection or renewal. a summary of nonperforming assets and certain past due, renegotiated and impaired loan data and credit quality ratios is presented in table 12.
nonperforming asset and past due, renegotiated and impaired loan data december 31                                                                                      2014                     2013                     2012                      2011                      2010
real estate and other foreclosed assets                                                                      63,635                   66,875                   104,279                   156,592                   220,049
total nonperforming assets                                                                                 $862,786                 $941,031                $1,117,455                $1,254,173                $1,359,789
outstanding customer balance                                                                               $369,080                 $579,975                  $828,571                $1,267,762                  $219,477
nonperforming assets to total net loans and leases and real estate and other foreclosed assets                 1.29   %                 1.47   %                  1.68   %                  2.08   %                  2.60   %
(b)   acquired loans that were recorded at fair value at acquisition date. this category does not include purchased impaired loans that are presented separately.
(c)   accruing loans that were impaired at acquisition date and recorded at fair value.
purchased impaired loans are loans obtained in acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 that as of the acquisition date were specifically identified as displaying signs of credit deterioration and for which the company did not expect to collect all outstanding principal and contractually required interest payments. those loans were impaired at the date of acquisition, were recorded at estimated fair value and were generally delinquent in payments, but, in accordance with gaap, the company continues to accrue interest income on such loans based on the estimated expected cash flows associated with the loans. the carrying amount of such loans was $198 million at december 31, 2014, or .3% of total loans. purchased impaired loans totaled $331 million at december 31, 2013. the decline in such loans during 2014 was predominantly the result of payments received from customers.
acquired accruing loans past due 90 days or more are loans that could not be specifically identified as impaired as of the acquisition date, but were recorded at estimated fair value as of such date. such loans totaled $110 million at december 31, 2014 and $130 million at december 31, 2013.
in an effort to assist borrowers, the company modified the terms of select loans. if the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty and a concession was granted, the company considered such modifications as troubled debt restructurings. loan modifications included such actions as the extension of loan maturity
dates and the lowering of interest rates and monthly payments. the objective of the modifications was to increase loan repayments by customers and thereby reduce net charge-offs. in accordance with gaap, the modified loans are included in impaired loans for purposes of determining the level of the allowance for credit losses. information about modifications of loans that are considered troubled debt restructurings is included in note 4 of notes to financial statements.
residential real estate loans modified under specified loss mitigation programs prescribed by government guarantors have not been included in renegotiated loans because the loan guarantee remains in full force and, accordingly, the company has not granted a concession with respect to the ultimate collection of the original loan balance. such loans totaled $149 million and $206 million at december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, respectively.
charge-offs of commercial loans and leases, net of recoveries, were $37 million in 2014, $98 million in 2013 and $30 million in 2012. reflected in net charge-offs of commercial loans and leases in 2013 were $49 million of charge-offs for a relationship with a motor vehicle-related parts wholesaler. commercial loans and leases in nonaccrual status aggregated $177 million at december 31, 2014, $111 million at december 31, 2013 and $152 million at december 31, 2012. the increase in such loans from the 2013 year-end to december 31, 2014 was not concentrated in any particular industry group and no individual borrower relationship exceeded $14 million of the increase in nonaccrual commercial loans and leases.
net charge-offs of commercial real estate loans during 2014, 2013 and 2012 totaled $3 million, $12 million and $36 million, respectively. reflected in such charge-offs in 2014 and 2013 were net recoveries of $2 million and $12 million, respectively, of loans to residential real estate builders and developers, compared with net charge-offs of $23 million in 2012. commercial real estate loans classified as nonaccrual aggregated $239 million at december 31, 2014, compared with $305 million at december 31, 2013 and $412 million at december 31, 2012. the decline in such nonaccrual loans as compared with december 31, 2013 was due, in part, to improving economic conditions and reflected lower loans in nonaccrual status to residential builders and developers. the decrease in nonaccrual commercial real estate loans from december 31, 2012 to the 2013 year-end was predominantly due to lower nonaccrual loans to residential builders and developers. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, commercial real estate loans to residential builders and developers classified as nonaccrual aggregated $72 million and $96 million, respectively, compared with $182 million at december 31, 2012. information about the location of nonaccrual and charged-off loans to residential real estate builders and developers as of and for the year ended december 31, 2014 is presented in table 13.
net charge-offs of residential real estate loans totaled $13 million in each of 2014 and 2013 and $38 million in 2012. the lower net charge-offs of such loans in 2014 and 2013 as compared with 2012 reflect lower alt-a loan charge-offs and generally improved economic conditions and residential real estate valuations. residential real estate loans in nonaccrual status at december 31, 2014 totaled $258 million, compared with $334 million and $345 million at december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the decrease in
residential real estate loans classified as nonaccrual from december 31, 2013 to the 2014 year-end was predominantly related to the payoff during the second quarter of 2014 of $64 million of loans to one customer that were secured by residential real estate. net charge-offs of alt-a first mortgage loans were $4 million in 2014, $8 million in 2013 and $20 million in 2012. nonaccrual alt-a first mortgage loans aggregated $78 million at december 31, 2014, compared with $81 million and $96 million at december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. residential real estate loans past due 90 days or more and accruing interest (excluding acquired loans) totaled $216 million, $295 million and $313 million at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. a substantial portion of such amounts related to guaranteed loans repurchased from government-related entities. information about the location of nonaccrual and charged-off residential real estate loans as of and for the year ended december 31, 2014 is presented in table 14.
consumer loan net charge-offs during 2014 were $68 million, compared with $60 million in 2013 and $83 million in 2012. included in net charge-offs of consumer loans were: automobile loans of $14 million in 2014, $11 million in 2013 and $14 million in 2012; recreational vehicle loans of $13 million, $15 million and $18 million during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively; and home equity loans and lines of credit secured by one-to-four family residential properties of $19 million in 2014, $12 million in 2013 and $31 million in 2012. reflected in net charge-offs of home equity loans and lines of credit in 2013 were $9 million of recoveries of previously charged-off loans related to a portfolio of loans acquired in 2007. nonaccrual consumer loans totaled $125 million at each of december 31, 2014 and 2013, compared with $104 million at december 31, 2012. included in nonaccrual consumer loans at the 2014, 2013 and 2012 year-ends were: automobile loans of $18 million, $21 million and $25 million, respectively; recreational vehicle loans of $11 million, $12 million and $10 million, respectively; and outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit, including junior lien alt-a loans, of $89 million, $79 million and $58 million, respectively. information about the location of nonaccrual and charged-off home equity loans and lines of credit as of and for the year ended december 31, 2014 is presented in table 14.
selected residential real estate-related loan data year ended december 31, 2014
first lien home equity loans new york                                   $18,280                  $2,212                   12.10   %               $131             .61             %
first lien home equity lines new york                                $1,372,566                 $15,129                    1.10   %             $1,646             .12             %
junior lien home equity loans new york                                   $14,878                  $4,440                   29.85   %               $512             2.92            %
junior lien home equity lines new york                                  $956,282                 $31,185                    3.26   %             $6,527             .68             %
information about past due and nonaccrual loans as of december 31, 2014 is also included in note 4 of notes to financial statements.
real estate and other foreclosed assets totaled $64 million at december 31, 2014, compared with $67 million at december 31, 2013 and $104 million at december 31, 2012. the decline in real estate and other foreclosed assets during 2013 reflects sales of such assets. gains or losses resulting from sales of real estate and other foreclosed assets were not material in 2014, 2013 or 2012. at december 31, 2014, the company’s holding of residential real estate-related properties comprised approximately 79% of foreclosed assets.
management determined the allowance for credit losses by performing ongoing evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio, including such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the economic environment in which borrowers operate, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or indemnifications. management evaluated the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet repayment obligations when quantifying the company’s exposure to credit losses and the allowance for such losses as of each reporting date. factors also considered by management when performing its assessment, in addition to general economic conditions and the other factors described above, included, but were not limited to: (i) the impact of residential real estate values on the company’s portfolio of loans to residential real estate builders and developers and other loans secured by residential real estate; (ii) the concentrations of commercial real estate loans in the company’s loan portfolio; (iii) the amount of commercial and industrial loans to businesses in areas of new york state outside of the new york city metropolitan area and in central pennsylvania that have historically experienced less economic growth and vitality than the vast majority of other regions of the country; (iv) the repayment performance associated with the company’s first and second lien loans secured by residential real estate; and (v) the size of the company’s portfolio of loans to individual consumers, which historically have experienced higher net charge-offs as a percentage of loans outstanding than other loan types. the level of the allowance is adjusted based on the results of management’s analysis.
management cautiously and conservatively evaluated the allowance for credit losses as of december 31, 2014 in light of: (i) residential real estate values and the level of delinquencies of loans secured by residential real estate; (ii) economic conditions in the markets served by the company; (iii) continuing weakness in industrial employment in upstate new york and central pennsylvania; (iv) the significant subjectivity involved in commercial real estate valuations; and (v) the amount of loan growth experienced by the company. while there has been general improvement in economic conditions, concerns continue to exist about the strength and sustainability of such improvements; the troubled state of financial and credit markets, including the impact international economic conditions could have on the u.s. economy; federal reserve positioning of monetary policy; low levels of workforce participation; and continued stagnant population growth in the upstate new york and central pennsylvania regions (approximately 60% of the company’s loans are to customers in new york state and pennsylvania).
the company utilizes a loan grading system which is applied to all commercial and commercial real estate loans. loan grades are utilized to differentiate risk within the portfolio and consider the expectations of default for each loan. commercial loans and commercial real estate loans with a lower expectation of default are assigned one of ten possible “pass” loan grades and are generally ascribed lower loss factors when determining the allowance for credit losses. loans with an elevated level of credit risk are classified as “criticized” and are ascribed a higher loss factor when determining the allowance for credit losses. criticized loans may be classified as “nonaccrual” if the company no longer expects to collect all amounts according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or the loan is delinquent 90 days or more. criticized commercial loans and commercial real estate loans were $1.8 billion at each of december 31, 2014 and 2013. loan officers with the support of loan review personnel in different geographic locations are responsible to continuously review and reassign loan grades to pass and criticized loans based on their detailed knowledge of individual borrowers and their judgment of the impact on such borrowers resulting from changing conditions in their respective geographic regions. on a quarterly basis, the company’s centralized loan review department reviews all criticized commercial and commercial real estate loans greater than $1 million to determine the appropriateness of the assigned loan grade, including whether the loan should be reported as accruing or nonaccruing. for criticized nonaccrual loans, additional meetings are held with loan officers and their managers, workout specialists and senior management to discuss each of the relationships. in analyzing criticized loans, borrower-specific information is reviewed, including operating results, future cash flows, recent developments and the borrower’s outlook, and other pertinent data. the timing and extent of potential losses, considering collateral valuation and other factors, and the company’s potential
courses of action are reviewed. to the extent that these loans are collateral-dependent, they are evaluated based on the fair value of the loan’s collateral as estimated at or near the financial statement date. as the quality of a loan deteriorates to the point of classifying the loan as “criticized,” the process of obtaining updated collateral valuation information is usually initiated, unless it is not considered warranted given factors such as the relative size of the loan, the characteristics of the collateral or the age of the last valuation. in those cases where current appraisals may not yet be available, prior appraisals are utilized with adjustments, as deemed necessary, for estimates of subsequent declines in value as determined by line of business and/or loan workout personnel in the respective geographic regions. those adjustments are reviewed and assessed for reasonableness by the company’s loan review department. accordingly, for real estate collateral securing larger commercial and commercial real estate loans, estimated collateral values are based on current appraisals and estimates of value. for non-real estate loans, collateral is assigned a discounted estimated liquidation value and, depending on the nature of the collateral, is verified through field exams or other procedures. in assessing collateral, real estate and non-real estate values are reduced by an estimate of selling costs. with regard to residential real estate loans, the company’s loss identification and estimation techniques make reference to loan performance and house price data in specific areas of the country where collateral that was securing the company’s residential real estate loans was located. for residential real estate-related loans, including home equity loans and lines of credit, the excess of the loan balance over the net realizable value of the property collateralizing the loan is charged-off when the loan becomes 150 days delinquent. that charge-off is based on recent indications of value from external parties that are generally obtained shortly after a loan becomes nonaccrual. at december 31, 2014, approximately 55% of the company’s home equity portfolio consisted of first lien loans and lines of credit. of the remaining junior lien loans in the portfolio, approximately 73% (or approximately 32% of the aggregate home equity portfolio) consisted of junior lien loans that were behind a first lien mortgage loan that was not owned or serviced by the company. to the extent known by the company, if a senior lien loan would be on nonaccrual status because of payment delinquency, even if such senior lien loan was not owned by the company, the junior lien loan or line that is owned by the company is placed on nonaccrual status. at december 31, 2014, the balance of junior lien loans and lines that were in nonaccrual status solely as a result of first lien loan performance was $24 million, compared with $30 million at december 31, 2013. in monitoring the credit quality of its home equity portfolio for purposes of determining the allowance for credit losses, the company reviews delinquency and nonaccrual information and considers recent charge-off experience. additionally, the company generally evaluates home equity loans and lines of credit that are more than 150 days past due for collectibility on a loan-by-loan basis and the excess of the loan balance over the net realizable value of the property collateralizing the loan is charged-off at that time. in determining the amount of such charge-offs, if the company does not know the amount of the remaining first lien mortgage loan (typically because the company does not own or service the first lien loan), the company assumes that the first lien mortgage loan has had no principal amortization since the origination of the junior lien loan. similarly, data used in estimating incurred losses for purposes of determining the allowance for credit losses also assumes no reductions in outstanding principal of first lien loans since the origination of the junior lien loan. home equity line of credit terms vary but such lines are generally originated with an open draw period of ten years followed by an amortization period of up to twenty years. at december 31, 2014, approximately 92% of all outstanding balances of home equity lines of credit related to lines that were still in the draw period, the weighted-average remaining draw periods were approximately five years, and approximately 17% were making contractually allowed payments that do not include any repayment of principal.
factors that influence the company’s credit loss experience include overall economic conditions affecting businesses and consumers, generally, but also residential and commercial real estate valuations, in particular, given the size of the company’s real estate loan portfolios. commercial real estate valuations can be highly subjective, as they are based upon many assumptions. such valuations can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions, interest rates, and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. similarly, residential real estate valuations can be impacted by housing trends, the availability of financing at reasonable interest rates, and general economic conditions affecting consumers.
in determining the allowance for credit losses, the company estimates losses attributable to specific troubled credits identified through both normal and detailed or intensified credit review processes and also estimates losses inherent in other loans and leases. in quantifying incurred losses, the company considers the factors and uses the techniques described herein and in note 5 of notes to financial statements. for purposes of determining the level of the allowance for credit losses, the company segments its loan and lease
portfolio by loan type. the amount of specific loss components in the company’s loan and lease portfolios is determined through a loan-by-loan analysis of commercial loans and commercial real estate loans in nonaccrual status. measurement of the specific loss components is typically based on expected future cash flows, collateral values or other factors that may impact the borrower’s ability to pay. losses associated with residential real estate loans and consumer loans are generally determined by reference to recent charge-off history and are evaluated (and adjusted if deemed appropriate) through consideration of other factors including near-term forecasted loss estimates developed by the company’s credit department. these forecasts give consideration to overall borrower repayment performance and current geographic region changes in collateral values using third party published historical price indices or automated valuation methodologies. with regard to collateral values, the realizability of such values by the company contemplates repayment of any first lien position prior to recovering amounts on a junior lien position. approximately 45% of the company’s home equity portfolio consists of junior lien loans and lines of credit. except for consumer loans and residential real estate loans that are considered smaller balance homogeneous loans and are evaluated collectively and loans obtained in acquisition transactions, the company considers a loan to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the company will be unable to collect all amounts according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or the loan is delinquent 90 days or more and has been placed in nonaccrual status. those impaired loans are evaluated for specific loss components. modified loans, including smaller balance homogenous loans, that are considered to be troubled debt restructurings are evaluated for impairment giving consideration to the impact of the modified loan terms on the present value of the loan’s expected cash flows. loans less than 90 days delinquent are deemed to have a minimal delay in payment and are generally not considered to be impaired. loans acquired in connection with acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 were recorded at fair value with no carry-over of any previously recorded allowance for credit losses. determining the fair value of the acquired loans required estimating cash flows expected to be collected on the loans and discounting those cash flows at then-current interest rates. the impact of estimated future credit losses represents the predominant difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition. subsequent decreases to those expected cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for an additional allowance for credit losses and could lead to charge-offs of acquired loan balances.
the inherent base level loss components of the company’s allowance for credit losses are generally determined by applying loss factors to specific loan balances based on loan type and management’s classification of such loans under the company’s loan grading system. the company utilizes a loan grading system which is applied to all commercial loans and commercial real estate loans. as previously described, loan officers are responsible for continually assigning grades to these loans based on standards outlined in the company’s credit policy. internal loan grades are also extensively monitored by the company’s loan review department to ensure consistency and strict adherence to the prescribed standards. loan balances utilized in the inherent base level loss component computations exclude loans and leases for which specific allocations are maintained. loan grades are assigned loss component factors that reflect the company’s loss estimate for each group of loans and leases. factors considered in assigning loan grades and loss component factors include borrower-specific information related to expected future cash flows and operating results, collateral values, financial condition, payment status, and other information; levels of and trends in portfolio charge-offs and recoveries; levels of and trends in portfolio delinquencies and impaired loans; changes in the risk profile of specific portfolios; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of changes in credit concentrations; and observed trends and practices in the banking industry. in determining the allowance for credit losses, management also gives consideration to such factors as customer, industry and geographic concentrations, as well as national and local economic conditions, including: (i) the comparatively poorer economic conditions and unfavorable business climate in many market regions served by the company, including upstate new york and central pennsylvania, that result in such regions generally experiencing significantly poorer economic growth and vitality as compared with much of the rest of the country; (ii) portfolio concentrations regarding loan type, collateral type and geographic location, in particular the large concentrations of commercial real estate loans secured by properties in the new york city metropolitan area and other areas of new york state; and (iii) risk associated with the company’s portfolio of consumer loans, in particular automobile loans and leases, which generally have higher rates of loss than other types of collateralized loans.
the inherent base level loss components related to residential real estate loans and consumer loans are generally determined by applying loss factors to portfolio balances after consideration of payment performance and recent loss experience and trends, which are mainly driven by current collateral values in
the market place as well as the amount of loan defaults. loss rates for loans secured by residential real estate, including home equity loans and lines of credit, are determined by reference to recent charge-off history and are evaluated (and adjusted if deemed appropriate) through consideration of other factors as previously described.
in evaluating collateral, the company relies on internally and externally prepared valuations. residential real estate valuations are usually based on sales of comparable properties in the respective location. commercial real estate valuations also refer to sales of comparable properties but oftentimes are based on calculations that utilize many assumptions and, as a result, can be highly subjective. specifically, commercial real estate values can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions and interest rates, and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. additionally, management is aware that there is oftentimes a delay in the recognition of credit quality changes in loans and, as a result, in changes to assigned loan grades due to time delays in the manifestation and reporting of underlying events that impact credit quality. accordingly, loss estimates derived from the inherent base level loss component computation are adjusted for current national and local economic conditions and trends. the federal reserve stated in january 2015 that economic activity is expanding at a “solid pace” with strong job gains and a lower unemployment rate. economic indicators in the most significant market regions served by the company continued to improve in 2014. for example, during 2014, private sector employment in most market areas served by the company rose by 1.1%, but trailed the 2.2% u.s. average. private sector employment in 2014 increased 0.6% in upstate new york, 0.7% in areas of pennsylvania served by the company, 0.8% in maryland, 0.6% in greater washington d.c. and 2.7% in the state of delaware. in new york city, private sector employment increased by 2.6% in 2014, however, unemployment rates there remain elevated and are expected to continue at above historical levels during 2015. the federal reserve continues to monitor inflation developments closely, and has hinted at wariness regarding slow global growth, a strong u.s. dollar and international market turbulence.
the specific loss components and the inherent base level loss components together comprise the total base level or “allocated” allowance for credit losses. such allocated portion of the allowance represents management’s assessment of losses existing in specific larger balance loans that are reviewed in detail by management and pools of other loans that are not individually analyzed. in addition, the company has always provided an inherent unallocated portion of the allowance that is intended to recognize probable losses that are not otherwise identifiable. the inherent unallocated allowance includes management’s subjective determination of amounts necessary for such things as the possible use of imprecise estimates in determining the allocated portion of the allowance and other risks associated with the company’s loan portfolio which may not be specifically allocable.
a comparative allocation of the allowance for credit losses for each of the past five year-ends is presented in table 15. amounts were allocated to specific loan categories based on information available to management at the time of each year-end assessment and using the methodology described herein. variations in the allocation of the allowance by loan category as a percentage of those loans reflect changes in management’s estimate of specific loss components and inherent base level loss components, including the impact of delinquencies and nonaccrual loans. as described in note 5 of notes to financial statements, loans considered impaired were $762 million and $889 million at december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, respectively. the allocated portion of the allowance for credit losses related to impaired loans totaled $83 million at december 31, 2014 and $93 million at december 31, 2013. the unallocated portion of the allowance for credit losses was equal to .11% and .12% of gross loans outstanding at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. considering the inherent imprecision in the many estimates used in the determination of the allocated portion of the allowance, management deliberately remained cautious and conservative in establishing the overall allowance for credit losses. given the company’s high concentration of real estate loans and considering the other factors already discussed herein, management considers the allocated and unallocated portions of the allowance for credit losses to be prudent and reasonable. furthermore, the company’s allowance is general in nature and is available to absorb losses from any loan or lease category. additional information about the allowance for credit losses is included in note 5 of notes to financial statements.
allocation of the allowance for credit losses to loan categories december 31                            2014                     2013                     2012                     2011                     2010
commercial, financial, leasing, etc.             $288,038                 $273,383                 $246,759                 $234,022                 $212,579
consumer                                          186,033                  164,644                  179,418                  143,121                  133,067
as a percentage of gross loans and leases outstanding commercial, financial, leasing, etc.                 1.47   %                 1.45   %                 1.37   %                 1.47   %                 1.56   %
consumer                                             1.70                     1.60                     1.55                     1.19                     1.16
management believes that the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2014 appropriately reflected credit losses inherent in the portfolio as of that date. the allowance for credit losses was $920 million or 1.38% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2014, compared with $917 million or 1.43% at december 31, 2013 and $926 million or 1.39% at december 31, 2012. the ratio of the allowance to total loans and leases at each respective year-end reflects the impact of loans obtained in acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 that have been recorded at estimated fair value based on estimated future cash flows expected to be received on those loans. those cash flows reflect the impact of expected defaults on customer repayment performance. as noted earlier, gaap prohibits any carry-over of an allowance for credit losses for acquired loans recorded at fair value. the decline in the ratio of the allowance to total loans and leases from december 31, 2013 to the 2014 year-end reflects the impact of improvement in the levels of criticized and nonaccrual loans, net charge-offs and overall repayment performance by customers. during 2013, the allowance for credit losses was reduced by $11 million as a result of the $1.4 billion automobile loan securitization previously noted. the increase in the ratio of the allowance to total loans and leases from the 2012 year-end to december 31, 2013 was largely due to the automobile loan securitization and the securitization of $1.3 billion of fha guaranteed residential real estate loans. the level of the allowance reflects management’s evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio using the methodology and considering the factors as described herein. should the various credit factors considered by management in establishing the allowance for credit losses change and should management’s assessment of losses inherent in the loan portfolios also change, the level of the allowance as a percentage of loans could increase or decrease in future periods. the ratio of the allowance to nonaccrual loans at the end of 2014, 2013 and 2012 was 115%, 105% and 91%, respectively. given the company’s position as a secured lender and its practice of charging-off loan balances when collection is deemed doubtful, that ratio and changes in that ratio are generally not an indicative measure of the adequacy of the company’s allowance for credit losses, nor does management rely upon that ratio in assessing the adequacy of the allowance. the level of the allowance reflects management’s evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio as of each respective date.
in establishing the allowance for credit losses, management follows the methodology described herein, including taking a conservative view of borrowers’ abilities to repay loans. the establishment of the allowance is extremely subjective and requires management to make many judgments about borrower, industry, regional and national economic health and performance. in order to present examples of the possible impact on the allowance from certain changes in credit quality factors, the company assumed the following scenarios for possible deterioration of credit quality:
—   for consumer loans and leases considered smaller balance homogenous loans and evaluated collectively, a 50 basis point increase in loss factors;
—   for residential real estate loans and home equity loans and lines of credit, also considered smaller balance homogenous loans and evaluated collectively, a 25% increase in estimated inherent losses; and
—   for commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, a migration of loans to lower-ranked risk grades resulting in a 25% increase in the balance of classified credits in each risk grade.
for possible improvement in credit quality factors, the scenarios assumed were:
—   for consumer loans and leases, a 20 basis point decrease in loss factors;
—   for residential real estate loans and home equity loans and lines of credit, a 10% decrease in estimated inherent losses; and
—   for commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, a migration of loans to higher-ranked risk grades resulting in a 5% decrease in the balance of classified credits in each risk grade.
the scenario analyses resulted in an additional $72 million that could be identifiable under the assumptions for credit deterioration, whereas under the assumptions for credit improvement a $24 million reduction could occur. these examples are only a few of numerous reasonably possible scenarios that could be utilized in assessing the sensitivity of the allowance for credit losses based on changes in assumptions and other factors.
the company had no concentrations of credit extended to any specific industry that exceeded 10% of total loans at december 31, 2014. outstanding loans to foreign borrowers were $213 million at december 31, 2014, or .3% of total loans and leases.
other income other income totaled $1.78 billion and $1.87 billion in 2014 and 2013, respectively. reflected in such income in 2013 were net gains on investment securities (including other-than-temporary impairment losses) of $47 million. there were no gains or losses on investment securities in 2014. also reflected in noninterest income in 2013 were gains from securitization activities of $63 million. excluding the specific items mentioned above, noninterest income in 2014 was up $24 million from $1.76 billion in 2013. higher residential mortgage banking revenues and trust income in 2014 were partially offset by lower service charges on deposit accounts and trading account and foreign exchange gains.
other income in 2013 was 12% higher than the $1.67 billion earned in 2012. as noted above, reflected in other income in 2013 were net gains on bank investment securities of $47 million, compared with net losses of $48 million in 2012. excluding the impact of securities gains and losses from both years and the $63 million of gains from securitization activities in 2013, other income in 2013 was up $40 million from $1.72 billion in 2012. higher levels of trust, brokerage services and credit card interchange income in 2013 were partially offset by lower mortgage banking revenues.
mortgage banking revenues totaled $363 million in 2014, $331 million in 2013 and $349 million in 2012. mortgage banking revenues are comprised of both residential and commercial mortgage banking activities. the company’s involvement in commercial mortgage banking activities includes the origination, sales and servicing of loans under the multifamily loan programs of fannie mae, freddie mac and the u.s. department of housing and urban development.
residential mortgage banking revenues, consisting of realized gains from sales of residential real estate loans and loan servicing rights, unrealized gains and losses on residential real estate loans held for sale and related commitments, residential real estate loan servicing fees, and other residential real estate loan-related fees and income, were $287 million in 2014, $251 million in 2013 and $264 million in 2012. the increase in residential mortgage banking revenues from 2013 to 2014 reflected a significant increase in revenues from servicing residential real estate loans for others, partially offset by lower gains from origination activities due to decreased volumes of loans originated for sale. the decline in revenue from 2012 to 2013 was due to narrower margins on loans originated for sale.
new commitments to originate residential real estate loans to be sold totaled approximately $3.2 billion in 2014, compared with $5.6 billion in 2013 and $5.1 billion in 2012. included in those commitments to originate residential real estate loans to be sold were commitments of approximately $337 million in 2014, $1.1 billion in 2013 and $1.8 billion in 2012 related to the u.s. government’s home affordable refinance program (“harp 2.0”), which began in december 2011 and allows homeowners to refinance their fannie mae or freddie mac mortgages when the value of their home has fallen such that they have little or no equity. the harp 2.0 program was set to expire december 31, 2013, but was extended and will now be available to borrowers through december 31, 2015. nevertheless, volumes associated with that program have declined since mid-2013. realized gains from sales of residential real estate loans and loan servicing rights (net of the impact of costs associated with obligations to repurchase real estate loans originated for sale) and recognized net unrealized gains or losses attributable to residential real estate loans held for sale, commitments to originate loans for sale and commitments to sell loans totaled to a gain of $75 million in 2014, compared with gains of $123 million in 2013 and $157 million in 2012.
the company is contractually obligated to repurchase previously sold loans that do not ultimately meet investor sale criteria related to underwriting procedures or loan documentation. when required to do so, the company may reimburse loan purchasers for losses incurred or may repurchase certain loans. the company reduces residential mortgage banking revenues for losses related to its obligations to loan purchasers. the amount of those charges varies based on the volume of loans sold, the level of reimbursement requests received from loan purchasers and estimates of losses that may be associated with previously sold loans. residential mortgage banking revenues during 2014, 2013 and 2012 were reduced by approximately $4 million, $17 million and $28 million, respectively, related to the actual or anticipated settlement of repurchase obligations.
loans held for sale that are secured by residential real estate totaled $435 million and $401 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. commitments to sell residential real estate loans and commitments to originate residential real estate loans for sale at pre-determined rates were $717 million and $432 million, respectively, at december 31, 2014, $725 million and $470 million, respectively, at december 31, 2013 and $2.3 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2012. net recognized unrealized gains on residential real estate loans held for sale, commitments to sell loans and commitments to originate loans for sale were $19 million and $20 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and $83 million at december 31, 2012. changes in such net unrealized gains and losses are recorded in mortgage banking revenues and resulted in net decreases in revenue of $1 million and $63 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, and a net increase in revenue of $77 million in 2012.
revenues from servicing residential real estate loans for others rose to $212 million in 2014, up from $128 million in 2013 and $107 million in 2012. residential real estate loans serviced for others totaled $67.2 billion at december 31, 2014, $72.4 billion a year earlier and $35.9 billion at december 31, 2012 and included certain small-balance commercial real estate loans. reflected in residential real estate loans serviced for others were loans sub-serviced for others of $42.1 billion, $46.6 billion and $12.5 billion at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. revenues earned for sub-servicing loans were $116 million in 2014, $35 million in 2013 and $12 million in 2012. the contractual servicing rights associated with loans sub-serviced by the company were predominantly held by affiliates of bayview lending group llc (“blg”). during the third quarter of 2013, the company added approximately $38 billion of residential real estate loans to its portfolio of loans sub-serviced for affiliates of blg. capitalized residential mortgage servicing assets, net of any applicable valuation allowance for possible impairment, totaled $111 million at december 31, 2014, compared with $129 million and $108 million at december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. included in capitalized residential mortgage servicing assets noted above were purchased servicing rights associated with the small-balance commercial real estate loans. additional information about the company’s capitalized residential mortgage servicing assets, including information about the calculation of estimated fair value, is presented in note 7 of notes to financial statements.
commercial mortgage banking revenues were $76 million in 2014, $80 million in 2013 and $85 million in 2012. included in such amounts were revenues from loan origination and sales activities of $41 million in 2014, $48 million in 2013 and $59 million in 2012. commercial real estate loans originated for sale to other investors totaled approximately $1.5 billion in 2014, compared with $1.9 billion in 2013 and $2.5 billion in 2012. loan servicing revenues totaled $35 million in 2014, $32 million in 2013 and $26 million in 2012. capitalized commercial mortgage servicing assets aggregated $73 million at december 31, 2014, $72 million at december 31, 2013 and $60 million at december 31, 2012. commercial real estate loans serviced for other investors totaled $11.3 billion at december 31, 2014, $11.4 billion at december 31, 2013 and $10.6 billion at december 31, 2012, and included $2.4 billion, $2.3 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively, of loan balances for which investors had recourse to the company if such balances are ultimately uncollectible. commitments to sell commercial real estate loans and commitments to originate commercial real estate loans for sale were $520 million and $212 million, respectively, at december 31, 2014, $130 million and $62 million, respectively, at december 31, 2013 and $340 million and $140 million, respectively, at december 31, 2012. commercial real estate loans held for sale totaled $308 million, $68 million and $200 million at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
service charges on deposit accounts were $428 million in 2014, compared with $447 million in each of 2013 and 2012. the decline from 2013 to 2014 resulted from lower consumer service charges, largely overdraft fees and atm interchange fees.
trust income includes fees related to two significant businesses. the institutional client services (“ics”) business provides a variety of trustee, agency, investment management and administrative services for corporations and institutions, investment bankers, corporate tax, finance and legal executives, and other
institutional clients who: (i) use capital markets financing structures; (ii) use independent trustees to hold retirement plan and other assets; and (iii) need investment and cash management services. the wealth advisory services (“was”) business helps high net worth clients grow their wealth, protect it, and transfer it to their heirs. a comprehensive array of wealth management services are offered, including asset management, fiduciary services and family office services. trust income increased to $508 million in 2014 from $496 million in 2013 and $472 million in 2012. revenues attributable to the ics business were approximately $244 million in 2014 and $234 million in 2013. revenues attributable to was were approximately $224 million and $214 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. prior to 2013, certain other trust operations of the company were not combined with the respective ics and was activities. revenues associated with the ics and was businesses in 2012 were $193 million and $153 million, respectively. total trust assets, which include assets under management and assets under administration, aggregated $287.9 billion at december 31, 2014, compared with $266.1 billion at december 31, 2013. trust assets under management were $68.2 billion and $65.1 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the company’s proprietary mutual funds had assets of $13.3 billion and $12.7 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the company has agreed to sell in 2015 the trade processing business of a subsidiary of wilmington trust, n.a. revenues related to that business reflected in trust income (in the ics business) during 2014, 2013 and 2012 were approximately $40 million, $45 million and $52 million, respectively. after considering related expenses, including the portion of those revenues paid to sub-advisors, net income attributable to the business being sold during those years was not material to the consolidated results of operations of the company. the company expects to realize a gain from the sale.
brokerage services income, which includes revenues from the sale of mutual funds and annuities and securities brokerage fees, totaled $67 million in 2014, $66 million in 2013 and $59 million in 2012. the increase over the past two years reflects higher sales of annuity products. trading account and foreign exchange activity resulted in gains of $30 million in 2014, $41 million in 2013 and $36 million in 2012. the variation in such gains from 2012 through 2014 largely reflects changes in the interest rate swap transactions executed on behalf of commercial customers. the decline in those gains in 2014 was also due to decreased market values of trading account assets held in connection with deferred compensation arrangements. the company enters into interest rate and foreign exchange contracts with customers who need such services and concomitantly enters into offsetting trading positions with third parties to minimize the risks involved with these types of transactions. information about the notional amount of interest rate, foreign exchange and other contracts entered into by the company for trading account purposes is included in note 18 of notes to financial statements and herein under the heading “liquidity, market risk, and interest rate sensitivity.”
including other-than-temporary impairment losses, the company recognized net gains on investment securities of $47 million during 2013, compared with net losses of $48 million in 2012. there were no gains or losses on investment securities in 2014. during 2013, the company sold its holdings of visa class b shares for a gain of approximately $90 million and its holdings of mastercard class b shares for a gain of $13 million. the shares of visa and mastercard were sold as a result of favorable market conditions and to enhance the company’s capital and liquidity. in addition, the company sold substantially all of its privately issued mortgage-backed securities held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio. in total, $1.0 billion of such securities were sold for a net loss of approximately $46 million. the mortgage-backed securities were sold to reduce the company’s exposure to such relatively higher risk securities in favor of lower risk ginnie mae securities in response to changing regulatory capital and liquidity standards. realized gains and losses from sales of investment securities were not significant in 2012. other-than-temporary impairment losses of $10 million and $48 million were recorded in 2013 and 2012, respectively. those losses related to a subset of the privately issued mortgage-backed securities that were sold in 2013. there were no other-than-temporary impairment losses in 2014. each reporting period the company reviews its investment securities for other-than-temporary impairment. for equity securities, the company considers various factors to determine if the decline in value is other than temporary, including the duration and extent of the decline in value, the factors contributing to the decline in fair value, including the financial condition of the issuer as well as the conditions of the industry in which it operates, and the prospects for a recovery in fair value of the equity security. for debt securities, the company analyzes the creditworthiness of the issuer or reviews the credit performance of the underlying collateral supporting the bond. for debt securities backed by pools of loans, such as privately issued mortgage-backed securities, the company estimates the cash flows of the underlying loan collateral using forward-looking assumptions for default rates, loss severities and prepayment speeds. estimated collateral cash flows are then utilized to estimate
bond-specific cash flows to determine the ultimate collectibility of the bond. if the present value of the cash flows indicates that the company should not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of a bond or if the company intends to sell the bond or it more likely than not will be required to sell the bond before recovery of its amortized cost basis, an other-than-temporary impairment loss is recognized. if an other-than-temporary impairment loss is deemed to have occurred, the investment security’s cost basis is adjusted, as appropriate for the circumstances. additional information about other-than-temporary impairment losses is included herein under the heading “capital.”
m&t’s share of the operating losses of blg was $17 million in 2014, compared with $16 million and $22 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the operating losses of blg in the respective years reflect provisions for losses associated with securitized loans and other loans held by blg and loan servicing and other administrative costs. under gaap, such losses are required to be recognized by blg despite the fact that many of the securitized loan losses will ultimately be borne by the underlying third party bond holders. as these loan losses are realized through later foreclosure and still later sale of real estate collateral, the underlying bonds will be charged-down leading to blg’s future recognition of debt extinguishment gains. the timing of such debt extinguishment is difficult to predict and given ongoing loan loss provisioning, it is not possible to project when blg will return to profitability. as a result of credit and liquidity disruptions, blg ceased its originations of small-balance commercial real estate loans in 2008. however, as a result of past securitization activities, blg is entitled to cash flows from mortgage assets that it owns or that are owned by its affiliates and is also entitled to receive distributions from affiliates that provide asset management and other services. accordingly, the company believes that blg is capable of realizing positive cash flows that could be available for distribution to its owners, including m&t, despite a lack of positive gaap-earnings from its core mortgage activities. to this point, blg’s affiliates have largely reinvested their earnings to generate additional servicing and asset management activities, further contributing to the value of those affiliates. information about the company’s relationship with blg and its affiliates is included in note 24 of notes to financial statements.
other revenues from operations totaled $400 million in 2014, compared with $454 million in 2013 and $374 million in 2012. reflected in such revenues in 2013 were gains from securitization transactions of $63 million. during 2013, the company securitized approximately $1.3 billion of one-to-four family residential real estate loans held in the company’s loan portfolio in guaranteed mortgage securitizations with ginnie mae and recognized gains of $42 million. in addition, during the third quarter of 2013 the company securitized and sold approximately $1.4 billion of automobile loans held in its loan portfolio, resulting in a gain of $21 million. the company securitized those loans to improve its regulatory capital ratios and strengthen its liquidity and risk profile as a result of changing regulatory requirements. loan servicing fees associated with the mortgage loan securitizations are included in mortgage banking revenues, but servicing fees associated with the automobile loan securitization are included in other revenues from operations. reflecting a full year of activity in 2014, those latter fees increased $7 million from 2013.
included in other revenues from operations were the following significant components. letter of credit and other credit-related fees were $129 million, $132 million and $127 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. tax-exempt income earned from bank owned life insurance totaled $50 million in 2014, compared with $56 million in 2013 and $51 million in 2012. such income includes increases in cash surrender value of life insurance policies and benefits received. revenues from merchant discount and credit card fees were $96 million in 2014, $84 million in 2013 and $77 million in 2012. the continued trend of higher revenues in 2014 and 2013 was largely attributable to increased transaction volumes related to merchant activity and usage of the company’s credit card products. insurance-related sales commissions and other revenues totaled $42 million in each of 2014 and 2013, compared with $44 million in 2012. automated teller machine usage fees aggregated $15 million, $17 million and $19 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
other expense other expense totaled $2.74 billion in 2014, compared with $2.64 billion in 2013 and $2.51 billion in 2012. included in such amounts are expenses considered to be “nonoperating” in nature consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $34 million, $47 million and $61 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and merger-related expenses of $12 million in 2013 and $10 million in 2012. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses aggregated $2.71 billion in 2014, $2.58 billion in 2013 and $2.44 billion in 2012. the increase in such expenses in 2014 as compared with 2013 was largely attributable to higher costs for professional services and salaries associated with bsa/aml activities, compliance, capital planning and stress-testing, and risk management initiatives, partially offset by lower fdic assessments. the rise in noninterest operating expenses in 2013 as compared with 2012 was also largely attributable to higher costs for professional services and salaries, partially offset by lower fdic
assessments and the reversal in 2013 of a $26 million accrual for a contingent compensation obligation assumed in the may 2011 acquisition of wilmington trust that expired. in addition, the company reached a legal settlement of a lawsuit related to issues that were alleged to occur at wilmington trust prior to its acquisition by m&t that led to a $40 million litigation-related accrual as of december 31, 2013.
salaries and employee benefits expense in 2014 aggregated $1.40 billion, compared with $1.36 billion and $1.31 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in such expenses in 2014 as compared with 2013 was primarily due to costs involving the company’s initiatives related to bsa/aml activities, compliance, capital planning and stress testing, and risk management. the rise in salaries and employee benefits expense in 2013 from 2012 was predominantly due to higher salaries expenses that reflected an increase in the company’s loan servicing capacity to accommodate sub-servicing arrangements entered into during 2013 and costs related to the operational initiatives noted above. the higher expenses in 2014 and 2013 were partially offset by lower pension-related costs. stock-based compensation totaled $65 million in 2014, $55 million in 2013 and $57 million in 2012. the number of full-time equivalent employees was 15,312 at december 31, 2014, compared with 15,368 and 14,404 at december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the company provides pension and other postretirement benefits (including a retirement savings plan) for its employees. expenses related to such benefits totaled $63 million in 2014, $87 million in 2013 and $105 million in 2012. the company sponsors both defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans. pension benefit expense for those plans was $28 million in 2014, $53 million in 2013 and $69 million in 2012. included in those amounts are $22 million in 2014, $21 million in 2013 and $17 million in 2012 for a defined contribution pension plan that the company began on january 1, 2006. the decline in pension and other postretirement benefits expense in 2014 as compared with 2013 was largely reflective of a $27 million decrease in amortization of actuarial losses accumulated in the defined benefit pension plans. the decline in pension and other postretirement benefits expense in 2013 as compared with 2012 reflects the impact on the qualified defined benefit pension plan of favorable investment returns and higher balances of invested assets. the company made a $200 million contribution to that plan in the third quarter of 2012. no contributions were required or made to the qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2014 or 2013. the determination of pension expense and the recognition of net pension assets and liabilities for defined benefit pension plans requires management to make various assumptions that can significantly impact the actuarial calculations related thereto. those assumptions include the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the rate of increase in future compensation levels and the discount rate. changes in any of those assumptions will impact the company’s pension expense. the expected long-term rate of return assumption is determined by taking into consideration asset allocations, historical returns on the types of assets held and current economic factors. returns on invested assets are periodically compared with target market indices for each asset type to aid management in evaluating such returns. the discount rate used by the company to determine the present value of the company’s future benefit obligations reflects specific market yields for a hypothetical portfolio of highly rated corporate bonds that would produce cash flows similar to the company’s benefit plan obligations and the level of market interest rates in general as of the year-end. in addition, in 2014 the society of actuaries released new mortality tables that were used in the determination of the benefit obligation as of december 31, 2014. the impact of that revision was to increase the benefit obligations of the qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans by approximately $122 million and $10 million, respectively. other factors used to estimate the projected benefit obligations include actuarial assumptions for turnover rate, retirement age and disability rate. those other factors do not tend to change significantly over time. the company reviews its pension plan assumptions annually to ensure that such assumptions are reasonable and adjusts those assumptions, as necessary, to reflect changes in future expectations. the company utilizes actuaries and others to aid in that assessment.
the company’s 2014 pension expense for its defined benefit plans was determined using the following assumptions: a long-term rate of return on assets of 6.50%; a rate of future compensation increase of 4.42%; and a discount rate of 4.75%. to demonstrate the sensitivity of pension expense to changes in the company’s pension plan assumptions, 25 basis point increases in: the rate of return on plan assets would have resulted in a decrease in pension expense of $4 million; the rate of increase in compensation would have resulted in an increase in pension expense of $300,000; and the discount rate would have resulted in a decrease in pension expense of $6 million. decreases of 25 basis points in those assumptions would have resulted in similar changes in amount, but in the opposite direction from the changes presented in the preceding sentence. the accounting guidance for defined benefit pension plans reflects the long-term nature of benefit obligations and the investment horizon of plan assets, and has the effect of reducing expense
volatility related to short-term changes in interest rates and market valuations. actuarial gains and losses include the impact of plan amendments, in addition to various gains and losses resulting from changes in assumptions and investment returns which are different from that which was assumed. as of december 31, 2014, the company had cumulative unrecognized actuarial losses of approximately $512 million that could result in an increase in the company’s future pension expense depending on several factors, including whether such losses at each measurement date exceed ten percent of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets. in accordance with gaap, net unrecognized gains or losses that exceed that threshold are required to be amortized over the expected service period of active employees, and are included as a component of net pension cost. amortization of those net unrealized losses had the effect of increasing the company’s pension expense by approximately $14 million in 2014, $41 million in 2013 and $37 million in 2012. the increase in the cumulative unrecognized actuarial losses from $191 million at december 31, 2013 is predominantly attributable to a 75 basis point reduction in the discount rate and the revised mortality tables used to determine the benefit obligation as of december 31, 2014.
gaap requires an employer to recognize in its balance sheet as an asset or liability the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan, measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. for a pension plan, the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation; for any other postretirement benefit plan, such as a retiree health care plan, the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period, but are not included as components of net periodic benefit cost, are to be recognized as a component of other comprehensive income. as of december 31, 2014, the combined benefit obligations of the company’s defined benefit postretirement plans exceeded the fair value of the assets of such plans by approximately $375 million. of that amount, $203 million was related to the non-qualified pension and other postretirement benefit plans that are generally not funded until benefits are paid. in the company’s qualified defined benefit pension plan, the projected benefit obligation exceeded the fair value of assets by approximately $172 million as of december 31, 2014. at the prior year-end, the fair value of that plan’s assets exceeded the projected benefit obligation by approximately $140 million. relative to that plan, the main factors contributing to the change in the funded status were the decrease in the discount rate used to measure the projected benefit obligations to 4.00% at december 31, 2014 from 4.75% at december 31, 2013 and the use of the newly updated actuarial mortality tables issued by the society of actuaries reflecting longer life expectancy of the plan’s participants. the company was required to have a net pension and postretirement benefit liability for the pension and other postretirement benefit plans that was equal to $375 million at december 31, 2014. accordingly, as of december 31, 2014 the company recorded an additional postretirement benefit adjustment of $503 million. after applicable tax effect, that adjustment reduced accumulated other comprehensive income (and thereby shareholders’ equity) by $306 million. the result of this was a year-over-year increase of $341 million to the additional minimum postretirement benefit liability from the $162 million recorded at december 31, 2013. after applicable tax effect, the $341 million increase in the additional required liability adjustment decreased other comprehensive income in 2014 by $207 million from the prior year-end amount of $98 million. as previously noted, the decrease in the discount rate and the use of the newly updated mortality tables reflecting longer life expectancy of the plan’s participants were the predominant factors leading to the change in the minimum liability from december 31, 2013. in determining the benefit obligation for defined benefit postretirement plans the company used a discount rate of 4.00% at december 31, 2014 and 4.75% at december 31, 2013. a 25 basis point decrease in the assumed discount rate as of december 31, 2014 to 3.75% would have resulted in increases in the combined benefit obligations of all defined benefit postretirement plans (including pension and other plans) of $73 million. under that scenario, the minimum postretirement liability adjustment at december 31, 2014 would have been $576 million, rather than the $503 million that was actually recorded, and the corresponding after tax-effect charge to accumulated other comprehensive income at december 31, 2014 would have been $350 million, rather than the $306 million that was actually recorded. a 25 basis point increase in the assumed discount rate to 4.25% would have decreased the combined benefit obligations of all defined benefit postretirement plans by $69 million. under this latter scenario, the aggregate minimum liability adjustment at december 31, 2014 would have been $434 million rather than the $503 million actually recorded and the corresponding after tax-effect charge to accumulated other comprehensive income would have been $264 million rather than $306 million. information about the company’s pension plans, including significant assumptions utilized in completing actuarial calculations for the plans, is included in note 12 of notes to financial statements.
the company also provides a retirement savings plan (“rsp”) that is a defined contribution plan in which eligible employees of the company may defer up to 50% of qualified compensation via contributions to the plan. the company makes an employer matching contribution in an amount equal to 75% of an employee’s contribution, up to 4.5% of the employee’s qualified compensation. rsp expense totaled $32 million in each of 2014 and 2013, and $31 million in 2012.
expenses associated with the defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans and the rsp totaled $60 million in 2014, $85 million in 2013 and $100 million in 2012. expenses associated with providing medical and other postretirement benefits were $2 million in each of 2014 and 2013, and $5 million in 2012.
excluding the nonoperating expense items already noted, nonpersonnel operating expenses totaled $1.30 billion in 2014, compared with $1.22 billion in 2013. the higher level of such expenses was predominantly the result of increased costs for professional services, reflecting the company’s investments in bsa/aml activities, compliance, capital planning and stress testing, risk management, and other operational initiatives. those higher expenses were partially offset by lower fdic assessments. nonpersonnel operating expenses were $1.13 billion in 2012. higher expenses in 2013 were largely associated with the initiatives noted above and the previously noted $40 million increase in the litigation-related accrual, partially offset by lower fdic assessments and the reversal of the contingent compensation accrual related to wilmington trust.
income taxes the provision for income taxes was $523 million in each of 2014 and 2012 and $579 million in 2013. the effective tax rates were 32.9% in 2014 and 33.7% in each of 2013 and 2012. during the second quarter of 2014, the company resolved with tax authorities previously uncertain tax positions associated with pre-acquisition activities of m&t’s wilmington trust entities, resulting in a reduction of the provision for income taxes of $8 million. excluding that reduction of income tax expense, the effective tax rate for 2014 would have been 33.4%. the effective tax rate is affected by the level of income earned that is exempt from tax relative to the overall level of pre-tax income, the level of income allocated to the various state and local jurisdictions where the company operates, because tax rates differ among such jurisdictions, and the impact of any large but infrequently occurring items.
the company’s effective tax rate in future periods will be affected by the results of operations allocated to the various tax jurisdictions within which the company operates, any change in income tax laws or regulations within those jurisdictions, and interpretations of income tax regulations that differ from the company’s interpretations by any of various tax authorities that may examine tax returns filed by m&t or any of its subsidiaries. information about amounts accrued for uncertain tax positions and a reconciliation of income tax expense to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to pre-tax income is provided in note 13 of notes to financial statements.
international activities the company’s net investment in international assets totaled $232 million at december 31, 2014 and $226 million at december 31, 2013. such assets included $213 million and $192 million, respectively, of loans to foreign borrowers. deposits in the company’s office in the cayman islands totaled $177 million at december 31, 2014 and $323 million at december 31, 2013. the company uses such deposits to facilitate customer demand and as an alternative to short-term borrowings when the costs of such deposits seem reasonable. loans and deposits at m&t bank’s commercial branch in ontario, canada as of december 31, 2014 were $93 million and $41 million, respectively, compared with $94 million and $25 million, respectively, at december 31, 2013. the company also offers trust-related services in europe and the cayman islands. revenues from providing such services during 2014, 2013 and 2012 were approximately $31 million, $26 million and $24 million, respectively.
liquidity, market risk, and interest rate sensitivity as a financial intermediary, the company is exposed to various risks, including liquidity and market risk. liquidity refers to the company’s ability to ensure that sufficient cash flow and liquid assets are available to satisfy current and future obligations, including demands for loans and deposit withdrawals, funding operating costs, and other corporate purposes. liquidity risk arises whenever the maturities of financial instruments included in assets and liabilities differ.
the most significant source of funding for the company is core deposits, which are generated from a large base of consumer, corporate and institutional customers. that customer base has, over the past several years, become more geographically diverse as a result of acquisitions and expansion of the company’s businesses. nevertheless, the company faces competition in offering products and services from a large array of financial market participants, including banks, thrifts, mutual funds, securities dealers and others. core deposits financed 83% of the company’s earning assets at december 31, 2014, compared with 88% and 86% at december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the company supplements funding provided through core deposits with various short-term and long-term wholesale borrowings, including federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, brokered deposits, cayman islands office deposits and longer-term borrowings. at december 31, 2014, m&t bank had short-term and long-term credit facilities with the fhlbs aggregating $8.1 billion. outstanding borrowings under fhlb credit facilities totaled $1.2 billion and $29 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. such borrowings were secured by loans and investment securities. during the second quarter of 2014, m&t bank borrowed approximately $1.1 billion from the fhlb of new york. those borrowings were split between three-year and five-year terms at fixed rates of interest. m&t bank and wilmington trust, n.a. had available lines of credit with the federal reserve bank of new york that aggregated approximately $13.1 billion at december 31, 2014. the amounts of those lines are dependent upon the balances of loans and securities pledged as collateral. there were no borrowings outstanding under such lines of credit at december 31, 2014 or december 31, 2013. during the first quarter of 2013, m&t bank instituted a bank note program whereby m&t bank may issue unsecured senior and subordinated notes. notes issued under that program aggregated $4.0 billion and $800 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. in addition, in february 2015 m&t bank issued an additional $1.5 billion of fixed rate senior notes, of which $750 million mature in 2020 and $750 million mature in 2025.
from time to time, the company has issued subordinated capital notes and junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities to provide liquidity and enhance regulatory capital ratios. such notes generally qualify under the federal reserve board’s current risk-based capital guidelines for inclusion in the company’s capital. however, pursuant to the dodd-frank act, the company’s junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities will be phased-out of the definition of tier 1 capital. effective january 1, 2015, 75% of such securities are excluded from the company’s tier 1 capital, and beginning january 1, 2016, 100% will be excluded. the amounts excluded from tier 1 capital are includable in total capital. information about the company’s borrowings is included in note 9 of notes to financial statements. in february 2014, the company redeemed $350 million of 8.50% junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities and issued $350 million of preferred stock that qualifies as regulatory capital.
the company has informal and sometimes reciprocal sources of funding available through various arrangements for unsecured short-term borrowings from a wide group of banks and other financial institutions. short-term federal funds borrowings were $135 million and $169 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. in general, those borrowings were unsecured and matured on the next business day. in addition to satisfying customer demand, cayman islands office deposits may be used by the company as an alternative to short-term borrowings. cayman islands office deposits totaled $177 million and $323 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the company has brokered now and brokered money-market deposit accounts which totaled $1.1 billion and $1.0 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. brokered time deposits were not a significant source of funding as of those dates.
the company’s ability to obtain funding from these or other sources could be negatively impacted should the company experience a substantial deterioration in its financial condition or its debt ratings, or should the availability of short-term funding become restricted due to a disruption in the financial markets. the company attempts to quantify such credit-event risk by modeling scenarios that estimate the liquidity impact resulting from a short-term ratings downgrade over various grading levels. such impact is estimated by attempting to measure the effect on available unsecured lines of credit, available capacity from secured borrowing sources and securitizable assets. information about the credit ratings of m&t and m&t bank is presented in table 16. additional information regarding the terms and maturities of all of the company’s short-term and long-term borrowings is provided in note 9 of notes to financial statements. in addition to deposits and borrowings, other sources of liquidity include maturities of investment securities and other earning assets, repayments of loans and investment securities, and cash generated from operations, such as fees collected for services.
debt ratings moody’s         standard        fitch and poor’s m&amp;t bank corporation senior debt                      a3                a–           a–
m&amp;t bank short-term deposits              prime-1           a-1          f1
long-term deposits               a2                a            a senior debt                      a2                a            a–
certain customers of the company obtain financing through the issuance of variable rate demand bonds (“vrdbs”). the vrdbs are generally enhanced by letters of credit provided by m&t bank. m&t bank oftentimes acts as remarketing agent for the vrdbs and, at its discretion, may from time-to-time own some of the vrdbs while such instruments are remarketed. when this occurs, the vrdbs are classified as trading account assets in the company’s consolidated balance sheet. nevertheless, m&t bank is not contractually obligated to purchase the vrdbs. there were no vrdbs in the company’s trading account at december 31, 2014, while the value of vrdbs in the company’s trading account at december 31, 2013 totaled $25 million. the total amount of vrdbs outstanding backed by m&t bank letters of credit was $2.0 billion and $1.7 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. m&t bank also serves as remarketing agent for most of those bonds.
maturity distribution of selected loans(a)
commercial, financial, etc.             $6,811,488                       $2,876,207                  $7,528,436                  $890,316
(a)   the data do not include nonaccrual loans.
the company enters into contractual obligations in the normal course of business which require future cash payments. the contractual amounts and timing of those payments as of december 31, 2014 are summarized in table 18. off-balance sheet commitments to customers may impact liquidity, including commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, commercial letters of credit, financial guarantees and indemnification contracts, and commitments to sell real estate loans. because many of these commitments or contracts expire without being funded in whole or in part, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash flows. further discussion of these commitments is provided in note 21 of notes to financial statements. table 18 summarizes the company’s other commitments as of december 31, 2014 and the timing of the expiration of such commitments.
contractual obligations and other commitments december 31, 2014                                                      less than one               one to three              three to five                 over five                     total year                      years                      years                     years
payments due for contractual obligations time deposits                                                             $2,111,652                   $590,235                   $355,277                    $6,809                $3,063,973
deposits at cayman islands office                                            176,582                          —                          —                         —                   176,582
federal funds purchased and agreements to repurchase securities              192,676                          —                          —                         —                   192,676
other commitments commitments to extend credit                                              $9,428,384                 $5,767,919                 $4,574,826                $3,507,950               $23,279,079
standby letters of credit                                                  1,811,047                  1,162,503                    594,375                   138,963                 3,706,888
commercial letters of credit                                                  12,812                        152                     34,001                         —                    46,965
financial guarantees and indemnification contracts                           113,729                    249,776                    502,491                 1,624,054                 2,490,050
commitments to sell real estate loans                                      1,221,590                     15,704                          —                         —                 1,237,294
m&t’s primary source of funds to pay for operating expenses, shareholder dividends and treasury stock repurchases has historically been the receipt of dividends from its banking subsidiaries, which are subject to various regulatory limitations. dividends from any banking subsidiary to m&t are limited by the amount of earnings of the banking subsidiary in the current year and the two preceding years. for purposes of that test, at december 31, 2014 approximately $1.5 billion was available for payment of dividends to m&t from banking subsidiaries. these historic sources of cash flow have been augmented in the past by the issuance of trust preferred securities and senior notes payable. information regarding trust preferred securities and the related junior subordinated debentures is included in note 9 of notes to financial statements.
maturity and taxable-equivalent yield of investment securities december 31, 2014                                        one year                 one to five                 five to ten                    over ten                       total or less                       years                       years                       years
investment securities available for sale(a)
u.s. treasury and federal agencies carrying value                                             $4,887                    $157,060                          $—                          $—                    $161,947
obligations of states and political subdivisions carrying value                                                366                       2,932                       2,392                       2,508                       8,198
mortgage-backed securities(b)
government issued or guaranteed carrying value                                            414,495                   1,764,450                   2,466,132                   4,086,046                   8,731,123
privately issued carrying value                                                 34                          69                           —                           —                         103
other debt securities carrying value                                              2,215                       5,348                       1,185                     163,056                     171,804
equity securities carrying value                                                  —                           —                           —                           —                      83,757
total investment securities available for sale carrying value                                            421,997                   1,929,859                   2,469,709                   4,251,610                   9,156,932
investment securities held to maturity obligations of states and political subdivisions carrying value                                             23,107                      84,112                      41,742                           —                     148,961
mortgage-backed securities(b)
government issued or guaranteed carrying value                                             99,700                     437,594                     626,878                   1,985,148                   3,149,320
privately issued carrying value                                              6,710                      27,575                      36,531                     130,917                     201,733
other debt securities carrying value                                                  —                           —                           —                       7,854                       7,854
total investment securities held to maturity carrying value                                            129,517                     549,281                     705,151                   2,123,919                   3,507,868
other investment securities                                     —                           —                           —                           —                     328,742
total investment securities carrying value                                           $551,514                  $2,479,140                  $3,174,860                  $6,375,529                 $12,993,542
(a)   investment securities available for sale are presented at estimated fair value. yields on such securities are based on amortized cost.
(b)   maturities are reflected based upon contractual payments due. actual maturities are expected to be significantly shorter as a result of loan repayments in the underlying mortgage pools.
maturity of domestic certificates of deposit and time deposits with balances of $100,000 or more december 31, 2014
management closely monitors the company’s liquidity position on an ongoing basis for compliance with internal policies and believes that available sources of liquidity are adequate to meet funding needs anticipated in the normal course of business. management does not anticipate engaging in any activities, either currently or in the long-term, for which adequate funding would not be available and would therefore result in a significant strain on liquidity at either m&t or its subsidiary banks. banking regulators have finalized rules requiring a banking company to maintain a minimum amount of liquid assets to withstand a standardized supervisory liquidation stress scenario. the effective date for those rules for the company is january 1, 2016, subject to a two-year phase-in period. the company has taken steps as noted herein to enhance its liquidity and will take further action, as necessary, to comply with the regulations when they take effect.
market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in the market prices and/or interest rates of the company’s financial instruments. the primary market risk the company is exposed to is interest rate risk. interest rate risk arises from the company’s core banking activities of lending and deposit-taking, because assets and liabilities reprice at different times and by different amounts as interest rates change. as a result, net interest income earned by the company is subject to the effects of changing interest rates. the company measures interest rate risk by calculating the variability of net interest income in future periods under various interest rate scenarios using projected balances for earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities and derivatives used to hedge interest rate risk. management’s philosophy toward interest rate risk management is to limit the variability of net interest income. the balances of financial instruments used in the projections are based on expected growth from forecasted business opportunities, anticipated prepayments of loans and investment securities, and expected maturities of investment securities, loans and deposits. management uses a “value of equity” model to supplement the modeling technique described above. those supplemental analyses are based on discounted cash flows associated with on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments. such analyses are modeled to reflect changes in interest rates and provide management with a long-term interest rate risk metric. the company has entered into interest rate swap agreements to help manage exposure to interest rate risk. at december 31, 2014, the aggregate notional amount of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes was $1.4 billion. information about interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes is included herein under the heading “net interest income/lending and funding activities” and in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
the company’s asset-liability committee, which includes members of senior management, monitors the sensitivity of the company’s net interest income to changes in interest rates with the aid of a computer model that forecasts net interest income under different interest rate scenarios. in modeling changing interest rates, the company considers different yield curve shapes that consider both parallel (that is, simultaneous changes in interest rates at each point on the yield curve) and non-parallel (that is, allowing interest rates at points on the yield curve to vary by different amounts) shifts in the yield curve. in utilizing the model, projections of net interest income calculated under the varying interest rate scenarios are compared to a base interest rate scenario that is reflective of current interest rates. the model considers the impact of ongoing lending and deposit-gathering activities, as well as interrelationships in the magnitude and timing of the repricing of financial instruments, including the effect of changing interest rates on expected prepayments and maturities. when deemed prudent, management has taken actions to mitigate exposure to interest rate risk through the use of on- or off-balance sheet financial instruments and intends
to do so in the future. possible actions include, but are not limited to, changes in the pricing of loan and deposit products, modifying the composition of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and adding to, modifying or terminating existing interest rate swap agreements or other financial instruments used for interest rate risk management purposes.
table 21 displays as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 the estimated impact on net interest income from non-trading financial instruments in the base scenario resulting from parallel changes in interest rates across repricing categories during the first modeling year.
sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates calculated increase
changes in interest rates   2014                        2013
the company utilized many assumptions to calculate the impact that changes in interest rates may have on net interest income. the more significant of those assumptions included the rate of prepayments of mortgage-related assets, cash flows from derivative and other financial instruments held for non-trading purposes, loan and deposit volumes and pricing, and deposit maturities. in the scenarios presented, the company also assumed gradual changes in rates during a twelve-month period of 100 and 200 basis points, as compared with the assumed base scenario. in the event that a 100 or 200 basis point rate change cannot be achieved, the applicable rate changes are limited to lesser amounts such that interest rates cannot be less than zero. the assumptions used in interest rate sensitivity modeling are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the company cannot precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income. actual results may differ significantly from those presented due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of changes in interest rates and changes in market conditions and interest rate differentials (spreads) between maturity/repricing categories, as well as any actions, such as those previously described, which management may take to counter such changes.
table 22 presents cumulative totals of net assets (liabilities) repricing on a contractual basis within the specified time frames, as adjusted for the impact of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes. management believes that this measure does not appropriately depict interest rate risk since changes in interest rates do not necessarily affect all categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities equally nor, as assumed in the table, on the contractual maturity or repricing date. furthermore, this static presentation of interest rate risk fails to consider the effect of ongoing lending and deposit gathering activities, projected changes in balance sheet composition or any subsequent interest rate risk management activities the company is likely to implement.
contractual repricing data december 31, 2014                                      three months                four to twelve                       one to                        after           total or less                        months                   five years                   five years
investment securities                                       498,480                       428,676                    2,666,209                    9,400,177                   12,993,542
other earning assets                                      6,615,008                           700                            —                            —                    6,615,708
total earning assets                                     49,544,994                     4,519,564                   13,372,060                   18,841,588                   86,278,206
savings deposits                                         41,085,803                             —                            —                            —                   41,085,803
time deposits                                               668,735                     1,442,917                      945,512                        6,809                    3,063,973
deposits at cayman islands office                           167,510                         9,072                            —                            —                      176,582
total interest-bearing deposits                          44,229,863                     1,451,989                      945,512                        6,809                   46,634,173
total interest-bearing liabilities                       45,827,370                     1,857,391                    7,269,331                      879,716                   55,833,808
cumulative gap as a % of total earning assets                   2.7   %                       5.8   %                     14.5   %                     35.3   %
changes in fair value of the company’s financial instruments can also result from a lack of trading activity for similar instruments in the financial markets. that impact is most notable on the values assigned to some of the company’s investment securities. information about the fair valuation of investment securities is presented herein under the heading “capital” and in notes 3 and 20 of notes to financial statements.
the company engages in trading account activities to meet the financial needs of customers and to fund the company’s obligations under certain deferred compensation plans. financial instruments utilized in trading account activities consist predominantly of interest rate contracts, such as swap agreements, and forward and futures contracts related to foreign currencies. the company generally mitigates the foreign currency and interest rate risk associated with trading account activities by entering into offsetting trading positions that are also included in the trading account. the fair values of the offsetting positions associated with interest rate contracts and foreign currency and other option and futures contracts are presented in note 18 of notes to financial statements. the amounts of gross and net positions, as well as the type of trading account activities conducted by the company, are subject to a well-defined series of potential loss exposure limits established by management and approved by m&t’s board of directors. however, as with any non-government guaranteed financial instrument, the company is exposed to credit risk associated with counterparties to the company’s trading account activities.
the notional amounts of interest rate contracts entered into for trading account purposes totaled $17.6 billion at december 31, 2014 and $17.4 billion at december 31, 2013. the notional amounts of foreign currency and other option and futures contracts entered into for trading account purposes were $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. although the notional amounts of these contracts are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheet, the fair values of all financial instruments used for trading account activities are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet. the fair values of all trading account assets and liabilities were $308 million and $203 million, respectively, at december 31, 2014 and
$376 million and $250 million, respectively, at december 31, 2013. included in trading account assets at december 31, 2014 and 2013 were $27 million and $29 million, respectively, of assets related to deferred compensation plans. changes in the fair value of such assets are recorded as “trading account and foreign exchange gains” in the consolidated statement of income. included in “other liabilities” in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2014 and 2013 were $30 million and $31 million, respectively, of liabilities related to deferred compensation plans. changes in the balances of such liabilities due to the valuation of allocated investment options to which the liabilities are indexed are recorded in “other costs of operations” in the consolidated statement of income.
given the company’s policies, limits and positions, management believes that the potential loss exposure to the company resulting from market risk associated with trading account activities was not material, however, as previously noted, the company is exposed to credit risk associated with counterparties to transactions related to the company’s trading account activities. additional information about the company’s use of derivative financial instruments in its trading account activities is included in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
capital shareholders’ equity was $12.3 billion at december 31, 2014 and represented 12.76% of total assets, compared with $11.3 billion or 13.28% at december 31, 2013 and $10.2 billion or 12.29% at december 31, 2012.
included in shareholders’ equity was preferred stock with financial statement carrying values of $1.2 billion at december 31, 2014 and $882 million at december 31, 2013. on february 11, 2014, m&t issued 350,000 shares of series e perpetual fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share and liquidation preference of $1,000 per share. dividends, if declared, will be paid semi-annually at a rate of 6.45% through february 14, 2024 and thereafter will be paid quarterly at a rate of the three-month london interbank offered rate plus 361 basis points. the shares are redeemable in whole or in part on or after february 15, 2024. notwithstanding m&t’s option to redeem the shares, if an event occurs such that the shares no longer qualify as tier 1 regulatory capital, m&t may redeem all of the shares within 90 days following that occurrence. further information concerning m&t’s preferred stock can be found in note 10 of notes to financial statements.
common shareholders’ equity was $11.1 billion, or $83.88 per share, at december 31, 2014, compared with $10.4 billion, or $79.81 per share, at december 31, 2013 and $9.3 billion, or $72.73 per share, at december 31, 2012. tangible equity per common share, which excludes goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets and applicable deferred tax balances, was $57.06 at december 31, 2014, compared with $52.45 and $44.61 at december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the company’s ratio of tangible common equity to tangible assets was 8.11% at december 31, 2014, compared with 8.39% and 7.20% at december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. reconciliations of total common shareholders’ equity and tangible common equity and total assets and tangible assets as of december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are presented in table 2. during 2014, 2013 and 2012, the ratio of average total shareholders’ equity to average total assets was 13.13%, 12.82% and 12.13%, respectively. the ratio of average common shareholders’ equity to average total assets was 11.83%, 11.77% and 11.04% in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
shareholders’ equity reflects accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, which includes the net after-tax impact of unrealized gains or losses on investment securities classified as available for sale, unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities for which an other-than-temporary impairment charge has been recognized, gains or losses associated with interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges, foreign currency translation adjustments and adjustments to reflect the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. net unrealized gains on investment securities, net of applicable tax effect, were $127 million or $.96 per common share at december 31, 2014, compared with $34 million or $.26 per common share at december 31, 2013 and $37 million or $.29 per common share at december 31, 2012. information about unrealized gains and losses as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 is included in note 3 of notes to financial statements.
reflected in net unrealized gains at december 31, 2014 were pre-tax effect unrealized losses of $21 million on available-for-sale investment securities with an amortized cost of $191 million and pre-tax effect unrealized gains of $259 million on securities with an amortized cost of $8.7 billion. the pre-tax effect unrealized losses reflect $19 million of losses on trust preferred securities issued by financial institutions having an amortized cost of $125 million and an estimated fair value of $106 million (generally considered level 2 valuations). further information concerning the company’s valuations of available-for-sale investment securities is provided in note 20 of notes to financial statements.
in the second quarter of 2013, the company sold substantially all of its privately issued residential mortgage-backed securities that were classified as available for sale and recorded a pre-tax loss of $46 million. those privately issued mortgage-backed securities previously held by the company were generally collateralized by prime and alt-a residential mortgage loans. the sales, which were in response to changing regulatory capital and liquidity standards, resulted in improved liquidity and regulatory capital ratios for the company. further information on the sales is provided in note 3 of notes to financial statements.
the company assesses impairment losses on privately issued mortgage-backed securities in the held-to-maturity portfolio by performing internal modeling to estimate bond-specific cash flows considering recent performance of the mortgage loan collateral and utilizing assumptions about future defaults and loss severity. these bond specific cash flows also reflect the placement of the bond in the overall securitization structure and the remaining subordination levels. in total, at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the company had in its held-to-maturity portfolio privately issued mortgage-backed securities with an amortized cost basis of $202 million and $220 million, respectively, and a fair value of $158 million and $159 million, respectively. at december 31, 2014, 87% of the mortgage-backed securities were in the most senior tranche of the securitization structure with 31% being independently rated as investment grade. the mortgage-backed securities are generally collateralized by residential and small-balance commercial real estate loans originated between 2004 and 2008 and had a weighted-average credit enhancement of 17% at december 31, 2014, calculated by dividing the remaining unpaid principal balance of bonds subordinate to the bonds owned by the company plus any overcollateralization remaining in the securitization structure by the remaining unpaid principal balance of all bonds in the securitization structure. all mortgage-backed securities in the held-to-maturity portfolio had a current payment status as of december 31, 2014. the weighted-average default percentage and loss severity assumptions utilized in the company’s internal modeling were 34% and 74%, respectively. the company has concluded that as of december 31, 2014, its privately issued mortgage-backed securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired. nevertheless, it is possible that adverse changes in the future performance of mortgage loan collateral underlying such securities could impact the company’s conclusions.
during the first quarter of 2013, the company recognized $10 million (pre-tax) of other-than-temporary impairment losses related to privately issued mortgage-backed securities held in the available-for-sale portfolio. in assessing impairment losses for debt securities, the company performed internal modeling to estimate bond-specific cash flows, which considered the placement of the bond in the overall securitization structure and the remaining levels of subordination. during 2012, the company recognized $48 million (pre-tax), of other-than-temporary losses related to privately issued mortgage-backed securities.
as of december 31, 2014, based on a review of each of the remaining securities in the investment securities portfolio, the company concluded that the declines in the values of any securities containing an unrealized loss were temporary and that any additional other-than-temporary impairment charges were not appropriate. it is likely that the company will be required to sell certain of its collateralized debt obligations backed by trust preferred securities held in the available-for-sale portfolio to comply with the provisions of the volcker rule. however, the amortized cost and fair value of those collateralized debt obligations were $25 million and $32 million, respectively, at december 31, 2014 and the company did not expect that it would realize any material losses if it ultimately was required to sell such securities. as of that date, the company did not intend to sell nor is it anticipated that it would be required to sell any of its other impaired securities, that is, where fair value is less than the cost basis of the security. the company intends to continue to closely monitor the performance of its securities because changes in their underlying credit performance or other events could cause the cost basis of those securities to become other-than-temporarily impaired. however, because the unrealized losses on available-for-sale investment securities have generally already been reflected in the financial statement values for investment securities and shareholders’ equity, any recognition of an other-than-temporary decline in value of those investment securities would not have a material effect on the company’s consolidated financial condition. any other-than-temporary impairment charge related to held-to-maturity securities would result in reductions in the financial statement values for investment securities and shareholders’ equity. additional information concerning fair value measurements and the company’s approach to the classification of such measurements is included in note 20 of the notes to financial statements.
adjustments to reflect the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, net of applicable tax effect, reduced accumulated other comprehensive income by $306 million, or $2.31 per common share, at december 31, 2014, $98 million, or $.75 per common share, at december 31, 2013, and $277 million, or $2.16 per common share, at december 31, 2012. the increase in such adjustment at
december 31, 2014 as compared with december 31, 2013 was the result of two main factors: a 75 basis point decrease in the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations of the defined benefit plans at december 31, 2014 as compared with a year earlier and the use of updated mortality tables for the u.s. published in 2014 by the society of actuaries. the decrease in the adjustment at december 31, 2013 as compared with december 31, 2012 was predominantly the result of a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations of the defined benefit plans at december 31, 2013 as compared with a year earlier and actual investment returns in the qualified defined benefit pension plan that were higher than expected returns. information about the funded status of the company’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans is included in note 12 of notes to financial statements.
cash dividends declared on m&t’s common stock totaled $371 million in 2014, compared with $365 million and $358 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. dividends per common share totaled $2.80 in each of 2014, 2013 and 2012. dividends of $76 million in 2014 and $53 million in each of 2013 and 2012 were declared on preferred stock in accordance with the terms of each series. the company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock in 2014, 2013 or 2012.
the regulatory capital requirements applicable to m&t and its bank subsidiaries as of december 31, 2014 are presented in note 23 of notes to financial statements. at december 31, 2014, tier 1 capital, as defined in the regulations, included trust preferred securities of approximately $800 million as described in note 9 of notes to financial statements and total capital further included subordinated capital notes of $1.2 billion. pursuant to the dodd-frank act, trust preferred securities will be phased-out of the definition of tier 1 capital of bank holding companies, such that 25% of the securities will be includable in tier 1 capital in 2015 and, beginning in 2016, no amount of the securities will be includable. on february 27, 2014, m&t redeemed $350 million of enhanced trust preferred securities and the associated junior subordinated debentures. in addition, on november 1, 2014 m&t bank redeemed $50 million of 9.50% subordinated notes that were due to mature in 2018. the capital ratios of the company and its banking subsidiaries as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 are presented in note 23 of notes to financial statements.
effective january 1, 2015, new regulatory capital rules became effective. the new rules substantially revise the risk-based capital requirements applicable to bank holding companies and banks. m&t and its subsidiary banks expect to be able to comply with the revised capital adequacy requirements. a detailed discussion of the new regulatory capital rules is included in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading “capital requirements.”
fourth quarter results net income during the fourth quarter of 2014 was $278 million, up from $221 million in the year-earlier quarter. diluted and basic earnings per common share were $1.92 and $1.93, respectively, in the final quarter of 2014, compared with $1.56 and $1.57 of diluted and basic earnings per common share, respectively, in the similar quarter of 2013. the annualized rates of return on average assets and average common shareholders’ equity for the final 2014 quarter were 1.12% and 9.10%, respectively, compared with 1.03% and 7.99%, respectively, in the year-earlier quarter.
net operating income totaled $282 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, compared with $228 million in 2013’s final quarter. diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.95 and $1.61 in the fourth quarters of 2014 and 2013, respectively. the annualized net operating returns on average tangible assets and average tangible common equity in the fourth quarter of 2014 were 1.18% and 13.55%, respectively, compared with 1.11% and 12.67%, respectively, in the corresponding quarter of 2013. core deposit and other intangible asset amortization, after tax effect, totaled $4 million and $6 million in the final quarters of 2014 and 2013 ($.03 and $.05 per diluted common share), respectively. reconciliations of gaap results with non-gaap results for the quarterly periods of 2014 and 2013 are provided in table 24.
net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis totaled $688 million in the final 2014 quarter, up 2% from $673 million in the year-earlier quarter. growth in average earning assets of $12.9 billion was partially offset by a 46 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin to 3.10% in the recent quarter from 3.56% in 2013’s fourth quarter. the rise in average earning assets was attributable to a $6.1 billion increase in average interest-bearing deposits held at the federal reserve bank of new york, higher average investment securities balances of $4.6 billion, and a $2.2 billion increase in average loans and leases. the increase in the investment securities portfolio from the year-earlier quarter reflects the impact of purchases of fannie mae and ginnie mae residential mortgage-backed securities, partially offset by maturities and paydowns of mortgage-backed securities. average commercial loan and lease balances were $19.1 billion in the recent quarter, up $1.0 billion or 6% from $18.1 billion in the final quarter of 2013. commercial real
estate loans averaged $27.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2014, up $833 million or 3% from $26.2 billion in the year-earlier quarter. the growth in commercial loans and commercial real estate loans reflects higher loan demand by customers. average residential real estate loans outstanding declined $336 million to $8.7 billion in the recent quarter from $9.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2013. included in the residential real estate loan portfolio were average balances of loans held for sale, which totaled $435 million in the recent quarter, compared with $463 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. consumer loans averaged $10.9 billion in the recent quarter, up $700 million from $10.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2013. that increase was largely due to higher average balances of automobile loans. total loans at december 31, 2014 increased $1.1 billion to $66.7 billion from $65.6 billion at september 30, 2014. that growth was predominantly attributable to increases in commercial real estate loans and in commercial loans, due largely to seasonally-higher automobile dealer floor plan balances. the decline in the net interest margin from the final 2013 quarter reflects a 16 basis point decrease in the yield on loans, a 50 basis point decline in the yield on investment securities and the impact of higher balances of interest-bearing deposits at the federal reserve bank of new york and investment securities which have lower yields than loans. the yield on earning assets in the fourth quarter of 2014 was 3.44%, a 48 basis point decline from the year-earlier quarter. the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities declined 4 basis points to .52% in the recent quarter from .56% in the fourth quarter of 2013. the resulting net interest spread was 2.92% in the final quarter of 2014, 44 basis points lower than 3.36% in the year-earlier quarter. that compression was largely due to the changed mix in earning assets already noted and the 16 basis point decline in loan yields. the contribution of net interest-free funds to the company’s net interest margin was .18% in the recent quarter, compared with .20% in the year-earlier quarter. as a result, the company’s net interest margin narrowed to 3.10% in the fourth quarter of 2014 from 3.56% in the similar 2013 period.
the provision for credit losses was $33 million during the final 2014 quarter, compared with $42 million in the year-earlier period. net charge-offs of loans totaled $32 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, representing an annualized .19% of average loans and leases outstanding, compared with $42 million or .26% during the fourth quarter of 2013. net charge-offs included: commercial loans of $9 million and $21 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively; commercial real estate loans of less than $1 million in 2014, compared with $8 million a year earlier; residential real estate loans of $3 million in each of the fourth quarters of 2014 and 2013; and consumer loans of $19 million in the recent quarter, compared with $10 million in the 2013’s fourth quarter. reflected in net charge-offs of consumer loans for the fourth quarter of 2013 were recoveries of previously charged-off home equity line of credit balances of $9 million related to a portfolio acquired in 2007.
other income totaled $452 million in the recent quarter, up from $446 million in the final quarter of 2013. that improvement resulted from higher residential mortgage banking revenues associated with loan servicing activities, partially offset by declines in trading account and foreign exchange gains and service charges on deposit accounts.
other expense in the fourth quarter of 2014 aggregated $680 million, compared with $743 million in the year-earlier quarter. included in such amounts are expenses considered to be “nonoperating” in nature consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $7 million and $10 million in the fourth quarters of 2014 and 2013, respectively. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses were $673 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, down from $733 million in the similar quarter of 2013. the lower operating expenses in the recently completed quarter reflect a decline in professional services costs and a $40 million litigation-related accrual in the fourth quarter of 2013. the company’s efficiency ratio during the fourth quarters of 2014 and 2013 was 59.1% and 65.5%, respectively. table 24 includes a reconciliation of other expense to noninterest operating expense and the calculation of the efficiency ratio for each of the quarters of 2014 and 2013.
segment information in accordance with gaap, the company’s reportable segments have been determined based upon its internal profitability reporting system, which is organized by strategic business unit. certain strategic business units have been combined for segment information reporting purposes where the nature of the products and services, the type of customer, and the distribution of those products and services are similar. the reportable segments are business banking, commercial banking, commercial real estate, discretionary portfolio, residential mortgage banking and retail banking.
the financial information of the company’s segments was compiled utilizing the accounting policies described in note 22 of notes to financial statements. the management accounting policies and processes
utilized in compiling segment financial information are highly subjective and, unlike financial accounting, are not based on authoritative guidance similar to gaap. as a result, reported segments and the financial information of the reported segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information reported by other financial institutions. furthermore, changes in management structure or allocation methodologies and procedures may result in changes in reported segment financial data. financial information about the company’s segments is presented in note 22 of notes to financial statements.
the business banking segment provides a wide range of services to small businesses and professionals within markets served by the company through the company’s branch network, business banking centers and other delivery channels such as telephone banking, internet banking and automated teller machines. services and products offered by this segment include various business loans and leases, including loans guaranteed by the small business administration, business credit cards, deposit products, and financial services such as cash management, payroll and direct deposit, merchant credit card and letters of credit. the business banking segment recorded net income of $120 million in 2014, up 8% from $111 million in 2013. that improvement reflects: an $8 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, due to lower net charge offs; higher merchant and credit card fees of $4 million; a lower fdic assessment of $3 million; and other decreased operating costs. those favorable items were partially offset by lower net interest income of $8 million, reflecting a 23 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on deposits offset, in part, by increases in average outstanding deposit (predominantly noninterest-bearing) and loan balances of $381 million and $200 million, respectively. net income contributed by the business banking segment totaled $147 million in 2012. the 24% decrease in net income in 2013 as compared with 2012 reflected: lower net interest income of $22 million; increased costs associated with the allocation of operating expenses related to bsa/aml compliance, risk management and other operational initiatives across the company; a $6 million increase in personnel costs; and a $4 million increase in the provision for credit losses. the lower net interest income reflected a 43 basis point decline in the net interest margin on deposits, partially offset by a $418 million increase in average deposit balances (predominantly noninterest-bearing).
the commercial banking segment provides a wide range of credit products and banking services for middle-market and large commercial customers, mainly within the markets served by the company. services provided by this segment include commercial lending and leasing, letters of credit, deposit products, and cash management services. net income for the commercial banking segment increased 5% to $411 million in 2014 from $391 million in 2013. the improved results were largely due to a $44 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, reflecting lower net charge-offs, and a lower fdic assessment of $14 million. the significant decline in net charge-offs was predominantly the result of $49 million of loans charged-off in 2013 for a relationship with a motor vehicle-related parts wholesaler. those favorable items were offset, in part, by a $13 million decline in net interest income resulting from a narrowing of the net interest margin on deposits of 27 basis points and on loans of 8 basis points, partially offset by higher average outstanding balances of loans and deposits of $1.2 billion and $884 million, respectively. net income for the commercial banking segment in 2012 was $431 million. the 9% decline in net income in 2013 as compared with 2012 was largely due to a $61 million increase in the provision for credit losses, the result of higher net charge-offs in 2013 predominantly related to the relationship with the motor vehicle-related parts wholesaler noted above.
the commercial real estate segment provides credit and deposit services to its customers. real estate securing loans in this segment is generally located in the new york city metropolitan area, upstate new york, pennsylvania, maryland, the district of columbia, delaware, virginia, west virginia, and the northwestern portion of the united states. commercial real estate loans may be secured by apartment/multifamily buildings; office, retail and industrial space; or other types of collateral. activities of this segment also include the origination, sales and servicing of commercial real estate loans through the fannie mae dus program and other programs. the commercial real estate segment contributed net income of $316 million in 2014, 2% below the $322 million recorded in 2013. that modest decline was attributable to the following factors: lower net interest income of $31 million, resulting from the narrowing of the net interest margin on loans and deposits of 13 basis points and 31 basis points, respectively, offset, in part, by a $14 million decrease in the provision for credit losses and a lower fdic assessment. net income for the commercial real estate segment in 2012 was $309 million. the improved results in 2013 as compared to 2012 were largely attributable to a $39 million increase in net interest income, resulting from growth in average loan and deposit balances of $694 million and $466 million, respectively, and a 17 basis point widening of the net interest margin on loans, partially offset by a 31 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on deposits. the higher net interest income was offset, in part, by: a $3 million increase in the
provision for credit losses; a $3 million decrease in mortgage banking revenues; and increased other operating expenses that reflect costs associated with the allocation of operating expenses relating to bsa/aml compliance, risk management, and other operational initiatives across the company.
the discretionary portfolio segment includes investment and trading account securities, residential real estate loans and other assets; short-term and long-term borrowed funds; brokered deposits; and cayman islands office deposits. this segment also provides foreign exchange services to customers. included in the assets of the discretionary portfolio segment are the company’s portfolio of alt-a mortgage loans and, prior to the second quarter of 2013, were most of the investment securities for which the company had recognized other-than-temporary impairment charges. the discretionary portfolio segment recorded net income of $48 million in 2014 and $30 million in 2013, compared with a net loss of $33 million in 2012. included in this segment’s results for 2013 were net pre-tax losses of $46 million associated with the sale of approximately $1.0 billion of privately issued mortgage-backed securities that had been held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio. also reflected in securities gains or losses were other-than-temporary impairment charges, predominantly related to certain privately issued mortgage-backed securities, of $10 million in 2013 and $48 million in 2012. there were no securities gains or losses in 2014. excluding securities gains and losses, net income for the discretionary portfolio segment was $63 million in 2013, compared with a net loss of $5 million in 2012. on that basis, the decline in net income in 2014 as compared with 2013 was largely due to $42 million of gains recorded in 2013 from securitization transactions associated with one-to-four family residential real estate loans previously held in the company’s loan portfolio. partially offsetting that impact was an $8 million increase in net interest income that was attributable to a $4.9 billion increase in average balances of investment securities and a 16 basis point widening of the net interest margin on loans, partially offset by a $639 million decrease in average outstanding loan balances. excluding the impact of securities gains and losses, the most significant contributors to the favorable performance in 2013 as compared with 2012 included: the $42 million of gains from the securitization transactions; a $28 million decline in the provision for credit losses, predominantly the result of lower net charge-offs; and a $31 million decrease in intersegment charges due to a lower proportion of residential real estate loans being retained for portfolio rather than being sold.
the residential mortgage banking segment originates and services residential mortgage loans and sells substantially all of those loans in the secondary market to investors or to the discretionary portfolio segment. this segment had also originated and serviced loans to builders and developers of residential real estate properties, although that origination activity has been significantly curtailed. in addition to the geographic regions served by or contiguous with the company’s branch network, the company maintains mortgage loan origination offices in several states throughout the western united states. the company periodically purchases the rights to service mortgage loans and also sub-services residential real estate loans for others. residential real estate loans held for sale are included in this segment. the residential mortgage banking segment’s net income declined 4% to $95 million in 2014 from $99 million in 2013. that decline was due to the following factors: a $71 million decrease in loan origination and sales revenues (including intersegment revenues) due to lower volumes of loans originated for sale; a $9 million increase in the provision for credit losses, as 2013 included $12 million of net recoveries of previously charged-off loans to residential real estate builders and developers; and an $8 million decline in net interest income. the lower net interest income was attributable to a $582 million decrease in average loan balances and a 25 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on deposits. largely offsetting those unfavorable factors was an $80 million rise in revenues from servicing residential real estate loans (including intersegment revenues), predominantly the result of sub-servicing activities. net income for this segment aggregated $135 million in 2012. the decrease in net income in 2013 as compared to 2012 was largely due to a $97 million decline in revenues from residential mortgage origination and sales activities (including intersegment revenues), due to lower origination volumes, and increased personnel and professional services costs associated with expanded residential mortgage loan sub-servicing activities. those unfavorable factors were offset, in part, by: a $29 million decline in the provision for credit losses reflecting net recoveries in 2013 of previously charged-off loans to real estate builders and developers of $12 million; a $20 million rise in net interest income, the result of a $139 million increase in average outstanding loan balances and a 63 basis point widening of the net interest margin on loans due to higher loan yields; and a $16 million rise in revenues from servicing residential real estate loans (including intersegment revenues).
the retail banking segment offers a variety of services to consumers through several delivery channels which include branch offices, automated teller machines, telephone banking and internet banking. the company has branch offices in new york state, pennsylvania, maryland, virginia, the district of
columbia, west virginia, and delaware. credit services offered by this segment include consumer installment loans, automobile loans (originated both directly and indirectly through dealers), home equity loans and lines of credit and credit cards. the segment also offers to its customers deposit products, including demand, savings and time accounts; investment products, including mutual funds and annuities; and other services. net income for the retail banking segment was $120 million in 2014, down 34% from $182 million in 2013. that decline was attributable to the following significant factors: a $69 million decrease in net interest income, largely due to a 20 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on deposits and a decrease in average outstanding loans of $537 million; a $21 million gain recognized in 2013 on the securitization and sale of approximately $1.4 billion of automobile loans previously held in the company’s loan portfolio; a $17 million decline in service charges on deposit accounts; and a $5 million increase in the provision for credit losses, due to higher net charge-offs. this segment’s net income declined 17% in 2013 from $221 million in 2012. the primary contributor to that decline was a $93 million decrease in net interest income, largely due to a 33 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on deposits and a decrease in average outstanding loans of $682 million, partially offset by a 16 basis point widening of the net interest margin on loans and a $720 million increase in average outstanding deposit balances. also contributing to the lower net income in 2013 were higher noninterest operating expenses, including costs related to bsa/aml compliance, risk management, and other operational initiatives. those unfavorable factors were offset, in part, by the $21 million gain on the securitization and sale of automobile loans and a $23 million decline in the provision for credit losses, largely due to lower net charge-offs.
the “all other” category reflects other activities of the company that are not directly attributable to the reported segments. reflected in this category are the amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets resulting from the acquisitions of financial institutions, m&t’s share of the operating losses of blg, merger-related gains and expenses resulting from acquisitions and the net impact of the company’s allocation methodologies for internal transfers for funding charges and credits associated with the earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities of the company’s reportable segments and the provision for credit losses. the “all other” category also includes the trust income of the company that reflects the ics and was business activities. the various components of the “all other” category resulted in net losses of $44 million and $181 million in 2014 and 2012, respectively, compared with net income of $3 million in 2013. results for the 2013 period included realized gains on the sale of the company’s holdings of visa and mastercard shares totaling $103 million and the reversal of an accrual for a contingent compensation obligation of $26 million assumed in the may 2011 acquisition of wilmington trust that expired. partially offsetting those factors were higher litigation-related charges in 2013 that reflected a $40 million litigation-related accrual in the fourth quarter of 2013. also contributing to the unfavorable performance in 2014 as compared to 2013 were increases in personnel-related and professional service costs related to bsa/aml and other company-wide initiatives offset, in part, by higher trust income of $12 million and the favorable impact from the company’s allocation methodologies for internal transfers for funding and other charges of the company’s reportable segments and the provision for credit losses. the improved performance in 2013 as compared with 2012, in addition to those items noted above that were recorded in 2013, was due to higher trust income of $24 million and the favorable impact from the company’s allocation methodologies for internal transfers for funding and other charges of the company’s reportable segments and the provision for credit losses.
recent accounting developments in august 2014, the financial accounting standards board (“fasb”) issued amended accounting guidance for the classification of certain government-guaranteed mortgage loans upon foreclosure. this guidance requires that a mortgage loan be derecognized and that a separate other receivable be recognized upon foreclosure if the following conditions are met: (1) the loan has a government guarantee that is not separable from the loan before foreclosure; (2) at the time of foreclosure, the creditor has the intent to convey the real estate property to the guarantor and make a claim on the guarantee, and the creditor has the ability to recover under that claim; and (3) at the time of foreclosure, any amount of the claim that is determined on the basis of the fair value of the real estate is fixed. upon foreclosure, the separate other receivable should be measured based upon the amount of the loan balance (principal and interest) expected to be recovered from the guarantor. this guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after december 15, 2014. this guidance should be applied using a prospective transition method or a modified retrospective transition method. the company expects that the adoption of this guidance in 2015 will not have a significant effect on the company’s financial position or results of operations.
in june 2014, the fasb issued amended accounting guidance for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. the amended guidance requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. if the performance target becomes probable of being achieved before the end of the requisite service period, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost should be recognized prospectively over the remaining requisite service period. the total amount of compensation cost recognized during and after the requisite service period should reflect the number of awards that are expected to vest and should be adjusted to reflect those awards that ultimately vest. the requisite service period ends when the employee can cease rendering service and still be eligible to vest in the award if the performance target is achieved. this guidance is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after december 31, 2015, with earlier adoption permitted. the company does not expect the amended guidance published by the fasb to have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.
in june 2014, the fasb issued amended accounting guidance for repurchase-to-maturity transactions and repurchase financings. the amended accounting guidance changes the accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions to secured borrowing accounting, which is consistent with the accounting for other repurchase agreements. further, for repurchase financing arrangements, the amendments require separate accounting for a transfer of a financial asset executed contemporaneously with a repurchase agreement with the same counterparty, which will result in secured borrowing accounting for the repurchase agreement. the amendments require new disclosures on transfers accounted for as sales in transactions that are economically similar to repurchase agreements and about the types of collateral pledged in repurchase agreements and similar transactions accounted for as secured borrowings. the accounting changes in this guidance are effective for the first interim or annual period beginning after december 15, 2014. changes in accounting for transactions outstanding on the effective date should be presented as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. the disclosure guidance for certain transactions accounted for as a sale is required to be presented for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2014, and the disclosure guidance for repurchase agreements, securities lending transactions, and repurchase-to-maturity transactions accounted for as secured borrowings is required to be presented for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2014, and for interim periods beginning after march 15, 2015. the company does not currently have repurchase-to-maturity transactions or transfers of a financial asset executed contemporaneously with a repurchase agreement with the same counterparty. the company will make the required disclosures when the guidance becomes effective.
in may 2014, the fasb issued amended accounting and disclosure guidance for revenue from contracts with customers. the core principle of the accounting guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. to achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. the guidance also specifies the accounting for some costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer. the amended disclosure guidance requires sufficient information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. the amended guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. the guidance should be applied either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this guidance recognized at the date of initial application. the company is still evaluating the impact the guidance could have on its consolidated financial statements.
in january 2014, the fasb issued amended accounting and disclosure guidance for reclassification of residential real estate collateralized consumer mortgage loans upon foreclosure. the amended guidance clarifies that an in-substance repossession or foreclosure occurs and a creditor is considered to have received physical possession of residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan
upon either (1) the creditor obtaining legal title to the residential real estate property upon completion of a foreclosure or (2) the borrower conveying all interest in the residential real estate property to the creditor to satisfy that loan through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal agreement. the amended guidance also requires interim and annual disclosure of both (1) the amount of foreclosed residential real estate property held by the creditor and (2) the recorded investment in consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate that are in the process of foreclosure according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction. this guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after december 15, 2014. this guidance should be applied using a prospective transition method or a modified retrospective transition method. the company expects that the adoption of this guidance in 2015 will not have a significant effect on the company’s financial position or results of operations.
in january 2014, the fasb issued amended accounting guidance permitting an accounting policy election to account for investments in qualified affordable housing projects using the proportional amortization method if certain conditions are met. under the proportional amortization method, an entity amortizes the initial cost of the investment in proportion to the tax credits and other tax benefits received and recognizes the net investment performance in the income statement as a component of income tax expense. the decision to apply the proportional amortization method of accounting is an accounting policy election that should be applied consistently to all qualifying affordable housing project investments. this guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning after december 15, 2014. this guidance should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. the company expects that the adoption of this guidance in 2015 will not have a significant effect on the company’s financial position or results of operations, but will result in the restatement of consolidated financial statements for 2014 and earlier years to remove losses associated with qualified affordable housing projects from “other costs of operations” and include the amortization of the initial cost of the investment in income tax expense. those restatements are not expected to have a material impact on the company’s previously reported net income for 2014 and earlier years.
forward-looking statements management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and other sections of this annual report contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the company’s business, management’s beliefs and assumptions made by management. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “target,” “estimate,” “continue,” “positions,” “prospects” or “potential,” by future conditional verbs such as “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” or “may,” or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions (“future factors”) which are difficult to predict. therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the company assumes no duty to update forward-looking statements.
future factors include changes in interest rates, spreads on earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and interest rate sensitivity; prepayment speeds, loan originations, credit losses and market values of loans, collateral securing loans and other assets; sources of liquidity; common shares outstanding; common stock price volatility; fair value of and number of stock-based compensation awards to be issued in future periods; the impact of changes in market values on trust-related revenues; legislation and/or regulation affecting the financial services industry as a whole, and m&t and its subsidiaries individually or collectively, including tax legislation or regulation; regulatory supervision and oversight, including monetary policy and capital requirements; changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the fasb or regulatory agencies; increasing price and product/service competition by competitors, including new entrants; rapid technological developments and changes; the ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis; the mix of products/services; containing costs and expenses; governmental and public policy changes; protection and validity of intellectual property rights; reliance on large customers; technological, implementation and cost/financial risks in large, multi-year contracts; the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings, including tax-related examinations and other matters; continued availability of financing; financial resources in the amounts, at the times and on the terms required to support m&t and its subsidiaries’ future businesses; and material differences in the actual financial results of merger, acquisition
and investment activities compared with m&t’s initial expectations, including the full realization of anticipated cost savings and revenue enhancements.
these are representative of the future factors that could affect the outcome of the forward-looking statements. in addition, such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates, general economic and political conditions, either nationally or in the states in which m&t and its subsidiaries do business, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes and trends in the securities markets, and other future factors.
less: provision for credit losses                                                          33,000                  29,000                  30,000                  32,000               42,000                  48,000                  57,000                  38,000
income before income taxes                                                                426,382                 417,727                 420,181                 348,214              333,857                 449,975                 536,902                 421,786
per common share data basic earnings                                                                              $1.93                   $1.92                   $1.99                   $1.63                $1.57                   $2.13                   $2.56                   $2.00
performance ratios, annualized return on average assets                                                                               1.12   %                1.17   %                1.27   %                1.07   %             1.03   %                1.39   %                1.68   %                1.36   %
average common shareholders’ equity                                                          9.10   %                9.18   %                9.79   %                8.22   %             7.99   %               11.06   %               13.78   %               11.10   %
net interest margin on average earning assets (taxable-equivalent basis)                     3.10   %                3.23   %                3.40   %                3.52   %             3.56   %                3.61   %                3.71   %                3.71   %
annualized return on average tangible assets                                                                      1.18   %                1.24   %                1.35   %                1.15   %             1.11   %                1.48   %                1.81   %                1.48   %
average tangible common shareholders’ equity                                                13.55   %               13.80   %               14.92   %               12.76   %            12.67   %               17.64   %               22.72   %               18.71   %
efficiency ratio(b)                                                                         59.06   %               59.67   %               59.39   %               63.95   %            65.48   %               56.03   %               50.92   %               55.88   %
balance sheet data in millions, except per share average balances total assets(c)                                                                           $98,644                 $93,245                 $89,873                 $86,665              $85,330                 $84,011                 $83,352                 $81,913
total tangible assets(c)                                                                   95,093                  89,689                  86,311                  83,096               81,754                  80,427                  79,760                  78,311
earning assets                                                                             87,965                  82,776                  79,556                  76,288               75,049                  74,667                  73,960                  72,339
investment securities                                                                      12,978                  12,780                  10,959                   9,265                8,354                   6,979                   5,293                   5,803
deposits                                                                                   75,515                  70,772                  69,659                  67,327               67,212                  66,232                  65,680                  64,540
common shareholders’ equity(c)                                                             11,211                  11,015                  10,808                  10,576               10,228                  10,003                   9,687                   9,448
tangible common shareholders’ equity(c)                                                     7,660                   7,459                   7,246                   7,007                6,652                   6,419                   6,095                   5,846
at end of quarter total assets(c)                                                                           $96,686                 $97,228                 $90,835                 $88,530              $85,162                 $84,427                 $83,229                 $82,812
total tangible assets(c)                                                                   93,137                  93,674                  87,276                  84,965               81,589                  80,847                  79,641                  79,215
earning assets                                                                             86,278                  86,751                  80,062                  77,950               74,706                  74,085                  73,927                  73,543
investment securities                                                                      12,994                  13,348                  12,120                  10,364                8,796                   8,310                   5,211                   5,661
deposits                                                                                   73,582                  74,342                  69,829                  68,699               67,119                  66,552                  65,661                  65,090
common shareholders’ equity, net of undeclared cumulative preferred dividends(c)           11,102                  11,099                  10,934                  10,652               10,421                  10,133                   9,836                   9,545
tangible common shareholders’ equity(c)                                                     7,553                   7,545                   7,375                   7,087                6,848                   6,553                   6,248                   5,948
equity per common share                                                                     83.88                   83.99                   82.86                   81.05                79.81                   77.81                   75.98                   73.99
tangible equity per common share                                                            57.06                   57.10                   55.89                   53.92                52.45                   50.32                   48.26                   46.11
market price per common share high                                                                                      $128.96                 $128.69                 $125.90                 $123.04              $117.29                 $119.54                 $112.01                 $105.90
(a)   excludes amortization and balances related to goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets and merger-related expenses which, except in the calculation of the efficiency ratio, are net of applicable income tax effects. a reconciliation of net income and net operating income appears in table 24.
(b)   excludes impact of merger-related expenses and net securities gains or losses.
(c)   the difference between total assets and total tangible assets, and common shareholders’ equity and tangible common shareholders’ equity, represents goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, net of applicable deferred tax balances. a reconciliation of such balances appears in table 24.
2014 quarters                                                                                    2013 quarters fourth                    third                   second                    first                fourth                    third                   second                    first income statement data in thousands, except per share net income net income                                                           $277,549                 $275,344                 $284,336                 $229,017              $221,422                 $294,479                 $348,466                 $274,113
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets(a)             4,380                    4,494                    5,638                    6,145                 6,375                    6,489                    7,632                    8,148
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets(a)               .03                      .03                      .04                      .05                   .05                      .05                      .06                      .06
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets               (7,170   )               (7,358   )               (9,234   )              (10,062   )           (10,439   )              (10,628   )              (12,502   )              (13,343   )
merger-related expenses salaries and employee benefits                                             $—                       $—                       $—                       $—                    $—                       $—                     $300                     $536
other costs of operations                                                   —                        —                        —                        —                     —                        —                    5,845                    3,168
efficiency ratio noninterest operating expense (numerator)                            $672,938                 $671,926                 $671,960                 $692,209              $732,633                 $647,998                 $578,457                 $617,521
less: gain on bank investment securities                                    —                        —                        —                        —                     —                        —                   56,457                        —
efficiency ratio                                                        59.06   %                59.67   %                59.39   %                63.95   %             65.48   %                56.03   %                50.92   %                55.88   %
balance sheet data in millions average assets average assets                                                        $98,644                  $93,245                  $89,873                  $86,665               $85,330                  $84,011                  $83,352                  $81,913
core deposit and other intangible assets                                  (38   )                  (45   )                  (53   )                  (64   )               (74   )                  (84   )                  (95   )                 (109   )
average tangible assets                                               $95,093                  $89,689                  $86,311                  $83,096               $81,754                  $80,427                  $79,760                  $78,311
average common equity average total equity                                                  $12,442                  $12,247                  $12,039                  $11,648               $11,109                  $10,881                  $10,563                  $10,322
average common equity                                                  11,211                   11,015                   10,808                   10,576                10,228                   10,003                    9,687                    9,448
core deposit and other intangible assets                                  (38   )                  (45   )                  (53   )                  (64   )               (74   )                  (84   )                  (95   )                 (109   )
average tangible common equity                                         $7,660                   $7,459                   $7,246                   $7,007                $6,652                   $6,419                   $6,095                   $5,846
at end of quarter total assets total assets                                                          $96,686                  $97,228                  $90,835                  $88,530               $85,162                  $84,427                  $83,229                  $82,812
core deposit and other intangible assets                                  (35   )                  (42   )                  (49   )                  (59   )               (69   )                  (79   )                  (90   )                 (102   )
total tangible assets                                                 $93,137                  $93,674                  $87,276                  $84,965               $81,589                  $80,847                  $79,641                  $79,215
total common equity total equity                                                          $12,336                  $12,333                  $12,169                  $11,887               $11,306                  $11,016                  $10,716                  $10,423
common equity, net of undeclared cumulative                            11,102                   11,099                   10,934                   10,652                10,421                   10,133                    9,836                    9,545
core deposit and other intangible assets                                  (35   )                  (42   )                  (49   )                  (59   )               (69   )                  (79   )                  (90   )                 (102   )
total tangible common equity                                           $7,553                   $7,545                   $7,375                   $7,087                $6,848                   $6,553                   $6,248                   $5,948