item 1a.   risk factors (dollars in millions except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts)
our business activities are subject to significant risks, including those described below. every investor or potential investor in our securities should carefully consider these risks. if any of the described risks actually occurs, our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. such risks are not the only ones we face and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business.
●   speculative short positions taken by significant investors or traders in gold or copper;
●   recession or reduced economic activity in the united states, china, india and other industrialized or developing countries;
●   availability of cheaper substitute materials.
any decline in our realized gold or copper price adversely impacts our revenues, net income and operating cash flows, particularly in light of our strategy of not engaging in hedging transactions with respect to gold or copper sales. we have recorded asset write-downs in the past and may experience additional write-downs as a result of lower gold or copper prices in the future.
in addition, sustained lower gold or copper prices can:
●   reduce revenues further through production declines due to cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits, that have become uneconomic at sustained lower gold or copper prices;
●   reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from ore stockpiles and ore on leach pads and increase the likelihood and amount that the company might be required to record as an impairment charge related to the carrying value of its stockpiles;
●   reduce funds available for exploration and advanced projects with the result that depleted reserves may not be replaced; and
also see the discussion in item 1, business, gold or copper price.
gold and copper producers must continually replace reserves depleted by production to maintain production levels over the long term and provide a return on invested capital. depleted reserves can be replaced in several ways, including expanding known ore bodies, by locating new deposits, or acquiring interests in reserves from third parties. exploration is highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and uncertainties and is frequently unsuccessful in discovering significant mineralization. accordingly, our current or future exploration programs may not result in new mineral producing operations. even if significant mineralization is discovered, it will likely take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change.
we may consider, from time to time, the acquisition of ore reserves from others related to development properties and operating mines. such acquisitions are typically based on an analysis of a variety of factors including historical operating results, estimates of and assumptions regarding the extent of ore reserves, the timing of production from such reserves and cash and other operating costs. other factors that affect our decision to make any such acquisitions may also include our assumptions for future gold or copper prices or other mineral prices and the projected economic returns and evaluations of existing or potential liabilities associated with the property and its operations and projections of how these may change in the future. in addition, in connection with future acquisitions we may rely on data and reports prepared by third parties and which may contain information or data that we are unable to independently verify or confirm. other than historical operating results, all of these factors are uncertain and may have an impact on
newmont mining corporation our revenue, our cash flow and other operating issues, as well as contributing to the uncertainties related to the process used to estimate ore reserves. in addition, there may be intense competition for the acquisition of attractive mining properties.
as a result of these uncertainties, our exploration programs and any acquisitions which we may pursue may not result in the expansion or replacement of our current production with new ore reserves or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position.
the reserves stated in this report represent the amount of gold and copper that we estimated, at december 31, 2014, could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. estimates of proven and probable reserves are subject to considerable uncertainty. such estimates are, to a large extent, based on the prices of gold and copper and interpretations of geologic data obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques. producers use feasibility studies to derive estimates of capital and operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined and processed, the predicted configuration of the ore body, expected recovery rates of metals from the ore, the costs of comparable facilities, the costs of operating and processing equipment and other factors. actual operating and capital cost and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from original estimates. further, it may take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time, the economic feasibility of production may change.
additionally, the term "mineralized material" as used in this report does not indicate proven and probable reserves as defined by the sec or the company's standards. estimates of mineralized material are subject to further exploration and development, and are, therefore, subject to considerable uncertainty. despite the company's history of converting a substantial portion of mineralized material to reserves through additional drilling and study work, the company cannot be certain that any part or parts of the mineralized material deposit will ever be confirmed or converted into sec industry guide 7 compliant reserves or that mineralized material can be economically or legally extracted.
in addition, if the price of gold or copper declines from recent levels, if production costs increase or recovery rates decrease or if applicable laws and regulations are adversely changed, we can offer no assurance that the indicated level of recovery will be realized or that mineral reserves or mineralized material as currently reported can be mined or processed profitably. if we determine that certain of our ore reserves have become uneconomic, this may ultimately lead to a reduction in our aggregate reported reserves and mineralized material. consequently, if our actual mineral reserves and mineralized material are less than current estimates, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position may be materially impaired.
increased operating and capital costs could affect our profitability.
costs at any particular mining location are subject to variation due to a number of factors, such as variable ore grade, changing metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the physical shape and location of the ore body, as well as the age and utilization rates for the mining and processing related facilities and equipment. in addition, costs are affected by the price and availability of input commodities, such as fuel, electricity, labor, chemical reagents, explosives, steel and concrete and mining and processing related equipment and facilities. commodity costs are, at times, subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at certain operations less profitable. further, changes in laws and regulations can affect commodity prices, uses and transport. reported costs may also be affected by changes in accounting standards. a material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect on our profitability and operating cash flow.
we could have significant increases in capital and operating costs over the next several years in connection with the development of new projects in challenging jurisdictions and in the sustaining and/or expansion of existing mining and processing operations. costs associated with capital expenditures have escalated on an industry-wide basis over the last several years, as a result of factors beyond our control, including the prices of steel and other commodities and labor, as well as the demand for certain mining and processing equipment. increased capital expenditures may have an adverse effect on the profitability of and cash flow generated from existing operations, as well as the economic returns anticipated from new projects.
mine development projects typically require a number of years and significant expenditures during the development phase before production is possible. such projects could experience unexpected problems and delays during development, construction and mine start-up.
our decision to develop a project is typically based on the results of feasibility studies, which estimate the anticipated economic returns of a project. the actual project profitability or economic feasibility may differ from such estimates as a result of any of the following factors, among others:
●   changes in input commodity and labor costs;
●   the quality of the data on which engineering assumptions were made;
●   adverse geotechnical conditions;
●   availability of adequate and skilled labor force;
●   availability, supply and cost of water and power;
●   availability and terms of financing;
●   delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits or approvals or changes in the laws and regulations related to our operations or project development;
●   weather or severe climate impacts, including without limitation, prolonged or unexpected precipitation and/or sub-zero temperatures; and
●   potential delays relating to social and community issues, including, without limitation, issues resulting in protests, road blockages or work stoppages.
our future development activities may not result in the expansion or replacement of current production with new production, or one or more of these new production sites or facilities may be less profitable than currently anticipated or may not be profitable at all, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
we may experience increased costs or losses resulting from the hazards and uncertainties associated with mining.
the exploration for natural resources and the development and production of mining operations are activities that involve a high level of uncertainty. these can be difficult to predict and are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control. these factors include, but are not limited to:
●   industrial accidents, including in connection with the operation of mining transportation equipment, milling equipment and/or conveyor systems and accidents associated with the preparation and ignition of large-scale blasting operations, milling, processing and transportation of chemicals, explosions or other materials;
●   unexpected geological formations or conditions (whether in mineral or gaseous form);
●   ground and water conditions;
●   failure of mining pit slopes and tailings dam walls;
●   seismic activity; and
●   other natural phenomena, such as lightning, cyclonic or tropical storms, floods or other inclement weather conditions.
the occurrence of one or more of these events in connection with our exploration activities and development and production of mining operations may result in the death of, or personal injury to, our employees, other personnel or third parties, the loss of mining equipment, damage to or destruction of mineral properties or production facilities, monetary losses, deferral or unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage and potential legal liabilities, all of which may adversely affect our reputation, business, prospects, results of operations and financial position.
shortages of critical parts and equipment may adversely affect our operations and development projects.
the mining industry has been impacted, from time to time, by increased demand for critical resources such as input commodities, drilling equipment, trucks, shovels and tires. these shortages have, at times, impacted the efficiency of our operations, and resulted in cost increases and delays in construction of projects; thereby impacting operating costs, capital expenditures and production and construction schedules.
mining companies are increasingly required to consider and provide benefits to the communities and countries in which they operate, and are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations.
as a result of public concern about the real or perceived detrimental effects of economic globalization and global climate impacts, businesses generally and large multinational corporations in natural resources industries, such as newmont, in particular, face increasing public scrutiny of their activities. these businesses are under pressure to demonstrate that, as they seek to generate satisfactory returns on investment to shareholders, other stakeholders, including employees, governments, communities surrounding operations and the countries in which they operate, benefit and will continue to benefit from their commercial activities. such pressures tend to be particularly focused on companies whose activities are perceived to have a high impact on their social and physical environment. the potential consequences of these pressures include reputational damage, legal suits, increasing social investment obligations and pressure to increase taxes and royalties payable to governments and communities.
in addition, our ability to successfully obtain key permits and approvals to explore for, develop and operate mines and to successfully operate in communities around the world will likely depend on our ability to develop, operate and close mines in a manner that is consistent with the creation of social and economic benefits in the surrounding communities, which may or may not be required by law. our ability to obtain permits and approvals and to successfully operate in particular communities may be adversely impacted by real or perceived detrimental events associated with our activities or those of other mining companies affecting the environment, human health and safety of communities in which we operate. delays in obtaining or failure to obtain government permits and approvals may adversely affect our operations, including our ability to explore or develop properties, commence production or continue operations. key permits and approvals may be revoked or suspended or may be varied in a manner that adversely affects our operations, including our ability to explore or develop properties, commence production or continue operations.
our exploration, development, mining and processing operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing worker health and safety and land use and the protection of the environment, which generally apply to air and water quality, protection of endangered, protected or other specified species, hazardous waste management and reclamation. some of the countries in which we operate have implemented, and are developing, laws and regulations related to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. we have made, and expect to make in the future, significant expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations. compliance with these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs and burdens, and can cause delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain, government permits and approvals which may adversely impact our closure processes and operations.
future changes in applicable laws, regulations, permits and approvals or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could substantially increase costs to achieve compliance, lead to the revocation of existing or future exploration or mining rights or otherwise have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. for instance, the operation of our mines in the united states is subject to regulation by the federal mine safety and health administration ("msha") under the federal mine safety and health act of 1977 (the "mine act"). msha inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the mine act. if such inspections result in an alleged violation, we may be subject to fines, penalties or sanctions and our mining operations could be subject to temporary or extended closures, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. over the past several years msha has significantly increased the numbers of citations and orders charged against mining operations and increased the dollar penalties assessed for citations issued.
newmont mining corporation in addition, the united states environmental protection agency ("epa") is currently seeking to regulate as hazardous waste under the resource conservation and recovery act ("rcra") process solution streams derived from core beneficiation operations, such as our roasting operations, in nevada. historically, such streams have been considered exempt from rcra and have been regulated by the nevada division of environmental protection. the regulation of these streams as hazardous waste under rcra could subject us to civil and criminal penalties for past practices.
increased global attention or regulation on consumption of water by industrial activities, as well as water quality discharge, and on restricting or prohibiting the use of cyanide and other hazardous substances in processing activities could similarly have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position due to increased compliance and input costs.
we have implemented a management system designed to promote continuous improvement in health and safety, environmental performance and community relations. however, our ability to operate, and thus, our results of operations and our financial position, could be adversely affected by accidents or events detrimental (or perceived to be detrimental) to the health and safety of our employees, the environment or the communities in which we operate.
mine closure and remediation costs for environmental liabilities may exceed the provisions we have made.
natural resource companies are required to close their operations and rehabilitate the lands that they mine in accordance with a variety of environmental laws and regulations. estimates of the total ultimate closure and rehabilitation costs for gold and copper mining operations are significant and based principally on current legal and regulatory requirements and mine closure plans that may change materially. for example, we have conducted extensive remediation work at two inactive sites in the united states. we are conducting remediation activities at a third site in the united states, an inactive uranium mine and mill site formerly operated by a subsidiary of newmont.
any underestimated or unanticipated rehabilitation costs could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. environmental liabilities are accrued when they become known, are probable and can be reasonably estimated. whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes known, or a previously estimated reclamation cost is increased, the amount of that liability and additional cost will be recorded at that time and could materially reduce our consolidated net income attributable to newmont stockholders in the related period. in addition, regulators are increasingly requesting security in the form of cash collateral, credit, trust arrangements or guarantees to secure the performance of environmental obligations, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position. for a more detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in environmental matters, note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.
the laws and regulations governing mine closure and remediation in a particular jurisdiction are subject to review at any time and may be amended to impose additional requirements and conditions which may cause our provisions for environmental liabilities to be underestimated and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations.
producing gold is an energy-intensive business, resulting in a significant carbon footprint. energy costs account for approximately twenty percent of our overall operating costs, with our principal energy sources being purchased electricity, diesel fuel, gasoline, natural gas and coal.
a number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to the potential impacts of climate change that are viewed as the result of emissions from the combustion of carbon-based fuels. at the 18th conference of the parties (cop) to the united nations framework convention on climate change held in 2012, parties to the kyoto protocol agreed to a second commitment period of emissions reductions from 1 january 2013 to 31 december 2020, which takes the form of an amendment to the protocol. the 37 countries with binding targets in the second commitment period include australia, and all members of the european union. several annex i parties who participated in kyoto's first-round have not taken on new targets in the second commitment period, including japan, new zealand, and russia. other annex i parties without second-round targets are the united states (which never became a member to the kyoto protocol) and canada (which withdrew from the kyoto protocol effective 2012).
newmont mining corporation current and projected concentrations of certain mixed greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, in the atmosphere threaten the public health and welfare. regulations have been adopted and additional laws or regulations may be promulgated in the u.s. to address the concerns raised by such endangerment finding. to date, u.s. regulations do not impose carbon tax on our operations but may in the future. australia passed the clean energy act in 2011 that sets up a mechanism to mitigate climate change by imposing a "carbon tax" on greenhouse gas emissions and encourage investment in clean energy, which had the potential to impact our australian operations. however, the australian clean energy act was subsequently repealed, thereby removing the related "carbon tax". the current legislation, direct action, remains to be defined and it is currently unclear if it will have a cost impact on our business.
legislation and increased regulation and requirements regarding climate change could impose increased costs on us, our venture partners and our suppliers, including increased energy, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting and other costs to comply with such regulations. in june 2014, the epa proposed new rules for existing power plants under section 111(d) of the clean act that would require, if the proposed rules are enacted as currently drafted, the decommissioning or conversion to natural gas of the ts power plant in nevada by 2020. final rules are expected in 2015. until the timing, scope and extent of any future requirements becomes known, we cannot predict the effect on our financial condition, financial position, results of operations and ability to compete.
the potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate. these may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperatures. operations that rely on national hydro-electric grid power can be adversely affected by drought resulting in power load-shedding and lost production. these impacts may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of our operations.
exploration, development, production and mine closure activities are subject to regional, political, economic, community and other risks of doing business, including:
●   disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to the rigorous laws and regulations of the u.s. or other jurisdictions, including without limitation, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and the dodd-frank act;
●   royalty and tax increases or claims, including retroactive increases and claims and requests to renegotiate terms of existing investment agreements, contracts of work, leases, royalties and taxes, by governmental entities, including such increases, claims and/or requests by the governments of australia, ghana, indonesia, new zealand, peru, suriname, the u.s. and the state of nevada;
●   increases in training and other costs and challenges relating to requirements by governmental entities to employ the nationals of the country in which a particular operation is located;
●   delays in obtaining or renewing, or the inability to obtain, maintain or renew, necessary governmental permits, mining or operating leases and other agreements and/or approvals, such as the ratification of the akyem mining lease.
●   claims for increased mineral royalties or ownership interests by local or indigenous communities;
●   currency fluctuations, particularly in countries with high inflation;
●   restrictions on the ability of local operating companies to sell gold offshore for u.s. dollars, or on the ability of such companies to hold u.s. dollars or other foreign currencies in offshore bank accounts;
●   increases in costs relating to, or restrictions or prohibitions on, the use of ports for concentrate storage and shipping, such as in relation to our boddington and batu hijau operations where use of alternative ports is not currently economically feasible or in relation to our ability to procure economically feasible ports for developing projects;
●   restrictions on the ability to pay dividends offshore or to otherwise repatriate funds;
●   risk of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism;
●   risk of loss due to criminal activities such as trespass, local artisanal or illegal mining, theft and vandalism;
●   disadvantage and risk of loss due to the limitations of certain local health systems and infrastructure to contain diseases and potential endemic health issues;
●   risk of loss due to inability to access our properties or operations;
●   disadvantages relating to submission to the jurisdiction of foreign courts or arbitration panels or enforcement or appeals of judgments at foreign courts or arbitration panels against a sovereign nation within its own territory; and
●   other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over the areas in which our operations are conducted, including risks inherent in contracts with government owned entities such as unilateral cancellation or renegotiation of contracts, licenses or other mining rights.
consequently, our exploration, development and production activities may be affected by these and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, some of which could materially adversely affect our financial position or results of operations.
our business is subject to u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws, a breach or violation of which could lead to civil and criminal fines and penalties, loss of licenses or permits and reputational harm.
we operate in certain jurisdictions that have experienced governmental and private sector corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with certain local customs and practices. for example, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions, including the u.k. bribery act, generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or other commercial advantage. our code of conduct and other corporate policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, which often carry substantial penalties. there can be no assurance that newmont's internal control policies and procedures always will protect it from recklessness, fraudulent behavior, dishonesty or other inappropriate acts committed by the company's affiliates, employees or agents. as such, our corporate policies and processes may not prevent all potential breaches of law or other governance practices. violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could lead to civil and criminal fines and penalties, litigation, and loss of operating licenses or permits, and may damage the company's reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations or cause the market value of our common shares to decline.
our batu hijau operation in indonesia is subject to political and economic risks.
we have a substantial investment in indonesia, a nation that since 1997 has undergone periods of financial crises and currency devaluation, outbreaks of political and religious violence and acts of terrorism, changes in national leadership, devolution of authority to regional governments, and the secession of east timor, one of its former provinces. these factors heighten the risk of abrupt changes in the national policy toward foreign investors, which in turn could result in unilateral modification of concessions or contracts, regulatory changes that impose greater financial burdens, increased taxation and royalties (at both the national and regional level), denial of permits or permit renewals or expropriation of assets. in 2014, elections for the president of indonesia and the national parliament were held and the new administration's policies pertaining to foreign investment remain under development. in regard to issues of resource nationalism, certain government officials and members of parliament may have a preference for government or domestic company ownership of indonesia's mineral assets and mining operations, and the government has advocated policies intended to result in development of additional in-country processing and refining of minerals mined in indonesia and restrictions on exportation, including the smelting and refining and exportation of copper concentrates.
most recently, in 2014, the indonesian government issued new regulations pertaining to the export of copper concentrate that contain potentially restrictive conditions in respect of obtaining an export permit and impose a new export duty. the 2009 mining law preserves the validity of pt newmont nusa tenggara's ("ptnnt," the entity operating the batu hijau mine) contract of work (the investment agreement entered into by ptnnt and the indonesian government in 1986, which includes the right to export copper concentrates and a prohibition against new taxes, duties, and levies), and the company believes and contended that these 2014 regulations were contrary to the contract of work. after ptnnt's batu hijau mine was shut down in june 2014 due to an inability to export copper concentrate and ptnnt and its majority shareholder filed for international arbitration, ptnnt and the government entered into a memorandum of understanding in september 2014 in which, among other things, ptnnt agreed to pay higher
newmont mining corporation royalties and certain export duties and the government agreed to issue permits to allow ptnnt to export and sell copper concentrates. the government then issued a six month export permit that expires in mid march 2015. ptnnt is working with the government to amend its contract of work to resolve ongoing issues pertaining to in-country smelting and refining and export of copper concentrate. however, due to the limited smelting and refining capacity in indonesia, the 2014 regulations could result in the inability to export copper concentrate or additional financial obligations, which could adversely impact our future operating and financial results.
violence committed by radical elements in indonesia and other countries and u.s. involvement in conflicts in the middle east, may increase the risk that foreign operations owned by u.s. companies will be the target of violence. if our batu hijau operation were so targeted it could have an adverse effect on our business.
our batu hijau operation faced demonstrations by the local community in 2011 relating to a worker recruitment process, including protests and roadblocks. we cannot predict whether similar or more significant incidents will occur and the recurrence of significant opposition from the local community could disrupt mining activities and, thereby, adversely affect batu hijau's assets and operations. batu hijau also faced temporary work stoppages in 2011 and 2012, and the operation's collective bargaining agreement with the workforce expired at the end of 2014 and negotiations for a new agreement are ongoing. indonesia has seen greater worker and union activism in recent times, and a strike or protracted labor agreement negotiation could adversely affect batu hijau's operations.
we are required to apply for renewals of certain key permits related to batu hijau. for example, ptnnt utilizes a submarine tailings placement ("stp") system. the stp system is operated pursuant to a permit from the government of indonesia that was renewed in 2011. the inability to renew the stp permit, the export permit or other key permits would be expected to adversely impact batu hijau operations and may adversely impact our future operating and financial results.
our ownership interest in batu hijau has been reduced in accordance with the contract of work issued by the indonesian government and future reductions in our interest in ptnnt may result in our loss of control over the batu hijau operations.
we currently have a 31.5% direct ownership interest in ptnnt, held through nusa tenggara partnership b.v. ("ntpbv"), which is owned with an affiliate of sumitomo corporation of japan ("sumitomo"). we have a 56.25% interest in ntpbv and a sumitomo affiliate holds the remaining 43.75%. ntpbv in turn owns 56% of ptnnt, the indonesian subsidiary that owns batu hijau. in december 2009, newmont entered into a transaction with p.t. pukuafu indah ("ptpi"), an unrelated non-controlling shareholder in ptnnt, whereby we agreed to advance certain funds to ptpi in exchange for (i) a pledge of ptpi's 20% shareholding in ptnnt; (ii) an assignment of dividends payable on the shares, net of withholding tax; (iii) a commitment to support the application of our standards to the operation of the batu hijau mine; and (iv) as of september 16, 2011, powers of attorney to vote and sell the ptnnt shares (only as further security for the financing arrangement in support of the pledge, and only enforceable in an event of default). on june 25, 2010, ptpi completed the sale of approximately a 2.2% interest in ptnnt to pt indonesia masbaga investama ("ptimi"), and, to effectuate ptpi's desire to sell the shares, newmont entered into a transaction with ptimi whereby we agreed to advance certain funds to ptimi in exchange for (i) a pledge of ptimi's 2.2% shareholding in ptnnt; (ii) an assignment of dividends payable on the shares, net of withholding tax; and (iii) a commitment to support the application of our standards to the operation of the batu hijau mine. under the terms of the transaction, the company has no powers of attorney or other right to vote ptimi's shares. based on the above transactions, newmont recognizes an additional 17% effective economic interest in ptnnt. combined with newmont's 56.25% ownership in ntpbv, newmont has a 48.5% effective economic interest in ptnnt and continues to consolidate batu hijau in its consolidated financial statements.
under the contract of work executed in 1986 between the indonesian government and ptnnt, 51% of ptnnt's shares were required to be offered for sale, first, to the indonesian government or, second, to indonesian nationals by march 31, 2010. as ptpi owned 20% of ptnnt's shares at relevant times and an additional 24% stake in ptnnt had previously been divested, a final 7% stake was offered to the indonesian government in march 2010. on may 6, 2011 we announced that a definitive agreement was signed with an agency of the indonesian government's ministry of finance for the sale of the final 7% divestiture stake. subsequently, a dispute over the legality of the purchase under relevant laws and regulations arose between certain members of parliament and the ministry of finance, and the transaction never closed despite ntpbv and the agency repeatedly agreeing to extend the period for satisfying the closing conditions. upon divestment of the 7% stake, our ownership interest in the batu hijau mine's production, assets and proven and probable reserves would reduce to a 27.5625% direct ownership interest as ntpbv's ownership interest in ptnnt would reduce to 49%, thus potentially affecting our ability to control the operation at batu hijau. we will also continue to hold, however, a 17% effective economic interest in ptnnt through the financing arrangements with existing shareholders described above, and we have identified variable interest entities in connection with our economic interests in ptnnt due to these financing arrangements and shareholder commitments. therefore, we expect to continue to consolidate ptnnt in our consolidated financial
newmont mining corporation statements after the final 7% sale is completed. loss of effective control over ptnnt operations may result in our deconsolidation of ptnnt for accounting purposes, which would reduce our reported consolidated sales, total assets and operating cash flows. see note 29 to the consolidated financial statements item 2 - properties - indonesia for more information about the ptnnt share divestiture.
as part of the negotiation of the 2009 divestiture share sale agreements with pt multi daerah bersaing ("ptmdb"), the nominee of the local governments, the parties executed an operating agreement (the "operating agreement"), under which each recognizes the rights of newmont and sumitomo to apply their operating standards to the management of ptnnt's operations, including standards for safety, environmental stewardship and community responsibility. the operating agreement became effective in february 2010 and will continue for so long as newmont and sumitomo collectively own more shares of ptnnt than ptmdb. if the operating agreement terminates, then newmont may lose control over the applicable operating standards for batu hijau and will be at risk for operations conducted in a manner that detracts from value or results in safety, environmental or social standards below those adhered to by newmont and sumitomo.
the contract of work has been and may continue to be the subject of dispute, legal review, or requests for renegotiation by the indonesian government, and is subject to termination by the indonesian government if we do not comply with our obligations, which would result in the loss of all or much of the value of batu hijau.
the divestiture provisions of the contract of work have been the subject of dispute. in 2008, indonesia's ministry of energy and mineral resources (the "memr") alleged that ptnnt breached its divestiture requirements under the contract of work and threatened to terminate the contract of work if ptnnt did not agree to divest shares in accordance with the direction of the memr. the matter was resolved by an international arbitration panel in march 2009. the arbitration decision led to ntpbv divesting 24% of ptnnt's shares to ptmdb, the party nominated by the memr.
although the indonesian government has not, since the 2008 arbitration, alleged that ptnnt is in breach of the contract of work, future disputes may arise under the contract of work. from time to time, some indonesian government officials have advocated for the elimination of contracts of work and could instigate future disputes surrounding the contract of work, particularly given that batu hijau is a large business operated by a non-indonesian company. although any dispute under the contract of work is subject to international arbitration, there can be no assurance that we would prevail in any such dispute and any termination of the contract of work could result in substantial diminution in the value of our interests in ptnnt. see note 29 to the consolidated financial statements and item 2 - properties - indonesia for more information about the disputes involving the contract of work.
in january 2009, the indonesian government passed a new mining law. while the law preserves the validity of the contract of work, and therefore, ptnnt's right to operate batu hijau pursuant to the contract of work, in january 2014 the indonesian government issued new regulations pertaining to domestic processing and refining and the export of copper concentrate that contained restrictive conditions for export permits and a new export duty, which regulations conflict with the provisions of the contract of work. after ptnnt's batu hijau mine was shut down due to an inability to export copper concentrate and ptnnt and its majority shareholder filed for international arbitration, ptnnt and the government entered into a memorandum of understanding in september 2014 that set out a framework for negotiating an amendment to the contract of work and in which, among other things, ptnnt agreed to pay higher royalties and certain export duties and the government agreed to grant recommendations and permits necessary to allow ptnnt to export and sell copper concentrates. the government then issued a six-month export permit that expires in mid march 2015. ptnnt and the indonesian government have not yet reached agreement on terms for an amendment to the contract of work and no assurances can be made in respect of the outcome of such negotiations or future permit renewals. future disputes relating to the contract of work or the failure to obtain export permits could impact operating plans at batu hijau and adversely impact our future operating and financial results.
our operations at yanacocha and the development of our conga project in peru are subject to political and social unrest risks, which have resulted most recently in the rescheduling of construction activities in our conga project.
during the last several years, minera yanacocha s.r.l. ("yanacocha"), in which we own a 51.35% interest, and whose properties include the mining operations at yanacocha and the conga project in peru, has been the target of local political and community protests, some of which blocked the road between the yanacocha mine and conga project complexes and the city of cajamarca in peru and resulted in vandalism and equipment damage. we cannot predict whether similar or more significant incidents will occur in the future. the recurrence of significant political or community opposition or protests could continue to adversely affect conga's development and the continued operation of yanacocha.
construction activities on our conga project were suspended on november 30, 2011 at the request of peru's central government following increasing protests in cajamarca by anti-mining activists led by the regional president. at the request of the peruvian central
newmont mining corporation government, the environmental impact assessment prepared in connection with the project, which was previously approved by the central government in october 2010, was reviewed by independent experts, in an effort to resolve allegations around the environmental viability of conga. this review concluded that the environmental impact assessment complied with international standards and provided some recommendations to improve water management. yanacocha is currently focusing on the construction of water reservoirs prior to the development of other project facilities. however, development of conga is contingent upon generating acceptable project returns and getting local community and government support. should the company be unable to continue with the current development plan at conga, the company may in the future reprioritize and reallocate capital to development alternatives in nevada, australia, ghana and suriname, which may result in an impairment of the conga project.
the central government of peru continued to support responsible mining as a vehicle for the growth and future development of peru in 2014. however, we are unable to predict whether the central government will continue to take similar positions in the future. the regional government of cajamarca and other political parties actively opposed the conga project and continue to reject the viability of its development. we are unable to predict the positions that will be taken in the future and whether such positions or changes in law will affect yanacocha or conga. such changes may include increased labor regulations, environmental and other regulatory requirements, and additional taxes and royalties, as well as future protests, community demands and road blockages. we cannot predict future positions of either the central or regional government on foreign investment, mining concessions, land tenure or other regulation. any change in government positions or laws on these issues could adversely affect the assets and operations of yanacocha or conga, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. additionally, any inability to continue to develop the conga project or operate at yanacocha could have an adverse impact on our growth if we are not able to replace its expected production.
our company and the mining industry are facing continued geotechnical challenges, which could adversely impact our production and profitability.
newmont and the mining industry are facing continued geotechnical challenges due to the older age of certain of our mines and a trend toward mining deeper pits and more complex deposits. this leads to higher pit walls, more complex underground environments and increased exposure to geotechnical instability and hydrological impacts. as our operations are maturing, the open pits at many of our sites are getting deeper and we have experienced certain geotechnical failures at some of our mines, including, without limitation, in indonesia at the batu hijau open-pit mine and at our operations in australia, nevada, peru and waihi.
no assurances can be given that unanticipated adverse geotechnical and hydrological conditions, such as landslides and pit wall failures, will not occur in the future or that such events will be detected in advance. geotechnical instabilities can be difficult to predict and are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control, such as severe weather and considerable rainfall, which may lead to periodic floods, mudslides, wall instability and seismic activity, which may result in slippage of material.
geotechnical failures could result in limited or restricted access to mine sites, suspension of operations, government investigations, increased monitoring costs, remediation costs, loss of ore and other impacts, which could cause one or more of our projects to be less profitable than currently anticipated and could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
currency fluctuations may affect the costs that we incur at our operations. gold and copper is sold throughout the world based principally on the u.s. dollar price, but a portion of our operating expenses are incurred in local currencies. the appreciation of those local currencies against the u.s. dollar increases our costs of production in u.s. dollar terms at mines located outside the united states.
the foreign currency that primarily impacts our results of operations is the australian dollar. we estimate that every $0.10 increase in the u.s. dollar/australian dollar exchange rate increases annually the u.s. dollar costs applicable to sales by approximately $77 for each ounce of gold sold from operations in australia before taking into account the impact of currency hedging. during the majority of 2014, the australian dollar was relatively weaker than the u.s. dollar compared to 2013. the annual average australian dollar exchange rate depreciated by approximately 7% from 2014 to 2013. we hedge a portion of our future forecasted australian dollar denominated operating expenditures to reduce the variability of our australian dollar exposure. at december 31, 2014 we have hedged 21%, 12%, 8%, and 4% of our forecasted australian denominated operating costs in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018, respectively. our australian dollar derivative programs will limit the benefit to newmont of future decreases, if any, in the u.s. dollar/australian dollar exchange rates. for additional information, see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations, results of consolidated operations, foreign currency exchange rates,
newmont mining corporation below. for a more detailed description of how currency exchange rates may affect costs, see discussion in foreign currency in item 7a, quantitative and qualitative discussions about market risk.
our business requires substantial capital investment and we may be unable to raise additional funding on favorable terms.
the construction and operation of potential future projects and various exploration projects will require significant funding. our operating cash flow and other sources of funding may become insufficient to meet all of these requirements, depending on the timing and costs of development of these and other projects. as a result, new sources of capital may be needed to meet the funding requirements of these investments, fund our ongoing business activities and pay dividends. our ability to raise and service significant new sources of capital will be a function of macroeconomic conditions, future gold and copper prices, our operational performance and our current cash flow and debt position, among other factors. in the event of lower gold and copper prices, unanticipated operating or financial challenges, or a further dislocation in the financial markets as experienced in recent years, our ability to pursue new business opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, fund our ongoing operations, retire or service all of our outstanding debt and pay dividends could be significantly constrained.
any downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could increase our future borrowing costs and adversely affect the availability of new financing.
there can be no assurance that any rating currently assigned by standard & poor's rating services or moody's investors service to newmont will remain unchanged for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered if, in that rating agency's judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating so warrant. if we are unable to maintain our outstanding debt and financial ratios at levels acceptable to the credit rating agencies, or should our business prospects or financial results deteriorate, our ratings could be downgraded by the rating agencies. in november 2013, standard & poor's lowered our credit rating from bbb+ to bbb, and, in june 2014, revised its outlook to negative from stable. in january 2014, moody's investors service issued a notice that newmont's debt had been placed on "review for possible downgrade". subsequently in may 2014, moody's investors service issued a notice that newmont's debt has been downgraded to baa2 with negative outlook. we cannot make assurances regarding the outcome of the rating agencies future reviews. a downgrade by the rating agencies could adversely affect the value of our outstanding securities, our existing debt and our ability to obtain new financing on favorable terms, if at all, and increase our borrowing costs, which in turn could impair our results of operations and financial position.
to the extent that we seek to expand our operations and increase our reserves through acquisitions, we may experience issues in executing acquisitions or integrating acquired operations.
from time to time, we examine opportunities to make selective acquisitions in order to provide increased returns to our shareholders and to expand our operations and reported reserves and, potentially, generate synergies. the success of any acquisition would depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to:
●   identifying suitable candidates for acquisition and negotiating acceptable terms;
●   obtaining approval from regulatory authorities and potentially newmont's shareholders;
●   implementing our standards, controls, procedures and policies at the acquired business and addressing any pre-existing liabilities or claims involving the acquired business; and
there can be no assurance that we will be able to conclude any acquisitions successfully, or that any acquisition will achieve the anticipated synergies or other positive results. any material problems that we encounter in connection with such an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position.
our mining operations and development projects require significant amounts of energy. our principal energy sources are electricity, purchased petroleum products, natural gas and coal. some of our operations are in remote locations requiring long distance transmission of power, and in some locations we compete with other companies for access to third party power generators or electrical
we have periodically experienced power shortages in ghana resulting primarily from drought, insufficient rainfall or other circumstances, increasing demands for electricity and insufficient hydroelectric or other generating capacity which caused curtailment of production at our ahafo and akyem operations. most recently, in late january 2015, in response to power shortages in ghana resulting from insufficient rainfall, the government of ghana notified the mining industry of the need to reduce power usage, which could result in intermittent and frequent shut downs of operations. the company is in discussions with the government to explore power conservation alternatives that minimize disruptions to operations, employee incomes and government tax revenues. however, no assurances can be made that an alternative solution will be agreed to. shut downs or load shedding relating to such power shortages may result in the deferral or curtailment of production at our ahafo and akyem operations, impact plant maintenance and impact other fuel availability and costs. the need to use alternative sources of power may result in higher than anticipated costs, which will affect operating costs. continued power shortages or disruptions and increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
continuation of our mining production is dependent on the availability of sufficient water supplies to support our mining operations.
our mining operations require significant quantities of water for mining, ore processing and related support facilities. our operations in north and south america and australia are in areas where water is scarce and competition among users for continuing access to water is significant. continuous production at our mines is dependent on our ability to maintain our water rights and claims and to defeat claims adverse to our current water uses in legal proceedings. although each of our operations currently has sufficient water rights and claims to cover its operational demands, we cannot predict the potential outcome of pending or future legal proceedings relating to our water rights, claims and uses. water shortages may also result from weather or environmental and climate impacts out of the company's control. for example, the continuation of the drought in southwest australia could impact our raw water supply at boddington. while we incorporated systems to address the impact of dry season as part of our operating plans, we can make no assurances that those systems will be sufficient to address all shortages in water supply, which could result in production and processing interruptions. the loss of some or all water rights for any of our mines, in whole or in part, or shortages of water to which we have rights could require us to curtail or shut down mining production and could prevent us from pursuing expansion opportunities. laws and regulations may be introduced in some jurisdictions in which we operate which could limit our access to sufficient water resources in our operations, thus adversely affecting our operations.
we are dependent upon information technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation and integration.
we are dependent upon information technology systems in the conduct of our operations. our information technology systems are subject to disruption, damage or failure from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, cyber-attacks, natural disasters and defects in design. cybersecurity incidents, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data. various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to information technology systems and network disruptions. however, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations.
we could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded information technology systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into our operations. various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to the system implementation and modification, but system modification failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations and could, if not successfully implemented, adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
the occurrence of events for which we are not insured may affect our cash flow and overall profitability.
we maintain insurance policies that mitigate against certain risks related to our operations. this insurance is maintained in amounts that we believe are reasonable depending upon the circumstances surrounding each identified risk. however, we may elect not to have insurance for certain risks because of the high premiums associated with insuring those risks or for various other reasons;
newmont mining corporation in other cases, insurance may not be available for certain risks. some concern always exists with respect to investments in parts of the world where civil unrest, war, nationalist movements, political violence or economic crises are possible. these countries may also pose heightened risks of expropriation of assets, business interruption, increased taxation or unilateral modification of concessions and contracts. we do not maintain insurance policies against political risk. occurrence of events for which we are not insured may affect our results of operations and financial position.
our business depends on good relations with our employees.
production at our mines is dependent upon the efforts of our employees and, consequently, our maintenance of good relationships with our employees. due to union activities or other employee actions, we could experience labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect us. at december 31, 2014, various unions represented approximately 44% of our employee work force worldwide. there can be no assurance that any future disputes will be resolved without disruptions to operations.
●   negotiating agreements with contractors on acceptable terms;
●   the inability to replace a contractor and its operating equipment in the event that either party terminates the agreement;
●   reduced control over those aspects of operations which are the responsibility of the contractor;
●   failure of a contractor to perform under its agreement;
●   interruption of operations or increased costs in the event that a contractor ceases its business due to insolvency or other unforeseen events;
●   failure of a contractor to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, to the extent it is responsible for such compliance; and
●   problems of a contractor with managing its workforce, labor unrest or other employment issues.
in addition, we may incur liability to third parties as a result of the actions of our contractors. the occurrence of one or more of these risks could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
we are subject to litigation and may be subject to additional litigation in the future.
we are currently, and may in the future become, subject to litigation, arbitration or other legal proceedings with other parties. if decided adversely to newmont, these legal proceedings, or others that could be brought against us in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or prospects. for a more detailed discussion of pending litigation, see note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.
in the event of a dispute arising at our foreign operations, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or arbitral panels, or may not be successful in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdiction of courts or arbitral panels in the united states. our inability to enforce our rights and the enforcement of rights on a prejudicial basis by foreign courts or arbitral panels could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
title to some of our properties may be defective or challenged.
although we have conducted title reviews of our properties, title review does not preclude third parties from challenging our title or related property rights. while we believe that we have satisfactory title to our properties, some titles may be defective or subject to challenge. in addition, certain of our australian properties could be subject to native title or traditional landowner claims, and our ability to use these properties is dependent on agreements with traditional owners of the properties. a determination of defective title or restrictions in connection with a challenge to title rights could impact our ability to develop and operate at certain properties, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. for information regarding native title or traditional landowner claims, see the discussion under the australia/new zealand section of item 2, properties, below.
newmont mining corporation competition from other natural resource companies may harm our business.
we compete with other natural resource companies to attract and retain key executives, skilled labor, contractors and other employees. we also compete with other natural resource companies for specialized equipment, components and supplies, such as drill rigs, necessary for exploration and development, as well as for rights to mine properties containing gold, copper and other minerals. we may be unable to continue to attract and retain skilled and experienced employees, to obtain the services of skilled personnel and contractors or specialized equipment or supplies, or to acquire additional rights to mine properties, which could have an adverse effect on our competitive position or adversely impact our results of operations.
our ability to recognize the benefits of deferred tax assets is dependent on future cash flows and taxable income.
we recognize the expected future tax benefit from deferred tax assets when the tax benefit is considered to be more likely than not of being realized, otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied against deferred tax assets. assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets requires management to make significant estimates related to expectations of future taxable income. estimates of future taxable income are based on forecasted cash flows from operations and the application of existing tax laws in each jurisdiction. to the extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, our ability to realize the deferred tax assets could be impacted. in the future, our estimates could change requiring a valuation allowance or impairment of our deferred tax assets. additionally, future changes in tax laws could limit our ability to obtain the future tax benefits represented by our deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2014, the company's current and long-term deferred tax assets were $240 and $1,790, respectively.
we maintain pension plans for certain employees which provide for specified payments after retirement. the ability of the pension plans to provide the specified benefits depends on our funding of the plans and returns on investments made by the plans. returns, if any, on investments are subject to fluctuations based on investment choices and market conditions. a sustained period of low returns or losses on investments could require us to fund the pension plans to a greater extent than anticipated. during the second half of 2008 and early 2009, market conditions caused the value of the investments in our pension plans to decrease significantly. as a result, we contributed $53 and $54 to the pension plans in 2014 and 2013, respectively. if future plan investment returns are not sufficient, we may be required to increase the amount of future cash contributions. for a more detailed discussion of the funding status and expected benefit payments to plan participants, see the discussion in employee-related benefits, note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. we are incorporated in delaware and governed by the delaware general corporation law. delaware law allows a corporation to pay dividends only out of surplus, as determined under delaware law or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend was declared and for the preceding fiscal year. under delaware law, however, we cannot pay dividends out of net profits if, after we pay the dividend, our capital would be less than the capital represented by the outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. our ability to pay dividends will be subject to our future earnings, capital requirements and financial condition, as well as our compliance with covenants and financial ratios related to existing or future indebtedness. although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock and utilized a gold price-linked dividend policy as described under item 5, market for registrant's common equity, related stockholders matters and issuer purchase of equity securities, we are not required to declare cash dividends on our common stock and our board of directors may modify the dividend policy or reduce, defer or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations (dollars in millions, except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts)
the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of newmont mining corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, "newmont," the "company," "our" and "we"). we use certain non-gaap financial measures in our md&a. for a detailed description of each of the non-gaap measures used in this md&a, please see the discussion under "non-gaap financial measures" beginning on page 74. references to "a$" refer to australian currency, "c$" to canadian currency and "nz$" to new zealand currency. this item should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this annual report.
overview newmont is one of the world's largest gold producers and is the only gold company included in the s&p 500 index and fortune 500. we have been included in the dow jones sustainability index-world for eight consecutive years and have adopted the world gold council's conflict-free gold policy. we are also engaged in the exploration for and acquisition of gold and copper properties. we have significant operations and/or assets in the united states, australia, peru, indonesia, ghana and new zealand.
we continue to position the business to capture benefits of economic recovery and demand growth in the current volatile commodity market environment. our team has spent considerable time over the past twenty-one months optimizing our project portfolio so that when the time is right, we can move forward with developing projects that generate value. we are focused on providing sustainable efficiency, productivity and cost improvements over the next three years and expect to deliver significant cost and cash savings improvement initiatives. one of the programs we launched in 2013 to achieve these improvements was the full potential program ("full potential"). full potential is designed to leverage our industry experience and discipline to accelerate the delivery of business improvement opportunities across our operations and support areas, resulting in improved levels of operating cash flow.
we manage our wider project portfolio to maintain flexibility to address the development risks associated with our projects including permitting, local community and government support, engineering and procurement availability, technical issues, escalating costs and other associated risks that could adversely impact the timing and costs of certain opportunities.
projects included in our global pipeline comprise an important part of the company's growth strategy and reflect opportunities throughout the development cycle.  the most advanced projects, including early stage development and projects in or near the execution phase are described below.  the exploration, construction and execution of these projects may require significant funding to complete.
newmont mining corporation turf vent shaft, nevada. the turf no. 3 vent shaft project is in the construction phase, is planned to achieve commercial production in late 2015 and is expected to add between 100,000 and 150,000 ounces of production annually. capital costs for the project are estimated at approximately $400. the turf no. 3 vent shaft project provides the ventilation required to increase production, and decrease mine costs over the 11 year mine life at leeville.
merian, suriname. on july 29, 2014 the board of directors of newmont approved full funding for the merian project in suriname and construction began in august 2014.  following the project approval by newmont, the government of suriname granted the right of exploitation on august 22, 2014. the government of suriname opted for a 25% equity ownership in the merian project and made their earn-in payments at the end of 2014. the project allows newmont to pursue a new district with upside potential and the opportunity to grow and extend the operating life of the south american region. average life of mine estimated gold production (on a 100% basis) of 300,000 to 400,000 ounces per year is expected, once merian comes into production in late 2016. total capital spend on the project is expected to range from $600 to $700 on an attributable basis. at december 31, 2014, gold reserves at merian contained 104,700 thousand tons of probable reserves, grading 0.034 ounces per ton for 3.6 million ounces on an attributable basis.
waihi correnso, new zealand. waihi correnso is in the construction phase and is planned to achieve commercial production in 2015. total capital costs of the project are estimated at approximately $30 to $35. the project is an extension of the operating favona, moonlight and trio underground mines and will leverage the existing surface and processing infrastructure. the correnso deposit is a conventional high grade vein, and offers upside resource potential in and around waihi.
conga, peru. due to local political and community protests, construction and development activities at the conga project were largely suspended in november 2011. the results of the peruvian central government initiated environmental impact assessment ("eia") independent review were announced on april 20, 2012 and confirmed our initial eia met peruvian and international standards. the review made recommendations to provide additional water capacity and social funds, which we have largely accepted. we announced our decision to move the project forward on a "water first" approach on june 22, 2012. in the first half of 2014, a conga restart study was completed to identify and test alternatives to advancing development of the project.  following this assessment, a new plan was developed to reduce spending to focus on only the most critical work - protecting people and assets, engaging with communities, and maintaining existing project infrastructure - while maintaining optionality. newmont will not proceed with the full development of conga without social acceptance, solid project economics and potentially another partner to help defray costs and risk. total property, plant and mine development, excluding capitalized interest, was $1,609 at december 31, 2014. at december 31, 2014 we reported 303,400 thousand tons of probable reserves, grading 0.021 ounces per ton for 6.5 million attributable ounces of gold reserves and 0.28% copper for 1,690 million attributable pounds of copper reserves at conga. construction of conga and the implementation of the independent eia review recommendations will continue provided it can be done in a safe manner with risk-adjusted returns that justify future investment. should we be unable to continue with the current development plan at conga, we may reprioritize and reallocate capital to other alternatives, which may result in a potential accounting impairment. see item1a, risk factors, above for a description of political risks related to the project's development.
long canyon, nevada. the project has completed the definition stage of development for the first phase of long canyon. we have submitted the environmental impact statement ("eis") to the federal and state permitting agencies for approval, and we continue to progress the exploration program in the long canyon district. at december 31, 2014, we reported 18,400 thousand tons of probable reserves, grading 0.067 ounce per ton for 1.2 million ounces of gold reserves at long canyon. an investment decision is expected in early 2015.
tanami expansion, australia. the goal of the tanami expansion project is to increase production and lower all-in sustaining costs per ounce of the mine. incremental improvements are driven by bringing ounces forward, mining additional ounces at depth and leveraging the fixed costs of the mine and processing facilities. the scope for this project includes a ventilation upgrade, additional mining equipment, additional mine access (dual access) and increasing process plant capacity and recovery. an investment decision is expected in 2015.
ahafo mill expansion, ghana. we continue to evaluate development alternatives for this project. current engineering efforts are focused on reducing the scale of the project. the potential improved economics and feasibility of the project will be assessed, and the project considered for an investment decision in the second half of 2015.
consolidated financial performance sales decreased 13% in 2014 compared to 2013 due to lower average realized gold and copper prices and lower consolidated gold ounces sold. the average realized gold price decreased 10% to $1,258 per ounce in 2014 from $1,393 per ounce in 2013. the average realized copper price, including $28 unfavorable mark to market adjustments on provisionally priced copper sales, decreased 11% to $2.65 per pound in 2014 compared to $2.98 per pound in 2013. consolidated gold ounces sold decreased 14% in 2014 compared to 2013 due to lower production from north america primarily driven by the sale of midas and la herradura; australia / new zealand due to the sale of jundee; and lower recoveries in south america; partially offset by higher production from indonesia and africa due to a full year of commercial production from akyem. costs applicable to sales decreased 16% in 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to lower direct operating costs from continuous improvement projects, divestitures of operating assets and higher inventory adjustments in the prior year associated with lower metal prices, partially offset by the addition of akyem, which reached commercial production in the fourth quarter of 2013.
newmont mining corporation liquidity our financial position was as follows:
newmont stockholders' equity     $10,274                $9,993
during 2014, our debt and liquidity positions were affected by the following:
●   capital expenditures of $1,110;
in addition to the cash held on the balance sheet at december 31, 2014, we also maintain a $3,000 corporate revolving credit facility that matures in march 2019.  at december 31, 2014, we had no borrowings outstanding under the facility.
critical accounting policies listed below are the accounting policies that we believe are critical to our financial statements due to the degree of uncertainty regarding the estimates or assumptions involved and the magnitude of the asset, liability, revenue or expense being reported. our discussion of financial condition and results of operations is based upon the information reported in our consolidated financial statements.  the preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap") requires us to make assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of our financial statements.  we base our assumptions and estimates on historical experience and various other sources that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.  actual results may differ from the estimates we calculate due to changes in circumstances, global economics and politics, and general business conditions.  a summary of our significant accounting policies is detailed in note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies, risk and uncertainties in part ii, item 8 of this report.  we have outlined below those policies identified as being critical to the understanding of our business and results of operations and that require the application of significant management judgment.
depreciation and amortization expenditures for new facilities or equipment and expenditures that extend the useful lives of existing facilities or equipment are capitalized and depreciated using the straight-line method at rates sufficient to amortize such costs over the estimated future lives of such facilities or equipment and their components. these lives do not exceed the estimated mine life based on proven and probable reserves as the useful lives of these assets are considered to be limited to the life of the relevant mine.
newmont mining corporation costs incurred to develop new properties are capitalized as incurred where it has been determined that the property can be economically developed based on the existence of proven and probable reserves. at our surface mines, these costs include costs to further delineate the ore body and remove overburden to initially expose the ore body. at our underground mines, these costs include the cost of building access ways, shaft sinking and access, lateral development, drift development, ramps and infrastructure development. all such costs are amortized using the units-of-production ("uop") method over the estimated life of the ore body based on estimated recoverable ounces to be produced from proven and probable reserves.
mine development costs incurred after the commencement of production are amortized using the uop method based on estimated recoverable ounces to be produced from proven and probable reserves. to the extent that such costs benefit the entire ore body, they are amortized over the estimated recoverable ounces or pounds in proven and probable reserves of the entire ore body. costs incurred to access specific ore blocks or areas that only provide benefit over the life of that block or area are amortized over the estimated recoverable ounces or pounds in proven and probable reserves of that specific ore block or area.
the calculation of the uop rate of amortization, and therefore the annual amortization charge to operations, could be materially impacted to the extent that actual production in the future is different from current forecasts of production based on proven and probable reserves. this would generally occur to the extent that there were significant changes in any of the factors or assumptions used in determining reserves. these changes could include: (i) an expansion of proven and probable reserves through exploration activities; (ii) differences between estimated and actual costs of production, due to differences in grade, metal recovery rates and foreign currency exchange rates; and (iii) differences between actual commodity prices and commodity price assumptions used in the estimation of reserves. if reserves decreased significantly, amortization charged to operations would increase; conversely, if reserves increased significantly, amortization charged to operations would decrease. such changes in reserves could similarly impact the useful lives of assets depreciated on a straight-line basis, where those lives are limited to the life of the mine, which in turn is limited to the life of the proven and probable reserves.
we record stockpiles at the lower of average cost or net realizable value ("nrv"), and carrying values are evaluated at least quarterly. nrv represents the estimated future sales price based on short-term and long-term metals prices, less estimated costs to complete production and bring the product to sale. the primary factors that influence the need to record write-downs of stockpiles include short-term and long-term metals prices and costs for production inputs such as labor, fuel and energy, materials and supplies, as well as realized ore grades and recovery rates. the company recorded write-downs to reduce the carrying value of stockpiles to net realizable value of $385, $1,040 and $24 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, as components of cost applicable to sales and depreciation and amortization. the significant assumptions in determining the stockpile nrv for each mine site reporting unit at december 31, 2014 included production cost and capitalized expenditure assumptions unique to each operation, a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce, a long-term copper price of $3.00 per pound and a u.s. to australian dollar long-term exchange rate of $0.87 per a$1.00. if short-term and long-term commodity prices decrease, future processing costs increase, or other negative factors occur, it may be necessary to record a write-down of ore on stockpiles to nrv.
the nrv measurement involves the use of estimates and assumptions unique to each mining operation regarding current and future operating and capital costs, metal recoveries, production levels, commodity prices, proven and probable reserve quantities, engineering data and other factors. a high degree of judgment is involved in determining such assumptions and estimates and no assurance can be given that actual results will not differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions.
estimates of recoverable ore on the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of ore placed on the leach pads (measured tons added to the leach pads), the grade of ore placed on the leach pads (based on assay data) and a recovery percentage (based on ore type). in general, leach pads recover between 50% and 95% of the recoverable ounces in the first year of leaching, declining each year thereafter until the leaching process is complete.
although the quantities of recoverable ore placed on the leach pads are reconciled by comparing the grades of ore placed on pads to the quantities of ore actually recovered (metallurgical balancing), the nature of the leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. as a result, the metallurgical balancing process is constantly monitored and estimates are refined based on actual results over time. historically, our operating results have not been materially impacted by variations between the estimated and actual recoverable quantities of ore on our leach pads. variations between actual and estimated quantities resulting from changes in assumptions and estimates that do not result in write-downs to nrv are accounted for on a prospective basis. the company recorded write-downs to reduce the carrying value of leach pads to net realizable value of $254, $157 and $4 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, as components of cost applicable to sales and depreciation and amortization. the significant assumptions in determining the nrv for each mine site reporting unit at december 31, 2014 apart from production cost and capitalized expenditure assumptions unique to each operation included a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce and copper price of $3.00 per pound. if short-term and long-term commodity prices decrease, future processing costs increase, or other negative factors occur, it may be necessary to record a write-down of ore on leach pads to nrv.
carrying value of long-lived assets we review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. asset impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated pre-tax future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the asset. an impairment loss is measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. future cash flows are estimated based on estimated quantities of recoverable minerals, expected gold and other commodity prices (considering current and historical prices, trends and related factors), production levels, operating costs, capital requirements and reclamation costs, all based on life-of-mine plans. the significant assumptions in determining the future cash flows for each mine site reporting unit at december 31, 2014 apart from production cost and capitalized expenditure assumptions unique to each operation, included a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce, a long-term copper price of $3.00 per pound and u.s. to australian dollar long-term exchange rate of $0.87 per a$1.00. during 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded impairments of $26, $4,352, and $52, respectively, to reduce the carrying value of property, plant and mine development as part of write-down of property, plant and mine development.
existing proven and probable reserves and value beyond proven and probable reserves, including mineralization other than proven and probable reserves are included when determining the fair value of mine site reporting units at acquisition and,
newmont mining corporation subsequently, in determining whether the assets are impaired. the term "recoverable minerals" refers to the estimated amount of gold or other commodities that will be obtained after taking into account losses during ore processing and treatment. estimates of recoverable minerals from such exploration stage mineral interests are risk adjusted based on management's relative confidence in such materials. in estimating future cash flows, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset groups.
as discussed above under depreciation and amortization, various factors could impact our ability to achieve our forecasted production schedules from proven and probable reserves. additionally, production, capital and reclamation costs could differ from the assumptions used in the cash flow models used to assess impairment. the ability to achieve the estimated quantities of recoverable minerals from exploration stage mineral interests involves further risks in addition to those factors applicable to mineral interests where proven and probable reserves have been identified, due to the lower level of confidence that the identified mineralized material could ultimately be mined economically. assets classified as exploration potential have the highest level of risk that the carrying value of the asset can be ultimately realized, due to the still lower level of geological confidence and economic modeling.
derivative instruments with the exception of the call spread transactions (as described in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements), all financial instruments that meet the definition of a derivative are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded in the statements of consolidated income, except for the effective portion of the change in fair value of derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges. management applies judgment in estimating the fair value of instruments that are highly sensitive to assumptions regarding commodity prices, market volatilities, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. variations in these factors could materially affect amounts credited or charged to earnings to reflect the changes in fair value of derivatives. certain derivative contracts are accounted for as cash flow hedges, whereby the effective portion of changes in fair value of these instruments are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will be recognized in the statements of consolidated income when the underlying transaction designated as the hedged item impacts earnings. the derivative contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges are designated against foreign currency expenditures, diesel purchases, or future debt interest payments where management believes the forecasted transaction is probable of occurring. to the extent that management determines that the forecasted transactions are no longer probable of occurring, gains and losses deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be reclassified to the statements of consolidated income immediately.
reclamation and remediation obligations reclamation costs are allocated to expense over the life of the related assets and are periodically adjusted to reflect changes in the estimated present value resulting from the passage of time and revisions to the estimates of either the timing or amount of the reclamation and remediation costs. reclamation obligations are based on when the spending for an existing environmental disturbance will occur. we review, on at least an annual basis, the reclamation obligation at each mine.
reclamation obligations for inactive mines are accrued based on management's best estimate of the costs expected to be incurred at a site. such cost estimates include, where applicable, ongoing care, maintenance and monitoring costs. changes in estimates at inactive mines are reflected in earnings in the period an estimate is revised.
accounting for reclamation and remediation obligations requires management to make estimates unique to each mining operation of the future costs we will incur to complete the reclamation and remediation work required to comply with existing laws and regulations. actual costs incurred in future periods could differ from amounts estimated. additionally, future changes to environmental laws and regulations could increase the extent of reclamation and remediation work required. any such increases in future costs could materially impact the amounts charged to earnings for reclamation and remediation.
income and mining taxes we recognize the expected future tax benefit from deferred tax assets when the tax benefit is considered to be more likely than not of being realized. assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets requires management to make significant estimates related to expectations of future taxable income. estimates of future taxable income are based on forecasted cash flows and the application of existing tax laws in each jurisdiction. refer above to carrying value of long-lived assets for a discussion of the factors that could cause future cash flows to differ from estimates. to the extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, our ability to realize deferred tax assets recorded at the balance sheet date could be impacted. additionally, future changes in tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate could limit our ability to obtain the future tax benefits represented by our deferred tax assets recorded at the reporting date.
newmont mining corporation our operations involve dealing with uncertainties and judgments in the application of complex tax regulations in multiple jurisdictions. the final taxes paid are dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and resolution of disputes arising from federal, state, and international tax audits. we recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional charge to expense would result. if an estimate of tax liabilities proves to be greater than the ultimate assessment, a tax benefit would result. we recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income and mining tax benefit (expense).
costs applicable to sales decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to reduction in direct operating costs from continuous improvement projects, divestitures of operating assets and higher inventory adjustments in the prior year associated with lower metal prices, partially offset by the addition of akyem, which reached commercial production in the fourth quarter of 2013. direct operating costs decreased 9% in 2014 compared to 2013. costs applicable to sales increased in 2013 compared to 2012 due primarily to higher inventory adjustments due to lower gold and copper price assumptions.  for a complete discussion regarding variations in operations, see results of consolidated operations below.
depreciation and amortization expense decreased in 2014 from 2013 due to the sale of jundee and midas in 2014 as well as inventory adjustments during 2013 that occurred as a result of decreased metal prices. depreciation and amortization expense increased in 2013 from 2012 due to inventory adjustments as a result of decreases in metal prices. depreciation and amortization expense fluctuates as capital expenditures increase or decrease and as production levels increase or decrease due to the use of the units-of-production amortization method for mineral interests and mine development. for a complete discussion, see results of consolidated operations, below.
newmont mining corporation exploration expense decreased to $164 in 2014 from $247 in 2013 due to decreases in both brownfields and greenfields expenditures in all our regions. exploration expense decreased in 2013 from $356 in 2012 due to decreases in both brownfields and greenfields expenditures in all our regions. exploration activities in a number of countries including solomon islands, papua new guinea and cote d'ivoire have been discontinued.
during 2014, we added 1.8 million ounces to proven and probable reserves, which was offset by 5.5 million ounces of depletion. reserve additions and reductions were primarily due to reserve conversions, optimizations, model updates and updated operating costs and recoveries which resulted in net increases (before depletion) in australia/new zealand (0.6 million ounces), south america (0.6 million ounces), north america (0.4 million ounces), and africa (0.2 million ounces). in addition, we removed 2.5 million ounces from proven and probable reserves due to the divestment of la herradura, jundee and midas operations.
during 2013, we removed 4.6 million ounces from proven and probable reserves, along with 6.2 million ounces of depletion. reserve reductions were primarily due to updated models, revised designs, and a decrease in gold price assumptions which resulted in net decreases (before depletion) in australia/new zealand (2.9 million ounces), north america (1.7 million ounces), africa (0.9 million ounces), and indonesia (0.1 million ounces). south america reserves increased due to conversion of mineralized material at the merian project in suriname and at yanacocha (1.0 million ounces). the estimated impact of the change in gold price assumption on these reserve reductions was a decrease of (2.5) million ounces.
during 2012, we added 5.5 million ounces to proven and probable reserves, with 6.2 million ounces of depletion. reserve additions were primarily due to conversion of mineralized material at the merian project in suriname (1.8 million ounces), carlin underground, (1.7 million ounces) and la herradura (0.6 million ounces) with the remaining additions coming from open pit and underground sources in all regions (1.4 million ounces). the estimated impact of the change in gold price assumption on these reserve additions was an increase of 1.5 million ounces.
advanced projects, research and development expense includes development project management costs and feasibility studies. advanced projects, research and development expense decreased 27% in 2014 compared to 2013 due to the sale of la herradura, deferment of various studies, reductions in project and technical services costs, reduced spending at conga and euronimba, and the decision to advance the merian project to execution as most costs are capitalized in that stage. advanced projects, research and development expense decreased 36% in 2013 compared to 2012 due to spending decreases in nevada as well as fewer projects undertaken in other regions than originally anticipated.
write-downs totaled $26, $4,352 and $52 for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the 2014 write-down was primarily related to non-essential equipment in carlin, phoenix, corporate and other and other south america, specifically for certain assets at conga that have been sold.
the 2013 write-down was primarily related to assets at boddington and long canyon resulting from a decrease in the company's long-term gold and copper price assumptions combined with rising operating costs.
the 2012 write-down was primarily due to an impairment of the falc jv diamond project as well as write-downs of non-essential surface equipment at conga.
other expense, net was $205, $300 and $449 for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the decrease in 2014 from 2013 is due to lower community development, restructuring, and transaction/acquisition related costs. the decrease in 2013 from 2012 is due to lower hope bay care and maintenance costs and regional administration and community development expenses, partially offset by higher transaction costs related to tmac.
newmont mining corporation other income, net was $157, $349 and $278 for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the decrease in 2014 over 2013 is due to lower gain from sale of investments and foreign currency exchange gains, partially offset by a higher gain on asset sales and lower other-than-temporary impairment of marketable equity securities.  gains were recorded on the sale of midas in the first quarter of 2014 and the sale of jundee and mccoy cove, a non-operating property in nevada, in the third quarter of 2014 as well as a gain on the sale of la herradura in the fourth quarter of 2014. the increase in 2013 over 2012 is due to a gain on the sale of the canadian oil sands investment and higher foreign currency exchange gains, partially offset by higher other-than-temporary impairments of marketable equity securities and lower income from developing projects.
interest expense, net was $361, $303 and $249 for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. capitalized interest totaled $23, $88 and $107 in each year, respectively. interest expense, net increased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to decreased capitalized interest. capitalized interest decreased from capital projects being completed in the fourth quarter of 2013 at akyem and phoenix copper leach and other projects being deferred. interest expense, net increased in 2013 from 2012 due to decreased capitalized interest and higher drawdowns on the corporate revolving credit facility, as well as 12 months of interest on the 2022 and 2042 senior notes that were issued in march of 2012.
the company's income and mining tax benefit (expense) consisted of:
tax and other items income tax benefit (expense) at statutory rate               35    %          $(177   )            35    %           $1,262                35    %          $(1,090   )
reconciling items:
tax benefit generated on change in form of a non-u.s.         -                   -                 -                     -               (22   )%              694
deferred tax assets tax benefit from capital loss on sale of assets             (13   )%             65                 -                     -                 -                     -
canadian capital gains tax rate mining and other taxes                                        7    %            (34   )            (1   )%              (45   )             2    %              (77   )
state tax benefit on asset impairment                         -                   -                 2    %               62                 -                     -
u.s. tax effect of minority interest attributable to          5    %            (25   )             0    %               10                (0   )%                7
non-u.s. investees effect of foreign earnings, net of credits                   (3   )%             13                (1   )%              (19   )            (0   )%                6
income and mining tax benefit (expense)                      26    %          $(133   )            21    %             $755                28    %            $(876   )
income and mining tax expense was $133, resulting in an effective tax rate of 26%. this compares to income tax benefit of $755 and an expense of $876, or effective tax rates of 21% and 28% for 2013 and 2012 respectively. the company's effective tax rate is driven by a number of factors as illustrated in the table above. the percentage impact of these items is exaggerated during the current year due to lower pretax income. the 2014 rate differs from 2013 and 2012 due primarily to changes in the company's valuation allowance. in 2014, the company increased its valuation allowance because of stockpile inventory adjustments at batu hijau and capital losses generated during the year. this increase was partially offset by a decrease in the company's tax credits (due to tax refunds, reduction in estimated foreign taxes for the current year, settlements of income tax audits, and the impact of the jundee sale). in addition to the changes in valuation allowance, the company's effective tax rate for the current year is favorably influenced by a larger impact from percentage depletion due to the jurisdictional mix of the company's income.
the company's effective tax rate is influenced by a number of factors, including the company's income, the geographic distribution of that income, the non-recognition of tax assets, percentage depletion, changes in tax laws, and the impact of specific transactions and assessments. as a result, the company expects that the effective tax rate will fluctuate, sometimes significantly, in future periods. see note 8 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding deferred tax assets.
newmont mining corporation valuation of deferred tax assets the company accounts for income taxes using the liability method, recognizing certain temporary differences between the financial reporting basis of the company's liabilities and assets and the related income tax basis for such liabilities and assets. this method generates either a net deferred income tax liability or asset for the company, as measured by the statutory tax rates in effect. the company derives its deferred income tax charge or benefit by recording the change in either the net deferred income tax liability or asset balance for the year. mining taxes represent state and provincial taxes levied on mining operations. as the mining taxes are calculated as a percentage of mining profits, the company classifies them as income taxes. with respect to earnings derived from the operation of the company's consolidated subsidiaries, the company has not provided deferred taxes in those situations where the earnings are indefinitely reinvested (including situations where the carrying value of the net equity of such entities for financial reporting purposes exceeds the tax basis of such equity).
the company's deferred income tax assets include certain future tax benefits. the company records a valuation allowance against any portion of those deferred income tax assets when it believes, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized. the valuation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing how the company's future performance will affect tax attributes that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. our accounting for deferred tax consequences represents our best estimate of those future events. changes in our current estimates, due to anticipated or unanticipated events, could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results.
at december 31, 2014, the company's valuation allowance was $2,817, leaving net deferred tax assets of $1,242 on the company's balance sheet. realization is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income in the period for which our net deferred tax assets reverse. although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that its net deferred tax assets will be realized. the amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the temporary difference reversal period are reduced. for additional risk factors that could impact the company's ability to realize the deferred tax assets, see note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, risks and uncertainties.
in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the company considered both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realizing the deferred tax assets. if, based on the weight of all available evidence, it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will be realized; the company did not record a valuation allowance. certain categories of evidence carried more weight in the company's analysis than others based on the following factors:
·   the nature, frequency and severity of projected cumulative pretax losses, if any, in the three-year period ending december 31, 2015;
·   the nature of temporary differences and predictability of reversal patterns of existing temporary differences;
·   the sensitivity of future forecasted results to commodity prices and other factors; and
this assessment is completed on a taxing jurisdiction basis and the income projections included in our assessment are based on the following significant assumptions: a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce, a long-term copper price of $3.00 per pound and a u.s. to australian dollar long-term exchange rate of $0.87 per a$1.00. the company specifically assessed risks related to decreased commodity prices, the effect those prices would have on the company's operations, potential future impairments, and a continuation of the company's cumulative loss position.
the company concluded that, absent a material decrease to the company's long term commodity pricing assumptions, the company's ability to access its deferred tax assets in the u.s., australia, and peru that are not currently subject to a valuation allowance will not be impacted.
further, the company concluded that the net deferred tax assets of its canadian entities required a full valuation allowance. the company has also recorded valuation allowance for net operating losses in australia and france. in addition, the company retained a full valuation allowance on our tax credits in the u.s. and capital losses in both the u.s. and australia.
equity income (loss) of affiliates was $(4), $(5), and $(51) in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. the equity loss from affiliates decreased slightly in 2014 from 2013 due to decreased costs at euronimba, mostly offset by decreased earnings from la zanja.  the equity loss from affiliates decreased in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to decreased costs at euronimba.
we have a 46.94% interest in minera la zanja, s.r.l. ("la zanja"), near the city of cajamarca, peru. the remaining interest is held by compañia de minas buenaventura, s.a.a. ("buenaventura").
we have a 43.50% interest in euronimba ltd. ("euronimba"), with the remaining interests held by bhp billiton (43.50%) and areva (13%). euronimba owns 95% of the nimba iron ore project located in the republic of guinea, which is in the early stages of development.
we have a 28.75% interest in novo resources corporation ("novo"). novo owns a majority of the beaton's creek discovery with millennium minerals in the pilbara region of western australia.
income (loss) from discontinued operations includes a retained royalty obligation ("holt") from holloway mining company. holloway mining company, which owned the holt-mcdermott property, was sold to st. andrew goldfields ltd. ("st. andrew") in 2006. the company records adjustments based on short and long-term gold prices, discount rate assumptions and resource estimates published by st. andrew. in 2014, we recognized a $40 charge, net of tax benefit of $18. in 2013, we recognized a $61 benefit, net of tax expense of $28. in 2012, we recognized a $76 charge, net of tax benefit of $4. due to the nature of the sliding scale royalty calculation, changes in expected production, discount rates and gold price could have a significant impact on the fair value of the liability.
other comprehensive loss, net of tax was $301 in 2014 and included non-cash adjustments for a $107 net loss in value of marketable securities primarily related to regis resources, ltd. and gabriel resources, ltd., a $23 net loss on the translation of subsidiaries with non-u.s. dollar functional currencies, a $125 net loss related to pension and other post-retirement benefit adjustments primarily as a result of utilizing a lower discount rate and updated mortality tables, and a $46 net loss on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges due mainly to foreign currency hedge losses. other comprehensive loss, net of tax was $671 in 2013 and included non-cash adjustments for a $577 net loss in value of marketable securities primarily related to canadian oil sands trust, regis resources ltd., paladin energy, ltd. and gabriel resources ltd., a $31 net loss on the translation of subsidiaries with non-u.s. dollar functional currencies, a $152 net gain related to pension and other post-retirement benefit adjustments mainly as a result of changes in actuarial estimates, and a $215 net loss on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges due mainly to foreign currency hedge losses. other comprehensive loss, net of tax was $161 in 2012 and included non-cash adjustments for a $161 net loss in value of marketable securities primarily related to canadian oil sands trust and gabriel resources ltd., partially offset by gains related to regis resources ltd., a $14 net gain on the translation of subsidiaries with non-u.s. dollar functional currencies, a $51 net loss related to pension and other post-retirement benefit adjustments primarily as a result of utilizing a lower discount rate, and a $40 net gain on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges due mainly to foreign currency hedge gains.
consolidated copper pounds produced increased 3% due primarily to a full year of production from the phoenix copper leach facility.
costs applicable to sales per consolidated gold ounce sold decreased 9% as a result of 11% lower direct operating costs from continuous improvement projects, lower cost production at akyem and higher inventory adjustments in the prior year associated with lower gold prices. costs applicable to sales per consolidated copper pound sold decreased 30% due to accessing phase 6 ore at batu hijau, lower direct operating costs and higher inventory adjustments in the prior year associated with lower copper prices.
●   lower production from north america due to the suspension of an explosives permit related to a land dispute at la herradura; partially offset by
costs applicable to sales per consolidated gold ounce sold increased 13% due to inventory adjustments associated with lower gold prices. costs applicable to sales per consolidated copper pound sold increased 78% due to inventory adjustments at batu hijau and boddington associated with lower copper prices.
carlin, usa. gold ounces produced decreased 12% due primarily to planned stripping campaigns, partially offset by higher mill 6 throughput and higher mill 5 recovery as a result of continuous improvement projects.  costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 16% due to lower ounces sold and planned stripping campaign at gold quarry. this was partially offset by lower operating costs associated with continuous improvement projects. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 28% due to lower ounces sold and higher inventory adjustments.
phoenix, usa. gold ounces produced decreased 10% due to planned lower grades mined and lower mill throughput as a result of harder ore, partially offset by higher recoveries. copper pounds produced increased 31% due to production from the phoenix copper leach facility which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2013. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 2% due to lower operating costs as well as a higher allocation of costs to copper. costs applicable to sales per pound increased 36% due to lower
newmont mining corporation copper mill grade and higher allocation of costs to copper. depreciation and amortization increased 13% per ounce and 8% per pound due to higher amortization rates and a full year of phoenix copper leach facility in commercial production.
twin creeks, usa. gold ounces produced decreased 24% following the sale of midas as well as a planned stripping campaign. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 2% primarily due to lower operating costs associated with continuous improvement projects. depreciation and amortization per ounce decreased 30% due to the midas sale.
la herradura, mexico. gold ounces produced decreased 32% due to the sale of la herradura during the fourth quarter and the timing of leach recoveries as the mine ramped back up to full production following the receipt of the explosives permit. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 23% due to higher leach placement with the ramp up of production after receiving the explosives permit. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 31% due to the new mill and additional mining equipment as well as lower production.  on october 6, 2014, we completed the sale of our 44% interest in la herradura to fresnillo.
phoenix, usa. gold ounces produced increased 29% due to higher throughput, grade, and recovery at phoenix. copper pounds produced increased 17% due to new production from the copper leach project in addition to higher mill throughput and higher mill recoveries. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 24% due to higher allocation of costs to gold and higher processing costs due to adverse weather conditions. costs applicable to sales per pound decreased 21% due to higher copper leach production, higher mill throughput, higher mill recoveries and lower allocation of costs to copper. depreciation and amortization increased 24% per ounce and 9% per pound due to assets placed in service in 2012.
la herradura, mexico. gold ounces produced decreased 14% due to the suspension of the explosives permit related to a land dispute. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 56% due to the suspension of the explosives permit and leach pad inventory adjustments related to the suspended permits. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 84% due to the inventory leach pad adjustments.
yanacocha, peru. gold ounces produced decreased 24% due to lower leach grade placed on the leach pads as well as lower mill grade and recovery. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 33% due to inventory adjustments from a decrease in gold price in 2013, lower production, and lower by-product credits partially offset by lower worker's participation and lower headcount. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 70% due to the portion of the inventory adjustments associated with amortization, higher asset retirement costs, and lower production.
tanami, australia. gold ounces produced increased 7% mainly as a result of improved mining rates. these were primarily due to higher truck utilization and stope availability leading to higher tons mined and higher mill throughput as a result of sustainable process improvements through full potential projects. costs applicable to sales decreased 13% per ounce due to higher production coupled with lower underground mining costs as well as lower milling costs on a unit basis as a result of higher tons milled. depreciation and amortization decreased 16% per ounce due to higher production and higher reserves.
waihi, new zealand. gold ounces produced increased 20% due to higher mill throughput as a result of higher ore tons mined partially offset by planned lower ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales decreased 38% per ounce due to higher production and lower mining and milling costs on a unit basis. depreciation and amortization decreased 35% per ounce due to higher production.
boddington, australia. gold production decreased 3% due primarily to lower grade and throughput partially offset by higher recovery. copper production remained essentially in line with 2012. costs applicable to sales increased 23% per ounce and 20% per pound, respectively, mainly due to the impact of inventory adjustments from the decrease in metal prices in 2013. depreciation and amortization per ounce and per pound were in line with the prior year.
jundee, australia. gold ounces produced decreased 16% due to lower ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales increased 38% per ounce due to lower production coupled with higher operating costs related to a higher proportion of operating development drifting. depreciation and amortization increased 83% per ounce due to higher capitalized mine development and lower production.
kalgoorlie, australia. gold ounces produced decreased 3% due to lower ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales increased 28% per ounce due to the impact of inventory adjustments from the decrease in gold prices in 2013 coupled with lower production. depreciation and amortization increased 30% per ounce due to the impact of the inventory adjustments from decreased gold prices in 2013.
batu hijau, indonesia. gold production increased 58% due to higher ore grade and higher recovery as a result of accessing phase 6 ore partially offset by lower mill throughput associated with the period of care and maintenance. copper production decreased 3% due to lower mill throughput associated with the period of care and maintenance partially offset by higher ore grade and higher recovery. costs applicable to sales decreased 52% per ounce and 37% per pound, respectively, due to higher gold production, lower production costs, and inventory adjustments as a result of decreases in metal prices in 2013. depreciation and amortization decreased 43% per ounce and 23% per pound, respectively, due to inventory adjustments as a result of decreases in metal prices in 2013.
akyem, ghana. gold ounces produced increased 266% due to a full year of production from akyem. costs applicable to sales and depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 47% and 77%, respectively, due to lower grade ore processed and capitalization of mine related development costs in 2013 as compared to 2014.
foreign currency exchange rates foreign currency exchange rates can increase or decrease profit margins and costs applicable to sales to the extent costs are paid in foreign currencies. such fluctuations have not had a material impact on our revenue since gold and copper are sold throughout the world principally in u.s. dollars. approximately 41%, 47% and 51% of our costs applicable to sales were paid in currencies other than the u.s. dollar in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. our costs applicable to sales are most significantly impacted by variations in the australian dollar/u.s. dollar exchange rate. variations in the australian dollar/u.s. dollar exchange rate historically have been strongly correlated to variations in the u.s. dollar gold price over the long-term. changes in costs at australian locations due to exchange rate changes have therefore tended to be mitigated by changes in sales reported in u.s. dollars at australian locations. no assurance, however, can be given that the australian dollar/u.s. dollar exchange rate will continue to be strongly correlated to the u.s. dollar gold price in the future.
newmont mining corporation we hedge a portion of our forecasted australian dollar denominated operating expenditures. at december 31, 2014, we have hedged 21%, 12%, 8%, and 4% of our forecasted australian denominated operating costs in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018, respectively, at an average rate of 0.98, 0.95, 0.93, and 0.92, respectively.
foreign currency exchange rates have not had a material impact on our determination of proven and probable reserves. however, if a sustained weakening of the u.s. dollar in relation to the australian dollar, and/or to other foreign currencies that impact our cost structure, were not mitigated by offsetting increases in the u.s. dollar gold price or by other factors, the amount of proven and probable reserves in the applicable foreign country could be reduced as certain proven and probable reserves may no longer be economic. the extent of any such reduction would be dependent on a variety of factors including the length of time of any such weakening of the u.s. dollar, and management's long-term view of the applicable exchange rate. future reductions of proven and probable reserves could result in reduced gold or copper sales and increased amortization and, depending on the level of reduction, could also result in impairments of property, plant and mine development, mineral interests and/or goodwill.
liquidity and capital resources cash provided from operations net cash provided from continuing operations was $1,451, $1,561 and $2,388 for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and was impacted by the following key factors:
net cash provided from continuing operations was $1,451 in 2014 a decrease of $110 from 2013 due to lower average realized gold and copper prices and lower consolidated gold ounces sold, partially offset by a decrease in direct operating costs and an improvement in working capital.  cash flow provided from continuing operations during 2013 was $1,561, a decrease of $827 from 2012 due to lower gold production, a lower average realized gold price and a net increase in operating assets and liabilities.
newmont mining corporation investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $507 in 2014 compared to $1,313 and $3,264 in 2013 and 2012, respectively, for the reasons explained below.
cash additions to property, plant and mine development were as follows:
decrease in accrued capital expenditures and other non-cash adjustments            11                      88                      58
capital expenditures in north america during 2014 included $63 for the development of the turf vent shaft project, $144 for surface and underground mine development, $51 for tailings facility upgrades and $37 for capitalized components in nevada, as well as $14 for surface mine development and $7 for reserve conversion drilling in mexico. capital expenditures in south america included $37 related to the conga project, $36 for tailings and other infrastructure improvements and $27 for capitalized mining equipment components. the majority of capital expenditures in australia and new zealand were $88 for underground mine development, $48 for mining equipment and equipment components, $41 for equipment used in the process facilities and $38 for tailings and support facility construction and upgrades. capital expenditures in indonesia were $32 for capitalized mining equipment components and $21 for equipment purchases and rebuilds. capital expenditures in africa were $10 for pre-development work at subika underground, $36 for primary mining equipment and equipment components, $31 for tailings facility expansions, $12 for land purchases and $10 for mill facility upgrades. capital expenditures in corporate were $74 for the merian project development and $9 for software development and upgrades.
capital expenditures in north america during 2013 included $91 for the construction of the phoenix copper leach project, $83 for the development of the turf vent shaft project, $106 for surface and underground mine development, $60 for tailings and mill facility upgrades and $26 for other infrastructure improvements in nevada, as well as $74 for surface mine development and $28 for mill construction in mexico. capital expenditures in south america included $190 related to the conga project, $54 for tailings and other infrastructure improvements, $49 for leach pad expansions, $35 for surface mine development and $25 for mining and support
newmont mining corporation equipment. the majority of capital expenditures in australia and new zealand were $106 for underground mine development, $59 for mining equipment purchases, $55 for tailings facility construction and $44 for mill facilities and support infrastructure improvements and upgrades. capital expenditures in indonesia were $96 for equipment purchases and rebuilds, $5 for surface mine development and $4 for infrastructure improvements and upgrades. capital expenditures in africa were $240 for akyem project development, $28 for the subika expansion project and $20 for the ahafo mill expansion project, as well as $50 for equipment purchases and $12 for surface mine development at ahafo. capital expenditures in corporate were primarily related to the merian project.
capital expenditures in north america during 2012 included $57 for leeville/turf development, $47 for emigrant development, $217 for surface and underground development, $151 for leaching, tailings and other facilities, $94 for process facilities improvements and upgrades and $91 for mine and support equipment as well as $89 at la herradura primarily for surface development and mill construction and upgrades. south america capital expenditures included $261 for surface development, $110 for leach pad development and $49 for equipment and equipment component purchases at yanacocha, and $537 primarily for equipment and engineering at conga. capital expenditures in australia and new zealand included $43 for tanami shaft project development, $132 for surface and underground mine development, $108 for surface, underground and support equipment and $84 for tailings facilities construction. capital expenditures in indonesia included $132 for mining and support equipment purchases and rebuilds and $11 for infrastructure improvements. capital expenditures in africa included $89 for subika underground expansion, $68 for facility construction and upgrades and $28 for equipment at ahafo, and $388 primarily for equipment, construction and surface development at the akyem project. capital expenditures in corporate were primarily due to the acquisition of long-lead items for the merian project.
during 2014, 2013 and 2012, $65, $64 and $40, respectively, of drilling and related costs were capitalized and included in mine development costs. these capitalized costs included $31 at north america, $30 at australia/new zealand and $4 at africa in 2014; $31at north america, $11 at south america, $10 at australia\new zealand and $12 at africa in 2013 and $28 at north america, $1 at south america, $9 at australia\new zealand and $2 at africa in 2012.
during 2014, 2013 and 2012, $79, $107 and $284, respectively, of pre-stripping costs were capitalized and included in mine development costs. pre-stripping costs included nevada (mega pit) in north america and yanacocha (marleny) pits in south america in 2014; akyem (main pit) in ghana, nevada (star complex) pits in north america and yanacocha (marleny) pits in south america in 2013 and nevada (east carlin, star complex and vista surface) pits in north america and yanacocha (el tapado oeste and cerro negro) pits in south america in 2012.
acquisitions, net. during 2014, we purchased the remaining 20% noncontrolling interest in the merian project.  during 2013 and 2012, we paid $13 and $25, respectively, in contingent payments in accordance with the 2009 boddington acquisition agreement.
purchases and sales of investments. during 2014, we purchased investments of $26 and we received proceeds of $25 primarily from the sale of paladin energy ltd. securities. during 2013, we purchased corporate debt securities and other marketable securities of $1 and we received proceeds of $589 primarily from the sale of canadian oil sands securities. during 2012, we purchased corporate debt securities and other marketable securities of $220 and we received proceeds of $210 from the sale of corporate debt securities.
financing activities net cash provided from (used in) financing activities was $(65) in 2014, compared to $(212) and $689 in 2013 and 2012, respectively, for the reasons explained below.
proceeds from debt, net. during 2014, we received net proceeds from debt of $601, of which $575 was from the 2019 term loan facility.  during 2013, we received net proceeds from debt of $1,538, including $1,024 from our corporate revolving credit facility and $475 from the ptnnt revolving credit facility.  during 2012, we received net proceeds from debt of $3,524, including $1,479 from the issuance of senior notes due in 2022, $983 from the issuance of senior notes due in 2042, $180 from the ptnnt revolving credit facility and $1,246 under our corporate revolving credit facility. proceeds from the issuance of debt were partially offset by the settlement of forward starting interest rate swaps of $362.
newmont mining corporation repayment of debt. during 2014, we repaid $686, including $575 on our 2014 convertible senior notes and $100 on the 2019 term loan facility.  during 2013, we repaid $1,150, including $1,024 on our corporate revolving credit facility and $100 on the ptnnt revolving credit facility.  during 2012, we repaid $1,976, including $1,285 on our corporate revolving credit facility, $517 for repayment of the 2012 convertible senior notes and $165 related to exercising the early purchase option and related 2012 quarterly payments for the refractory ore treatment plant in nevada (classified as a capital lease).
at december 31, 2014, $141 of the $3,000 corporate revolving credit facility was used to secure the issuance of letters of credit, primarily supporting reclamation obligations (see "off-balance sheet arrangements" below).
scheduled minimum debt repayments are $165 in 2015, $222 in 2016, $799 in 2017, $43 in 2018, $1,303 in 2019 and $4,200 thereafter. we expect to be able to fund maturities of debt from net cash provided by operating activities, short-term investments, existing cash balances and available credit facilities.
sale of noncontrolling interests. during 2014 we received $108 from the government of suriname for a 25% equity ownership in the merian project.  we received $71 and $32 in proceeds, net of transaction costs, during 2014 and 2013, respectively, related to tmac's private placements to raise funds.
acquisition of noncontrolling interests. during 2014, 2013 and 2012, we advanced certain funds to ptpi, an unrelated noncontrolling shareholder of ptnnt, in accordance with a loan agreement. our economic interest in ptnnt did not change as a result of these transactions.
dividends paid to common stockholders. we paid annual dividends of $0.225, $1.225 and $1.40 per common share during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. additionally, newmont mining corporation of canada limited, a subsidiary of the company, paid annual dividends of c$1.2576 and c$1.40 during 2013 and 2012, respectively. on february 16, 2015, we declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.025 per share, payable march 26, 2015 to holders of record at the close of business on march 12, 2015. total dividends paid to common stockholders were $114, $610 and $695 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
corporate revolving credit facility effective may 20, 2011, the company entered into a new uncollateralized $2,500 corporate revolving credit facility with a syndicate of commercial banks. this new facility replaced an existing revolving credit facility which was cancelled upon the effectiveness of the new facility. the new facility provides for borrowings in u.s. dollars and contains a letter of credit sub-facility. facility fees vary based on the credit ratings of the company's senior, uncollateralized, long-term debt.  borrowings under the facility bear interest at a market based rate plus a margin determined by the company's credit rating. at december 31, 2014, the company had no borrowings outstanding under the facility. there was $141 and $173 outstanding in letters of credit at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
in may 2012, the facility was amended to increase the capacity to $3,000 and extended the original maturity from 2016 to may 2017. in march 2014, the facility was further amended to extend the maturity to march 2019
in september 2013, the company entered into a letter of credit facility agreement ("lc agreement") with bnp paribas, new york branch. the lc agreement established a $175 letter of credit facility for a three year period to support reclamation obligations.
newmont mining corporation under the lc agreement, the company transferred $153 of letters of credit from the corporate revolving credit facility to the lc agreement. at december 31, 2014, the lc agreement had a balance of $172.
debt covenants the company's senior notes and revolving credit facilities contain various covenants and default provisions including payment defaults, limitation on liens, leases, sales and leaseback agreements and merger restrictions.
the corporate revolving credit facility contains a financial ratio covenant requiring the company to maintain a net debt (total debt net of cash and cash equivalents) to total capitalization ratio of less than or equal to 62.50% in addition to the covenants noted above. furthermore, the corporate revolving credit facility contains covenants limiting the sale of all or substantially all of the company's assets, certain change of control provisions and a negative pledge on certain assets.
the ahafo project facility contains a financial ratio covenant requiring the company to maintain a net debt (total debt net of cash and cash equivalents) to ebitda (earnings before interest expense, income and mining taxes, depreciation and amortization) ratio of less than or equal to 4.0 and a net debt to total capitalization ratio of less than or equal to 62.50%.
the ptnnt revolving credit facility requires ptnnt to maintain certain financial ratios and to comply with certain terms and conditions with regards to its mine plan, contract of work, export permit and duty, dividends, financing activities, leasing, investments and other matters.
at december 31, 2014 and 2013, we were in compliance with all debt covenants and provisions related to potential defaults.
shelf registration statement in september 2012, we filed with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec") a shelf registration statement on form s-3 which enables the company to issue an indeterminate number or amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, guarantees of debt securities and warrants from time to time at indeterminate prices. it also included the resale of an indeterminate amount of common stock, preferred stock and debt securities from time to time upon exercise of warrants or conversion of convertible securities.
capital lease obligations (2)                                11                     1                     5                     3                      2
employee-related benefits (4)                               737                   102                   148                   126                    361
uncertain income tax liabilities and interest (5)            61                     -                     -                     -                     61
(3)   mining operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations in the jurisdictions in which they operate. pursuant to environmental regulations, we are required to close our operations and reclaim and remediate the lands that operations have disturbed. the estimated undiscounted cash outflows of these reclamation and remediation obligations are reflected here. for more information regarding reclamation and remediation liabilities, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
(4)   contractual obligations for employee-related benefits include severance, workers' participation, pension and other benefit plans. pension plan benefit payments beyond 2019 cannot be reasonably estimated given variable market conditions and actuarial assumptions and are not included.
(5)   we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of our uncertain income tax liabilities and interest payments beyond 2015 due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions.
(6)   purchase obligations are not recorded in the consolidated financial statements. purchase obligations represent contractual obligations for purchase of power, materials and supplies, consumables, inventories and capital projects.
(7)   other includes the accrued holt royalty of $179 and other obligations which are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements including labor and service contracts. payments related to derivative contracts cannot be reasonably estimated given variable market conditions. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have the following off-balance sheet arrangements: operating leases (see note 27 to the consolidated financial statements) and $1,865 of outstanding letters of credit, surety bonds and bank guarantees (see note 29 to the consolidated financial statements).
for information regarding these copper sales agreements, see item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - hedging, provisional copper and gold sales, below.
other liquidity matters at december 31, 2014, the company had $2,403 in cash and cash equivalents, of which $1,293 was held in foreign subsidiaries and is primarily held in u.s. dollar denominated accounts with the remainder in foreign currencies readily convertible to u.s. dollars. at december 31, 2014, $487 of the consolidated cash and cash equivalents was attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily related to our indonesian and peruvian operations which is being held to fund those operations and development projects. at december 31, 2014, $1,233 in consolidated cash and cash equivalents ($762 attributable to newmont) was held at certain foreign subsidiaries that, if repatriated, may be subject to withholding taxes.  the repatriation of this cash and the applicable withholding taxes would generate foreign tax credits in the u.s.  as a result, we expect that there would be no additional tax burden upon repatriation after considering the cash cost associated with the withholding taxes.
we believe that our liquidity and capital resources from u.s. operations and flow-through foreign subsidiaries are adequate to fund our u.s. operations and corporate activities.
environmental our mining and exploration activities are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. we have made, and expect to make in the future, expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations, but cannot predict the full amount of such future expenditures. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, $1,497 and $1,432, respectively, were accrued for reclamation costs relating to currently, recently producing or developmental stage mineral properties, of which $42 is classified as a current liability. for more information on the company's reclamation and remediation liabilities, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
in addition, we are involved in several matters concerning environmental obligations associated with former mining activities. based upon our best estimate of our liability for these matters, $192 and $179 were accrued for such obligations at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we spent $43, $36 and $39 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, for environmental obligations related to former, primarily historic, mining activities, and have classified $41 as a current liability. expenditures for 2014 and 2013 relate primarily to the dawn mill site and mine site design in washington state, the con mine in canada which was acquired as part of the miramar acquisition and resurrection, a mine site in leadville, colorado. expenditures for 2012 related primarily to the con mine, the san luis property in colorado, the mt. leyshon property in australia, which is a legacy normandy site, and resurrection. for
newmont mining corporation more information on the company's obligations associated with former mining activities, see note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.
included in capital expenditures were $131, $94 and $207 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, to comply with environmental regulations. ongoing costs to comply with environmental regulations have not been a significant component of costs applicable to sales.
forward-looking statements the foregoing discussion and analysis, as well as certain information contained elsewhere in this annual report, contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created thereby. see the discussion in forward-looking statements in item 1, business.
non-gaap financial measures non-gaap financial measures are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standard meaning prescribed by gaap. these measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization management of the company uses earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") and ebitda adjusted for non-core or unusual items ("adjusted ebitda") as non-gaap measures to evaluate the company's operating performance.   ebitda and adjusted ebitda are non-u.s. gaap measures. ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not represent, and should not be considered an alternative to, net earnings (loss), operating earnings (loss), or cash flow from operations as those terms are defined by gaap, and does not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. although adjusted ebitda and similar measures are frequently used as measures of operations and the ability to meet debt service requirements by other companies, our calculation of adjusted ebitda is not necessarily comparable to such other similarly titled captions of other companies. the company believes that adjusted ebitda provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors.  management's determination of the components of adjusted ebitda are evaluated periodically and based, in part, on a review of non-gaap financial measures used by mining industry analysts. income (loss) before income and mining tax and other items is reconciled to earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization as follows:
income (loss) before income and mining tax and other items          $506                 $(3,606    )             $3,114
ebitda                                                            $2,096                 $(1,941    )             $4,395
adjusted ebitda                                                   $2,125                  $2,324                  $4,457
management of the company uses adjusted net income (loss) to evaluate the company's operating performance, and for planning and forecasting future business operations. the company believes the use of adjusted net income (loss) allows investors and analysts to compare results of the continuing operations of the company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries relating to the production and sale of minerals to similar operating results of other mining companies, by excluding exceptional or unusual items. management's determination of the components of adjusted net income (loss) are evaluated periodically and based, in part, on a review of non-gaap financial measures used by mining industry analysts. net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders is reconciled to adjusted net income (loss) as follows:
income tax benefit from internal restructuring                  -                       -                   (59   )
costs applicable to sales per ounce/pound costs applicable to sales per ounce/pound are non-gaap financial measures. these measures are calculated by dividing the costs applicable to sales of gold and copper by gold ounces or copper pounds sold, respectively. these measures are calculated on a consistent basis for the periods presented on a consolidated basis. costs applicable to sales per ounce/pound statistics are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently.
(1)   consolidated costs applicable to sales per financial statements includes by-product credits of $68, $98 and $135 for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
(2)   consolidated costs applicable to sales per financial statements includes by-product credits of $17, $13, and $11 for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
all-in sustaining costs newmont has worked to develop a metric that expands on gaap measures such as cost of goods sold and non-gaap measures to provide visibility into the economics of our gold mining operations related to expenditures, operating performance and the ability to generate cash flow from operations.
newmont mining corporation current gaap-measures used in the gold industry, such as cost of goods sold, do not capture all of the expenditures incurred to discover, develop, and sustain gold production. therefore, we believe that all-in sustaining costs are non-gaap measures that provide additional information to management, investors, and analysts that aid in the understanding of the economics of our operations and performance compared to other gold producers and in the investor's visibility by better defining the total costs associated with producing gold.
all-in sustaining cost ("aisc") amounts are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently as a result of differences in the underlying accounting principles, policies applied and in accounting frameworks such as in international financial reporting standards ("ifrs"), or by reflecting the benefit from selling non-gold metals as a reduction to aisc. differences may also arise related to definitional differences of sustaining versus development capital activities based upon each company's internal policies.
cost applicable to sales-includes all direct and indirect costs related to current gold production incurred to execute the current mine plan. costs applicable to sales ("cas") includes by-product credits from certain metals obtained during the process of extracting and processing the primary ore-body. cas is accounted for on an accrual basis and excludes amortization and reclamation and remediation, which is consistent with our presentation of cas on the statement of consolidated income. in determining aisc, only the cas associated with producing and selling an ounce of gold is included in the measure. therefore, the amount of gold cas included in aisc is derived from the cas presented in the company's statement of consolidated income less the amount of cas attributable to the production of copper at our phoenix, boddington and batu hijau mines. the copper cas at those mine sites is disclosed in note 3 - segments that accompanies the consolidated financial statements. the allocation of cas between gold and copper at the phoenix, boddington and batu hijau mines is based upon the relative sales percentage of copper and gold sold during the period.
remediation costs-includes accretion expense related to asset retirement obligations ("aro") and the amortization of the related asset retirement cost ("arc") for the company's operating properties recorded as an arc asset. accretion related to aro and the amortization of the arc assets for reclamation and remediation do not reflect annual cash outflows but are calculated in accordance with gaap. the accretion and amortization reflect the periodic costs of reclamation and remediation associated with current gold production and are therefore included in the measure. the allocation of these costs to gold and copper is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and copper at the phoenix, boddington and batu hijau mines.
general and administrative-includes cost related to administrative tasks not directly related to current gold production, but rather related to support our corporate structure and fulfilling our obligations to operate as a public company. including these expenses in the aisc metric provides visibility of the impact that general and administrative activities have on current operations and profitability on a per ounce basis.
other expense, net-includes costs related to regional administration and community development to support current gold production. we exclude certain exceptional or unusual expenses from other expense, net, such as restructuring, as these are not indicative to sustaining our current gold operations. furthermore, this adjustment to other expense, net is also consistent with the nature of the adjustments made to net income (loss) as disclosed in the company's non-gaap financial measure adjusted net income (loss). the allocation of these costs to gold and copper is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and copper at the phoenix, boddington and batu hijau mines.
sustaining capital-we determined sustaining capital as those capital expenditures that are necessary to maintain current gold production and execute the current mine plan. capital expenditures to develop new operations, or related to projects at existing operations where these projects will enhance gold production or reserves, are considered development. we determined the breakout of sustaining and development capital costs based on a systematic review of our project portfolio in light of the nature of each project. sustaining capital costs are relevant to the aisc metric as these are needed to maintain the company's current gold operations and provide improved transparency related to our ability to finance these expenditures from current operations. the allocation of these costs to gold and copper is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and copper at the batu hijau, boddington and phoenix mines.
newmont mining corporation year ended december 31, 2014        costs         remediation        advanced         general and        other expense,      treatment and       sustaining        all-in       ounces (000)/        all-in applicable       costs (4)       projects and      administrative         net (5)          refining costs     capital (6)      sustaining         pounds         sustaining to sales (1)                      exploration                                                                                     costs          (millions)       costs per
(2)   includes by-product credits of $85.
(6)   excludes $300 of development capital expenditures, capitalized interest, and the increase in accrued capital. the following are major development projects; turf vent shaft, merian, correnso, and conga for 2014.
newmont mining corporation year ended december 31, 2013        costs         remediation        advanced         general and        other expense,          treatment and       sustaining        all-in           ounces (000)/        all-in applicable       costs (4)       projects and      administrative         net (5)              refining costs     capital (6)      sustaining             pounds         sustaining to sales (1)                      exploration                                                                                         costs              (millions)       costs per
(2)   includes by-product credits of $111.
(6)   excludes $914 of development capital expenditures, capitalized interest, and the increase in accrued capital. the following are major development projects; phoenix copper leach, turf vent shaft, yanacocha bio leach, conga, merian, ahafo mill expansion, and akyem for 2013.
newmont mining corporation year ended december 31, 2012        costs         remediation        advanced         general and        other expense,          treatment and       sustaining        all-in           ounces (000)/        all-in applicable       costs (4)       projects and      administrative         net (5)              refining costs     capital (6)      sustaining             pounds         sustaining to sales (1)                      exploration                                                                                         costs              (millions)       costs per
(2)   includes by-product credits of $146.
(6)   excludes $1,521 of development capital expenditures, capitalized interest, and the increase in accrued capital. the following are major development projects; emigrant, phoenix copper leach, turf vent shaft, yanacocha bio leach, conga, tanami shaft, ahafo mill expansion, and akyem for 2012.
newmont mining corporation operating margin per ounce/pound operating margin per ounce/pound are non-gaap financial measures. these measures are calculated by subtracting the costs applicable to sales per ounce of gold and per pound of copper from the average realized gold price per ounce and copper price per pound, respectively. these measures are calculated on a consistent basis for the periods presented on a consolidated basis. operating margin per ounce/pound statistics are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently. operating margin per ounce/pound is calculated as follows: