item 1a. risk factors we are subject to significant governmental legislation and regulation over commercial, operating and environmental matters.  railroads are subject to the enactment of laws by congress that could increase economic regulation of the industry.  railroads presently are subject to commercial regulation by the surface transportation board (stb), which has jurisdiction over some rates, routes, fuel surcharges, conditions of service, and the extension or abandonment of rail lines.  the stb also has jurisdiction over the consolidation, merger, or acquisition of control of and by rail common carriers.  additional economic regulation of the rail industry by congress or the stb, whether under new or existing laws, could have a significant negative impact on our ability to determine prices for rail services and result in a material adverse effect in the future on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.  this potential material adverse effect could also result in reduced capital spending on our rail network or abandonment of lines.
railroads are subject to safety and security regulation by the u.s. department of transportation and the u.s. department of homeland security, which regulate most aspects of our operations.  compliance with the rail safety improvement act of 2008 will result in additional operating costs associated with the statutorily mandated implementation of positive train control by 2015.  in addition to increased capital expenditures, implementation may result in reduced operational efficiency and service levels, as well as increased compensation and benefits expenses, and increased claims and litigation costs.
our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases.  the risk of incurring environmental liability - for acts and omissions, past, present, and future - is inherent in the railroad business.  this risk includes property owned by us, whether currently or in the past, that is or has been subject to a variety of uses, including our railroad operations and other industrial activity by past owners or our past and present tenants.
environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on these properties, and we could incur environmental liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which cannot be estimated reliably at this time, with respect to one or more of these properties.  moreover, lawsuits and claims involving other unidentified environmental sites and matters are likely to arise from time to time, and the resulting liabilities could have a significant effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.
as a common carrier by rail, we must offer to transport hazardous materials, regardless of risk. transportation of certain hazardous materials could create catastrophic losses in terms of personal injury and property (including environmental) damage, and compromise critical parts of our rail network.  a catastrophic rail accident involving hazardous materials could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of k 13
operations, or liquidity to the extent not covered by insurance.  we have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us.
we may be affected by terrorism or war.  any terrorist attack, or other similar event, any government response thereto, and war or risk of war could cause significant business interruption and may adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.  because we play a critical role in the nation's transportation system, we could become the target of such an attack or have a significant role in the government's preemptive approach or response to an attack or war.
although we currently maintain insurance coverage for third-party liability arising out of war and acts of terrorism, we maintain only limited insurance coverage for first-party property damage and damage to property in our care, custody, or control caused by certain acts of terrorism.  in addition, premiums for some or all of our current insurance programs covering these losses could increase dramatically, or insurance coverage for certain losses could be unavailable to us in the future.
we may be affected by general economic conditions. prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions affecting the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. economic conditions resulting in bankruptcies of one or more large customers could have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, we may be affected by energy prices. volatility in energy prices could have an effect on a variety of items including, but not limited to: the economy; demand for transportation services; business related to the energy sector, including crude and natural gas; fuel prices; and fuel surcharges. any of these items could have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.
we may be affected by climate change legislation or regulation.  concern over climate change has led to significant federal, state, and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions.  moreover, even without such legislation or regulation, government incentives and adverse publicity relating to ghgs could affect certain of our customers and the markets for certain of the commodities we carry.  restrictions, caps, taxes, or other controls on ghg emissions, including diesel exhaust, could significantly increase our operating costs, decrease the amount of traffic handled, and decrease the value of coal reserves we own, and thus could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.  such restrictions could affect our customers that (1) use commodities that we carry to produce energy, including coal, (2) use significant amounts of energy in producing or delivering the commodities we carry, or (3) manufacture or produce goods that consume significant amounts of energy.
we face competition from other transportation providers.  we are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service.  while we have used primarily internal resources to build or acquire and maintain our rail system, trucks and barges have been able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities.  any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate, or legislation granting materially greater latitude for motor carriers with respect to size or weight limitations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.
the operations of carriers with which we interchange may adversely affect our operations.  our ability to provide rail service to customers in the u.s. and canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain cooperative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, freight rates, revenue division, car supply and locomotive availability, data exchange and communications, reciprocal switching, interchange, and trackage rights. deterioration in the operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in k 14
our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies.
we rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations.  if we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties.  additionally, if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or we are unable to implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service.  any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.
the vast majority of our employees belong to labor unions, and labor agreements, strikes, or work stoppages could adversely affect our operations.  more than 80% of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions.  if unionized workers were to engage in a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations.  additionally, future national labor agreements, or renegotiation of labor agreements or provisions of labor agreements, could significantly increase our costs for healthcare, wages, and other benefits.  any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.
we may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures.  the nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, commercial disputes, freight loss and other property damage, and other matters.  job-related personal injury and occupational claims are subject to the federal employer's liability act (fela), which is applicable only to railroads. fela's fault-based tort system produces results that are unpredictable and inconsistent as compared with a no-fault worker's compensation system.  the variability inherent in this system could result in actual costs being very different from the liability recorded.
any material changes to current litigation trends or a catastrophic rail accident involving any or all of freight loss  property damage, personal injury, and environmental liability could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity to the extent not covered by insurance.  we have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages.  specified levels of risk are retained on a self-insurance basis (currently up to $50 million and above $1.2 billion per occurrence and/or policy year for bodily injury and property damage to third parties and up to $25 million and above $200 million per occurrence and/or policy year for property owned by us or in our care, custody, or control).  insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us.
severe weather could result in significant business interruptions and expenditures.  severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena, including hurricanes, floods, fires, and earthquakes, may cause significant business interruptions and result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.
unpredictability of demand for rail services resulting in the unavailability of qualified personnel could adversely affect our operational efficiency and ability to meet demand.  workforce demographics, training requirements, and the availability of qualified personnel, particularly engineers and trainmen, could each have a negative impact on our ability to meet demand for rail service.  unpredictable increases in demand for rail services may exacerbate such risks, which could have a negative impact on our operational efficiency and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.
we may be affected by supply constraints resulting from disruptions in the fuel markets or the nature of some of our supplier markets. we consumed 494 million gallons of diesel fuel in 2014. fuel availability could be affected by any limitation in the fuel supply or by any imposition of mandatory allocation or rationing regulations. a severe fuel supply shortage arising from production curtailments, increased demand in existing or emerging k 15
foreign markets, disruption of oil imports, disruption of domestic refinery production, damage to refinery or pipeline infrastructure, political unrest, war or other factors, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. also, such an event could impact us as well as our customers and other transportation companies.
due to the capital intensive nature, as well as the industry-specific requirements of the rail industry, high barriers of entry exist for potential new suppliers of core railroad items, such as locomotives and rolling stock equipment. additionally, we compete with other industries for available capacity and raw materials used in the production of locomotives and certain track and rolling stock materials. changes in the competitive landscapes of these limited-supplier markets could result in increased prices or significant shortages of materials that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.
the state of capital markets could adversely affect our liquidity.  from time-to-time we rely on the capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements, including the issuance of long-term debt instruments and commercial paper, as well as the sale of certain receivables.  significant instability or disruptions of the capital markets, including the credit markets, or deterioration of our financial condition due to internal or external factors could restrict or eliminate our access to, and/or significantly increase the cost of, various financing sources, including bank credit facilities and issuance of corporate bonds.  instability or disruptions of the capital markets and deterioration of our financial condition, alone or in combination, could also result in a reduction in our credit rating to below investment grade, which could prohibit or restrict us from accessing external sources of short- and long-term debt financing and/or significantly increase the associated costs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations norfolk southern corporation and subsidiaries the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes and the selected financial data.
overview we are one of the nation's premier transportation companies.  our norfolk southern railway company subsidiary operates approximately 20,000 miles of road in 22 states and the district of columbia, serves every major container port in the eastern united states, and provides efficient connections to other rail carriers.  we operate the most extensive intermodal network in the east and are a major transporter of coal, automotive, and industrial products.
strong volume growth in our intermodal and merchandise businesses driven by higher demand for rail services offset declines in our coal business, resulting in a $379 million, or 3%, improvement in our operating revenues. our continued focus on cost control helped stem growth in operating expenses (up $61 million, or 1%) despite higher volumes and led to an all-time low operating ratio (a measure of the amount of operating revenues consumed by operating expenses) of 69.2% for 2014.
the unexpected volume growth and severe winter weather led to resource shortages and network delays during the year. we are committed to improving our service and have added resources to meet the needs of our network. as a result of these efforts, in the latter part of the year we saw improvement in operational metrics and expect this to continue in 2015.
looking forward to 2015, we expect the impact of lower oil prices on our fuel surcharge revenue programs to be offset by increased volumes and higher rates.  we will continue to focus on safety, service levels, cost control, productivity, operational efficiency, and a market-based approach to pricing.
2014 compared with 2013
net income in 2014 was $2.0 billion, or $6.39 per diluted share, up $90 million, or 5%, compared with $1.9 billion, or $6.04 per diluted share, in 2013, as a 10% increase in income from railway operations was only partially offset by the absence of a gain from a land sale in michigan, which benefited net income by $60 million and earnings per share by $0.19 in 2013. railway operating revenues rose 3%, while operating expenses increased only 1%, driven largely by higher volume-related expenses that were offset in part by lower compensation and benefits costs and fuel prices.
2013 compared with 2012
net income in 2013 was $1.9 billion, or $6.04 per diluted share, up $161 million, or 9%, compared with
$1.7 billion, or $5.37 per diluted share, in 2012, a reflection of a 4% increase in income from railway operations, in addition to the favorable impact of the recognition of the gain from a land sale in michigan (see above). railway operating revenues rose 2%, while operating expenses increased 1%, driven largely by higher volume-related expenses.
detailed results of operations railway operating revenues railway operating revenues were $11.6 billion in 2014, $11.2 billion in 2013, and $11.0 billion in 2012.  the following table presents a three-year comparison of revenues, volumes, and average revenue per unit by market group.
revenues                                                    units                                            revenue per unit
($ in millions)                                           (in thousands)                                                ($ per unit)
revenues increased $379 million in 2014, and $205 million in 2013.  as reflected in the table below, the increase in 2014 resulted from higher volumes, partially offset by lower average revenue per unit as the effects of lower rates and changes in the mix of business more than offset higher fuel surcharges.  the increase in 2013 resulted from higher volumes, partially offset by lower average revenue per unit as lower market-based export coal rates, the effects of changes in the mix of business, and slightly lower fuel surcharges more than offset rate increases.
volume (units)                $512                                $363
revenue per unit              (133        )                       (158        )
over 85% of our revenue base is covered by negotiated fuel surcharges, and revenues in 2014 included $1,329 million of such surcharges. this amount was divided about evenly between surcharges tied to the monthly average price of west texas intermediate crude oil (wti) and surcharges tied to the weekly average price of on-highway diesel (ohd). more than two-thirds of the 2014 wti-based surcharges were attributable to contracts with trigger prices above current wti levels of about $50 per barrel (a predominant trigger price is $64 per barrel); therefore, if wti prices remain below these triggers, traffic moving under these contracts will not be assessed any fuel surcharge. almost all of the remaining wti-based surcharges have trigger prices well below current wti levels, and almost all of the ohd-based surcharges have trigger prices substantially below current ohd levels (of about $3 per gallon). as a result, if wti and ohd prices remain at their current levels, traffic moving under these k 22
two of our customers, dupont and sunbelt chlor alkai partnership (sunbelt), filed rate reasonableness complaints before the surface transportation board (stb) alleging that our tariff rates for transportation of regulated movements are unreasonable. since june 1, 2009, in the case of dupont, and april 1, 2011, in the case of sunbelt, we have been billing and collecting amounts based on the challenged tariff rates. on march 14, 2014, the stb resolved dupont's rate reasonableness complaint in our favor, and on june 20, 2014, the stb resolved sunbelt's rate case in our favor. the stb's findings in both cases remain subject to technical corrections, requests for reconsideration, and appeal. we believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. with regard to rate cases, we record adjustments to revenues in the periods if and when such adjustments are probable and estimable.
coal revenues decreased $161 million, or 6%, compared with 2013, reflecting a 5% decrease in carload volume.  average revenue per unit was down 2%, the result of lower pricing (mainly market-based export coal) and the negative effect of changes in mix.
in 2013, coal revenues decreased $336 million, or 12%, compared with 2012, reflecting a 5% decrease in carload volume (tonnage hauled declined 4%).  average revenue per unit was down 7%, the result of lower pricing (mainly market-based export coal) and decreased fuel surcharge revenue, partially offset by the positive effect of changes in mix.
for 2015, coal revenues are expected to decrease due to lower average revenue per unit (largely a result of lower fuel surcharge revenue) and decreased volumes.
coal represented 21% of our revenues in 2014, and 79% of shipments handled originated on our lines.  as shown in the following table, tonnage decreased in our export, utility, and domestic metallurgical markets but increased in our industrial markets.
utility                   93,884              97,146             101,636
utility coal tonnage was down 3% in 2014, compared with 2013.  lower utility coal shipments to our northern region due to market share loss and competition from lower priced natural gas were offset in part by gains in our southern region, resulting from strong demand for electric generation and stockpile rebuilding after a harsh winter.
utility coal tonnage was down 4% in 2013 as compared to 2012. utility coal shipments in our southern region decreased due to lower demand as utility stockpiles remained high and natural gas prices remained low. this k 23
decrease was partially offset by increased shipments in our northern region as higher coal burn necessitated stockpile replenishments to maintain targeted levels.
for 2015, we expect utility coal tonnage to decrease as we expect lower demand resulting from a decline in natural gas prices and reduced coal burn at southern utilities we serve.
export coal tonnage decreased 19% in 2014, compared with 2013.  strong competition in the global metallurgical and thermal coal markets resulting from excess coal supply, weakening economies in the global market, and a strong australian currency advantage significantly reduced demand for u.s. export coal.  volume through norfolk was down 4.3 million tons, or 20%, and volume through baltimore was down 0.5 million tons, or 8%.  other export volume decreased 0.6 million tons, or 85%.
in 2013, export coal tonnage increased 1%, compared with 2012. despite strong global competition, we handled higher export thermal and metallurgical coal shipments as an increase in steel production in developing markets offset weakness in the european market. volume through norfolk was up 2.1 million tons, or 11%, whereas baltimore volume decreased 1.4 million tons, or 17%. other export volume decreased 0.4 million tons, or 36%.
for 2015, export coal tonnage is expected to decrease as a result of strong competition in the overseas metallurgical coal market, in addition to soft demand for and an oversupply of thermal coal.
domestic metallurgical coal tonnage was down 5% in 2014, compared with 2013, as lower metallurgical coal shipments resulting from plant curtailments and customer sourcing shifts were offset in part by higher shipments of coke.
in 2013, domestic metallurgical coal tonnage was down 10%, compared with 2012, due to weaker domestic steel production, sourcing shifts away from coal origins we serve, and the permanent closure of a steel plant in mid-2012 that impacted the year-over-year comparison for the first half of 2013.
industrial coal tonnage increased 16% in 2014, compared with 2013, as new business opportunities with existing customers was partially offset by declines in anthracite and petcoke shipments.
in 2013, industrial coal tonnage increased slightly compared with 2012, as increased shipments to existing customers were partially offset by weaker industrial demand in the print paper and cement sectors.
general merchandise revenues in 2014 increased $362 million, or 6%, compared with 2013, reflecting 5% growth in carload volume and a 1% improvement in average revenue per unit that reflected favorable changes in fuel surcharge revenue and in mix.
in 2013, general merchandise revenues increased $398 million, or 7%, compared with 2012, reflecting 4% growth in carload volume and a 3% improvement in average revenue per unit that reflected favorable changes in mix as well as higher rates and fuel surcharges.
chemicals revenues in 2014 increased 12%, compared with 2013, reflecting volume growth (up 12%) largely driven by higher shipments of crude oil originated from the bakken and canadian oil fields and growth in shipments of liquefied petroleum gas in the utica shale region.
in 2013, chemicals revenues increased 14%, compared with 2012, reflecting 16% growth in volume partially offset by a 2% decline in average revenue per unit that resulted from the negative effect of the changes in mix due to increased crude oil shipments.  the volume improvement was primarily the result of more carloads of crude oil from the bakken and canadian oil fields.  additionally, there were more carloads of liquefied petroleum gas in the utica shale region.
for 2015, chemicals revenues are anticipated to increase, as we expect more shipments of crude oil and liquefied petroleum gas. however, a prolonged period of low oil prices could put pressure on demand for crude by rail. average revenue per unit is expected to be lower, largely a result of the anticipated reduction in fuel surcharge revenue and the negative mix effect of the volume increase in lower-rated shipments.
metals and construction revenues grew 8% in 2014, compared with 2013.  the revenue improvement resulted from a 9% increase in carloads, as we moved more shipments of fractionating sand for natural gas drilling, in addition to higher coil shipments to support growing demand in the automotive and energy sectors, and increased shipments of iron and steel as a result of higher import activity.
in 2013, metals and construction revenues increased 5% compared with 2012.  the improvement resulted from 6% higher average revenue per unit, which reflected the positive change in mix of business as we transported higher-rated shipments of slag and fractionating sand for natural gas drilling, higher rates, and increased fuel surcharges.  although we moved more slag and fractionating carloads, volume declined modestly as we handled reduced shipments of iron and steel (driven by fewer import slabs and a steel plant closure during the third quarter of 2012) and scrap metal (a result of weakening demand).
for 2015, metals and construction revenues are expected to decline, reflecting lower average revenue per unit as a result of the anticipated decline in fuel surcharge revenue, partially offset by improved volumes. we currently anticipate higher shipments of fractionating sand and other materials used for natural gas drilling, as well as additional shipments of aggregates due to growth in road construction activity and steel used by the automotive and energy sectors.
agriculture, consumer products, and government revenues increased 2% in 2014, compared with 2013, as a result of a 2% improvement in volume and a 1% improvement in average revenue per unit, due primarily to higher rates that were slightly offset by a negative change in mix.  the volume increase was driven by higher corn shipments due to increased demand for ethanol production, partially offset by fewer shipments of fertilizer due to production curtailments.
in 2013, agriculture, consumer products, and government revenues increased 1% compared with 2012, as a 2% improvement in average revenue per unit (reflecting pricing improvements that were slightly offset by a negative change in mix related to the increase of lower-rated shorter-haul movements of corn) was partially offset by a slight decrease in volume.  the volume decrease was driven by reduced shipments of soybeans and related products caused by tightened supplies of domestic beans and a strong south american crop, in addition to fewer revenue movements of empty equipment.  carload volume declines were partially offset by higher shipments of food oils as we handled new business with existing customers and more biodiesel carloads in advance of the anticipated elimination of the biodiesel tax credit.  we also hauled more shipments of fertilizer due to a strong farm economy and increased planting activity.
for 2015, agriculture, consumer products, and government revenues are expected to be flat as we expect higher volumes will be offset by lower average revenue per unit reflecting lower fuel surcharges offset in part by pricing gains.  volume growth is anticipated to come from higher shipments of soybeans as we return to a more normal crop cycle, more carloads of ethanol, and growth in feed product shipments as a result of increased export opportunities.
in 2013, automotive revenues rose 10% compared to 2012, reflecting 7% growth in volume due to increased vehicle production at plants we serve and new business from existing customers (including both auto parts and finished vehicles).  average revenue per unit improved 2%, reflecting improved pricing and higher fuel surcharges.
for 2015, automotive revenues are expected to slightly decrease as a result of lower average revenue per unit as lower fuel surcharges are expected to offset improved pricing. these average revenue per unit declines are expected to be partially offset by volume gains driven by a continued increase in domestic production at plants we serve and the return of diverted traffic.
paper, clay and forest products revenues were flat as a 2% improvement in average revenue per unit (reflecting pricing gains and positive mix) was offset by a 2% decrease in volumes.  volume declines were driven by reduced shipments of municipal solid waste resulting from loss of business, lower shipments of newsprint and paper due to mill and plant closures, and fewer pulp shipments due to production issues and reduced export demand. these declines were offset in part by higher lumber shipments resulting from the continued housing recovery and new business.
in 2013, paper, clay and forest products revenues increased 3% compared with 2012, reflecting 1% gains in both volume and average revenue per unit.  volume increases for lumber, pulp, and pulpboard were offset by reduced demand for newsprint and paper.
intermodal revenues increased $178 million, or 7%, compared with 2013, reflecting an 8% growth in volume.
domestic volume (including truckload and intermodal marketing companies, triple crown services, and premium business) improved 6%, a result of growth in strategic corridors, continued highway-to-rail conversions, and higher demand for rail service from existing customers.  international volume grew 10% due to increased demand from existing customers and expanded service opportunities.
in 2013, intermodal revenues increased $143 million, or 6%, compared with 2012, reflecting a 6% growth in volume.  average revenue per unit was flat.  domestic volume improved 7%, the result of continued highway-to-rail conversions and additional business associated with the opening of new intermodal terminals.  international volume grew 6% due to growth with existing customers as well as new service lanes.
for 2015, we anticipate higher intermodal revenues due to increased volumes as a result of continued highway conversions and growth associated with new and existing customers. average revenue per unit is expected to be lower as pricing gains are offset by reduced fuel surcharge revenue.
railway operating expenses railway operating expenses in 2014 were $8.0 billion, up $61 million, or 1%, compared to 2013.  expenses in 2013 were $8.0 billion, up $72 million, or 1%, compared to 2012.  in 2014, increases in volume-related costs were offset in part by lower postretirement and pension benefit costs as well as lower fuel prices.  for 2013, higher wage rates and volume-related expense increases were offset in part by lower costs resulting from network efficiencies.
compensation and benefits                 (105        )                         42
volume growth in 2014 and 2013 drove increases in locomotive and equipment maintenance and repair costs for both years. additionally, the harsh winter weather experienced in the first quarter of 2014 resulted in increased maintenance activity, which negatively impacted the year-over-year comparison. casualties and other claims expenses include the estimates of costs related to personal injury (pi), property damage, and environmental matters.  the increase in expense in 2014 reflected lower favorable pi reserve adjustments for prior years' claim amounts than those seen in 2013, which were driven by improved historical trend rates related to pi liabilities.
we maintain substantial amounts of insurance for potential third-party liability and property damage claims.  we also retain reasonable levels of risk through self-insurance. for further discussion of casualty claims and insurance see note 16.
purchased services and rents includes the costs of services purchased from outside contractors, including the net costs of operating joint (or leased) facilities with other railroads and the net cost of equipment rentals.  this category of expenses increased $58 million, or 4%, in 2014, and $25 million, or 2%, in 2013.
the increase in 2014 for purchased services expense reflected the impact of higher volumes and reduced network velocity on intermodal operations and joint facilities costs. additionally, higher maintenance and repair costs were offset in part by reduced expenses associated with the shared asset areas (including equity in the earnings of conrail, see note 5).  the increase in 2013 reflected higher volume-related activities and software expenses, partially offset by lower professional and consulting fees and travel expenses.
equipment rents, which includes our cost of using equipment (mostly freight cars) owned by other railroads or private owners less the rent paid to us for the use of our equipment, increased in 2014 as a result of higher volumes and network congestion, but decreased in 2013 as a result of increased velocity and improved equipment utilization.
depreciation expense increased by $35 million, or 4%, in 2014, and was flat in 2013. both periods reflected our larger roadway and equipment capital base as we continue to invest in our infrastructure and rolling stock.  in 2013, that increase was completely offset by the favorable impact of an equipment depreciation study that was completed during the first quarter of 2013.
fuel expense, which includes the cost of locomotive fuel as well as other fuel used in railway operations, decreased $39 million, or 2%, in 2014 but increased $36 million, or 2%, in 2013.  the decrease in 2014 was principally the result of lower locomotive fuel prices (down 6%), offset in part by higher locomotive fuel consumption (up 4%). the increase in 2013 reflected higher locomotive fuel consumption (up 4%), offset in part by lower locomotive fuel prices (down 2%). we consumed approximately 494 million gallons of diesel fuel in 2014 compared with 476 million gallons in 2013. should fuel prices remain at current levels, we would expect to see a significant savings in fuel expenses in 2015 as compared to 2014.
compensation and benefits, which represents 36% of total operating expenses, decreased $105 million, or 3%, in 2014, reflecting changes in:
•   postretirement and pension benefit costs (down $152 million),
•   health and welfare benefit costs (down $25 million),
in 2013, compensation and benefits increased $42 million, or 1% over 2012, reflecting changes in:
•   lower activity levels (down $48 million) that reflected improved employee productivity, and
our employment averaged 29,482 in 2014, compared with 30,103 in 2013, and 30,943 in 2012.  looking forward to 2015, we expect employment levels to be higher than 2014 as we continue to add resources to our network.
income taxes income tax expense in 2014 was $1.1 billion, an effective rate of 36.2%, compared with 35.6% in 2013 and 36.6% in 2012.  the 2014 and 2013 years benefited from favorable reductions in deferred tax expense for state law changes and certain business tax credits.
the tax increase prevention act of 2014 (2014 act), enacted on december 19, 2014, extended for the year 2014 fifty-percent bonus depreciation and certain business tax credits that benefit us. while bonus depreciation does not affect our total provision for income taxes or effective rate, the absence of bonus depreciation will increase current income tax expense and the related cash outflows for the payment of income taxes. the effect of this tax legislation will be seen as a reduction in our 2015 cash outflows for income taxes as our required year-end estimated tax payment was due and paid before the 2014 act was enacted.
irs examinations have been completed for all years prior to 2011. our consolidated federal income tax returns for 2011 and 2012 are currently being audited by the irs. we anticipate that the irs will complete its examination in 2015. we do not expect that the resolution of the examination will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources cash provided by operating activities, our principal source of liquidity, was $2.9 billion in 2014 and $3.1 billion in both 2013 and 2012.  the decrease in 2014 reflected increased tax payments (see above), offset in part by improved operating results. we had working capital of $998 million at december 31, 2014, compared with $770 million at december 31, 2013, primarily reflecting reduced current maturities of long-term debt.  cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment balances totaled $973 million and $1.6 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and were invested in accordance with our corporate investment policy as approved by the board of directors.  the portfolio contains securities that are subject to market risk.  there are no limits or restrictions on our access to these assets.  we expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations.
contractual obligations at december 31, 2014, were comprised of interest on fixed-rate long-term debt and capital leases, long-term debt and capital leases (note 8), operating leases (note 9), agreements with crc (note 5), unconditional purchase obligations (note 16), long-term advances from conrail (note 5), and unrecognized tax benefits (note 3):
interest on fixed-rate long-term debt and capital lease principal                    $12,798                $515                $966                  $822                     $10,495               $-
long-term debt and capital lease principal       9,400                   2               1,050                 1,185                       7,163               -
agreements with crc                                340                  36                  72                    72                         160               -
unconditional purchase obligations                 879                 508                 366                     5                           -               -
unrecognized tax benefits*                          61                  29                   -                     -                           -            32
* when the amount and timing of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits can be reasonably estimated, the amount is shown in the table under the appropriate period.  when the year of settlement cannot be reasonably estimated, the amount is shown in the other column.
cash used in investing activities was $2.0 billion in 2014, compared with $1.9 billion in 2013, and $2.0 billion in 2012.  the increase in 2014 primarily reflected increased use of cash for property additions and coli investments, which were partially offset by higher short-term investment maturities. the decrease in 2013 resulted from lower property additions and property sales that were partially offset by increased investment purchases, net of sales.
property additions account for most of the recurring spending in this category.  the following tables show capital spending (including capital leases) and track and equipment statistics for the past five years.
property additions
track structure statistics (capital and maintenance)
for 2015, we have budgeted $2.4 billion for property additions.  the anticipated spending includes $930 million for the normalized replacement of rail, ties and ballast and the improvement or replacement of bridges.  planned equipment spending of $640 million includes used and rebuilt locomotives, intermodal containers and chasis, coal cars, covered and open coil cars, mill gondolas, multilevel automobile racks, and covered hoppers.  investments in facilities and terminals are anticipated to be $240 million and include terminals and equipment to add capacity to our intermodal network (including crescent corridor), new or expanded bulk transfer facilities, improvements to vehicle distribution facilities, and upgrades and expansions of our mechanical service shops.  for 2015, we have budgeted $220 million for the continued implementation of positive train control (ptc) and expect post-2015 ptc-related property additions to total over $450 million.  we also expect to spend $100 million on infrastructure improvements to increase mainline capacity, accommodate business growth and provide our share of funding for various public/private partnership investments such as crescent corridor and the chicago create project.  technology investments of $70 million are planned for new or upgraded systems and computers.
additionally, in november 2014 we announced a proposed transaction under which we would acquire 282 miles of the delaware & hudson railway co. (d&h) rail line between sunbury, pennsylvania and schenectady, new york for $217 million. the acquisition of this property is subject to approval by the stb and if approved, expected to be completed in 2015.
the crescent corridor consists of a program of projects for infrastructure and other facility improvements geared toward creating a seamless, high-capacity intermodal route spanning 11 states from new jersey to louisiana and offering truck-competitive service along several major interstate highway corridors, including i-81, i-85, i-20, i-40, i-59, i-78, and i-75.  based on the public benefits that stand to be derived in the form of highway congestion relief, we plan to implement certain elements of the crescent corridor through a series of public-private partnerships.  currently, the crescent corridor has received or expects to receive a total of $312 million in public capital funding commitments from the commonwealths of pennsylvania and virginia, the state of tennessee, the federal tiger stimulus program and other federal funding sources related to projects in alabama, pennsylvania, tennessee, and north carolina.  with respect to the private funding component, we currently anticipate spending up to $344 million ($291 million of which has been spent to date) for the substantial completion of work on these projects, which is expected in 2015.  this includes planned investments for the crescent corridor that approximate $42 million in 2015.  if and when demand warrants, additional improvements and expansions beyond these amounts may be made to the crescent corridor.
cash used in financing activities was $1.3 billion in 2014, compared with $394 million in 2013, and $694 million in 2012.  the increase in 2014 was driven primarily by higher debt repayments and lower debt proceeds, partially k 31
offset by reduced share repurchase activity (see note 14).  the change in 2013 reflected lower share repurchases and reduced proceeds from borrowings, net of debt repayments.
share repurchases totaled $318 million in 2014, $627 million in 2013, and $1.3 billion in 2012 for the purchase and retirement of 3.1 million, 8.3 million, and 18.8 million shares, respectively.  on august 1, 2012, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 50 million shares of common stock through december 31, 2017, and 35.2 million shares remain under this authority as of december 31, 2014.  the timing and volume of future share repurchases will be guided by our assessment of market conditions and other pertinent factors.  any near-term purchases under the program are expected to be made with internally generated cash, cash on hand, or proceeds from borrowings.
during the fourth quarter of 2013, we issued $400 million of 3.85% senior notes due 2024.  during the third quarter of 2013, we issued $500 million of 4.80% senior notes due 2043.  our debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 42.1% at december 31, 2014, compared with 45.6% at december 31, 2013.
we further discuss our current securities issuance authority from our our board of directors, our credit agreement, and our accounts receivable securitization program in note 8 of our notes to consolidated financial statements, all of which provide for additional access to liquidity should the need arise.
upcoming annual debt maturities are relatively modest (note 8).  overall, our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles.
application of critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.  these estimates and assumptions may require significant judgment about matters that are inherently uncertain, and future events are likely to occur that may require us to make changes to these estimates and assumptions.  accordingly, we regularly review these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.  we regularly discuss the development, selection, and disclosures concerning critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors.
pensions and other postretirement benefits accounting for pensions and other postretirement benefit plans requires us to make several estimates and assumptions (note 11).  these include the expected rate of return from investment of the plans' assets, projected increases in medical costs, and the expected retirement age of employees as well as their projected earnings and mortality.  in addition, the amounts recorded are affected by changes in the interest rate environment because the associated liabilities are discounted to their present value.  we make these estimates based on our historical experience and other information that we deem pertinent under the circumstances (for example, expectations of future stock market performance).  we utilize an independent actuarial consulting firm's studies to assist us in selecting appropriate actuarial assumptions and valuing related liabilities.
net pension expense, which is included in "compensation and benefits" in the consolidated statements of income, was $31 million for 2014.  in recording this amount, we assumed a long-term investment rate of return of 8.25%, which was supported by the long-term total rate of return on plan assets since inception, as well as our expectation of future returns.  a one-percentage point change to this rate of return assumption would result in a $18 million change in pension expense.  during 2014, new mortality tables were released for consideration in determining defined benefit plan obligations. we analyzed the experience in our pension plans and updated our mortality rates accordingly, which resulted in an actuarial loss of approximately $165 million. we review assumptions related to our defined benefit plans annually, and while changes are likely to occur in assumptions concerning retirement age, k 32
projected earnings, and mortality, they are not expected to have a material effect on our net pension expense or net pension liability in the future. the net pension liability is recorded at net present value using a discount rate that is based on the current interest rate environment in light of the timing of expected benefit payments.  we utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds.  we use the results of the yield curve analyses to select the discount rates that match the payment streams of the benefits in these plans.
net benefit for other postretirement benefits, which is also included in "compensation and benefits," was $6 million for 2014. historically, medical inflation has been a significant component of the estimate for postretirement benefits, however, its effect has been reduced substantially due to the plan amendment made in 2014 (note 11).  since there is a fixed benefit for medicare-eligible retirees there is no medical inflation assumed for this population.  the medical inflation factor is still applicable for pre-medicare-eligible retirees.
properties and depreciation most of our total assets are long-lived railway properties (note 6).  as disclosed in note 1, properties are depreciated using group depreciation.  the primary depreciation method for our asset base is group life.  units of production is the principal method of depreciation for rail in high density corridors and for depletion of natural resources.  remaining properties are depreciated generally using the straight-line method over the lesser of estimated service or lease lives. see note 1 for a more detailed discussion of the assumptions and estimates in this area.
depreciation expense for 2014 totaled $951 million.  our composite depreciation rates for 2014 are disclosed in note 6; a one-tenth percentage point increase (or decrease) in these rates would have resulted in a $36 million increase (or decrease) to depreciation expense.  for 2014, roadway depreciation rates ranged from 0.83% to 33.33% and equipment depreciation rates ranged from 1.55% to 33.33%.
personal injury, environmental, and legal liabilities casualties and other claims expense, included in "materials and other," consists primarily of our accrual for personal injury liabilities and environmental remediation costs.
to aid in valuing personal injury liability and determining the amount to accrue during each period, we utilize studies prepared by an independent consulting actuarial firm.  the actuarial firm studies our historical patterns of reserving for claims and subsequent settlements, taking into account relevant outside influences. we adjust the liability quarterly based upon our assessment and the results of the study. our estimate of loss liabilities is subject to inherent limitation given the difficulty of predicting future events and as such the actual loss may vary from the estimated liability recorded.
we are subject to various jurisdictions' environmental laws and regulations.  we record a liability where such liability or loss is probable and its amount can be estimated reasonably.  environmental engineers regularly participate in ongoing evaluations of all known sites and in determining any necessary adjustments to liability estimates. additionally, our environmental policy council (composed of senior managers) oversees and interprets our environmental policy. operating expenses, included in "materials and other" and "purchased services and rents," for environmental matters totaled $45 million in 2014, $57 million in 2013, and $40 million in 2012, and property additions for environmental matters totaled $9 million in 2014, $8 million in 2013, and $6 million in 2012.  property additions for environmental matters in 2015 are expected to be about $15 million.
we and/or certain subsidiaries are defendants in numerous lawsuits and other claims relating principally to railroad operations. when we conclude that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, it is accrued through a charge to earnings.
income taxes our net long-term deferred tax liability totaled $8.8 billion at december 31, 2014 (note 3).  this liability is estimated based on the expected future tax consequences of items recognized in the financial statements.  after application of the federal statutory tax rate to book income, judgment is required with respect to the timing and deductibility of expenses in our income tax returns.  for state income and other taxes, judgment is also required with respect to the apportionment among the various jurisdictions. a valuation allowance is recorded if we expect that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. we had a $33 million valuation allowance on $606 million of deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2014, reflecting the expectation that almost all of these assets will be realized.
in addition, we have a recorded liability for our estimate of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.  judgment is required in evaluating the application of federal and state tax laws and assessing whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained on examination and, if so, judgment is also required as to the measurement of the amount of tax benefit that will be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority.  we believe this liability for uncertain tax positions to be adequate.  income tax expense is adjusted in the period in which new information about a tax position becomes available or the final outcome differs from the amounts recorded.  for every one half percent change in the 2014 effective tax rate, net income would have changed by $16 million.
other matters labor agreements more than 80% of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. these agreements remain in effect until changed pursuant to the railway labor act.  we largely bargain nationally in concert with other major railroads, represented by the national carriers conference committee (nccc). moratorium provisions in the labor agreements govern when the railroads and the unions may propose changes to the agreements. the moratorium provisions of the current agreements have now expired, formal proposals to change the agreements have been made, and negotiations with the various labor unions have begun. separately, in january 2015 we reached an agreement covering wages and work rules through 2019 with the brotherhood of locomotive engineers and trainmen (blet) which represents approximately 4,600 of our locomotive engineers. changes to the blet benefit plan will be bargained nationally through the nccc.
market risks we manage overall exposure to fluctuations in interest rates by issuing both fixed- and floating-rate debt instruments. at december 31, 2014, debt subject to interest rate fluctuations totaled $200 million. a one-percentage point increase in interest rates would increase total annual interest expense related to all variable debt by approximately $2 million. we consider it unlikely that interest rate fluctuations applicable to these instruments will result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
new accounting pronouncement in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers." this update, effective for our annual and interim reporting periods beginning january 1, 2017, will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in gaap and requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. early application is not permitted, but once effective, permits the use of either the k 34
retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. we are evaluating the effect that asu 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
inflation in preparing financial statements, gaap requires the use of historical cost that disregards the effects of inflation on the replacement cost of property.  as a capital-intensive company, we have most of our capital invested in such property.  the replacement cost of these assets, as well as the related depreciation expense, would be substantially greater than the amounts reported on the basis of historical cost.
forward-looking statements this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements that may be identified by the use of words like "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "consider," "project," and similar references to the future.  forward-looking statements reflect our good-faith evaluation of information currently available.
however, such statements are dependent on and, therefore, can be influenced by, a number of external variables over which we have little or no control, including:  transportation of hazardous materials as a common carrier by rail; acts of terrorism or war; general economic conditions including, but not limited to, fluctuation and competition within the industries of our customers; competition and consolidation within the transportation industry; the operations of carriers with which we interchange; disruptions to our technology infrastructure, including computer systems; labor difficulties, including strikes and work stoppages; commercial, operating, environmental, and climate change legislative and regulatory developments; results of litigation; natural events such as severe weather, hurricanes, and floods; unpredictable demand for rail services; fluctuation in supplies and prices of key materials, in particular diesel fuel; and changes in securities and capital markets.  for additional discussion of significant risk factors applicable to our business, see part ii, item 1a "risk factors."  forward-looking statements are not, and should not be relied upon as, a guarantee of future performance or results, nor will they necessarily prove to be accurate indications of the times at or by which any such performance or results will be achieved.  as a result, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements.  we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements.