item 1a.   risk factors
all information included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k should be considered and understood in the context of the following risk factors, which describe circumstances that may materially harm our future business, operating results or financial condition. the following discussion reflects our current judgment regarding the most significant risks we face. these risks can and will change in the future.
our business may be harmed by trends in the storage market or if we are unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological and market changes.
our industry and the market in which we compete have historically experienced significant growth due to the increase in the demand for storage solutions by consumers, enterprises and government bodies around the world, and the resultant purchases of storage solutions to address this demand. however, despite continued data growth, the storage market did not experience growth in calendar year 2013 due to a combination of customers delaying purchases in the face of technology transitions, increased storage efficiency, and changing economic and business environments. recent technology trends, such as the emergence of cloud storage, software as a service (saas) and flash storage and converged architectures are driving significant changes in storage architectures and solution requirements. the impact of these trends on both short-term and long-term growth patterns is uncertain. if the general historical rate of industry growth declines, if the growth rates of the specific market in which we compete decline, or if the consumption model of storage changes and our new and existing products and solutions do not receive customer acceptance, our business, operating results and financial condition could suffer.
continuing uncertain economic and political conditions restrict our visibility and may harm our operating results, including our revenue growth and profitability.
the continuing global economic uncertainty and political and fiscal challenges in the united states (u.s.) and abroad due to the financial and fiscal crises of recent years have, among other things, limited our ability to forecast future demand for our products, contributed to increased periodic volatility in the computer, storage, and networking industries at large, as well as the information technology (it) market, and could constrain future access to capital for our suppliers, customers and partners. the impacts of these circumstances are global and pervasive, and the timing and nature of any ultimate resolution of these matters remain highly uncertain. additionally, budgetary constraints and shifts in government spending priorities have caused, and may in the future again cause, governments, including the u.s. government, to decrease purchases of storage equipment. consequently, we expect these concerns to challenge our business for the foreseeable future, and potentially cause harm to our operating results. such conditions have resulted, and may in the future again result in failure to meet our forecasted financial expectations and to achieve historical levels of revenue growth.
our operating results have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so, sometimes materially. all of the matters discussed in this risk factor section could impact our operating results in any fiscal quarter or year. in addition to those matters, we face the following issues which could impact our quarterly results:
•                seasonality, such as our historical seasonal decline in revenues in the first quarter of our fiscal year and seasonal increase in revenues in the second quarter of our fiscal year, with the latter due in part to the impact of the u.s. federal government’s september 30 fiscal year end on the timing of its orders; and
•   linearity, such as our historical intra-quarter bookings and revenue pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter’s total bookings and related revenue occur in the last month of the quarter.
if our operating results fall below our forecasts and the expectations of public market analysts and investors, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline.
our sales and distribution structure makes forecasting revenues difficult and, if disrupted, could harm our operating results.
our business and sales models make revenues difficult to forecast. we sell to a variety of customers, with a corresponding variety of sales cycles. in addition, the majority of our sales are made indirectly through channel partners, including value-added resellers, systems integrators, distributors, original equipment manufacturers (oems) and strategic business partners. during fiscal 2014, revenues generated from sales through our indirect channel accounted for 82% of net revenues. this structure significantly complicates our ability to forecast future revenue, particularly within any particular fiscal quarter or year. moreover, our relationships with our indirect channel partners are critical to our success. the loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners in a given geographic area could harm our operating results, as qualifying and developing new indirect channel partners typically require a significant investment of time and resources before acceptable levels of productivity are met. if we fail to maintain our relationships with our indirect channel partners, if their financial condition, business or customer relationships were to weaken or if they fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
if we do not achieve forecasted bookings in any quarter, our financial results will be harmed.
we derive a majority of our revenues in any given quarter from orders booked in the same quarter. bookings typically follow intra-quarter seasonality patterns weighted toward the back end of the quarter. if we do not achieve the level, timing and mix of bookings consistent with our quarterly targets and historical patterns, or if we experience cancellations of significant orders, our financial results will be harmed.
we often incur expenses before we receive related benefits, and expenses may be difficult to reduce quickly if demand declines.
we base our expense levels in part on future revenue expectations and a significant percentage of our expenses is fixed. it is difficult to reduce our fixed costs quickly, and if revenue levels are below our expectations, operating results will be adversely impacted. during periods of uneven growth or decline, we may incur costs before we realize the anticipated related benefits, which could also harm our operating results. we have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in engineering, sales, service and support, marketing and other functions to support and grow our business. we are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the related anticipated benefits, such as revenue growth, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
any disruption to our supply chain could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
we do not manufacture our products or their components. instead, we rely on third parties to make our products and critical components, such as disk drives, as well as for associated logistics. our lack of direct responsibility for, and control over, these elements of our business, as well as the diverse international geographic locations of our manufacturing partners and suppliers, creates significant risks for us, including, among other things:
•   limited ability to control the quality, quantity and cost of our products or of their components;
•   the potential for binding price or purchase commitments with our suppliers that are higher than market rates;
•   limited ability to adjust production volumes in response to our customers’ demand fluctuations;
•   labor and political unrest at facilities we do not operate or own;
•   geopolitical disputes disrupting our supply chain;
•   business, legal compliance, litigation and financial concerns affecting our suppliers or their ability to manufacture and ship our products in the quantities, quality and manner we require; and
•   disruptions due to floods, earthquakes, storms and other natural disasters, particularly in countries with limited infrastructure and disaster recovery resources.
such risks have in the past and could again in the future subject us to supply constraints, price increases and minimum purchase requirements and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. the risks associated with our out-sourced manufacturing model are particularly acute when we transition products to new facilities or manufacturers, introduce and increase volumes of new products or qualify new contract manufacturers or suppliers, at which times our ability to manage the relationships among us, our manufacturing partners and our component suppliers, becomes critical. new manufacturers, products, components or facilities create increased costs and risk that we will fail to deliver high quality products in the required volumes to our customers. any failure of a manufacturer or component supplier to meet our quality, quantity or delivery requirements in a cost-effective manner will harm our business, operating results and customer relationships.
we rely on a limited number of suppliers for critical product components.
we rely on a limited number of suppliers for drives and other components utilized in the assembly of our products, including certain single source suppliers, which has subjected us, and could in the future subject us to price rigidity, periodic supply constraints, and the inability to produce our products with the quality and in the quantities demanded. when industry supply is constrained, our suppliers may allocate volumes away from us and to our competitors, all of which rely on many of the same suppliers as we do. accordingly, our operating results may be harmed.
our gross margins reflect a variety of factors, including competitive pricing, component and product design, the volume and relative mix of product, services and software entitlements and maintenance (sem) revenues. increased component costs, increased pricing pressures, the relative and varying rates of increases or decreases in component costs and product prices, changes in product, services and sem revenue mix or decreased volume could harm our revenues, gross margins or earnings. our gross margins are also impacted by the cost of any materials that are of poor quality and our sales and distribution activities, including, without limitation, pricing actions, rebates, sales initiatives and discount levels, and the timing of service contract renewals.
the costs of third-party components comprise a significant portion of our product costs. while we generally have been able to manage our component and product design costs, we may have difficulty managing these costs if supplies of certain components become limited or component prices increase. any such limitation could result in an increase in our product costs. an increase in component or design costs relative to our product prices could harm our gross margins and earnings.
if we are unable to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for clustered data ontap-based products or other new products while managing the transition from older products, or if we cannot provide the expected level of quality, service and support for our new products, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
our future growth depends upon the successful development and introduction of new hardware and software products. due to the complexity of storage subsystems and appliances and the difficulty in gauging the engineering effort required to produce new products, such products are subject to significant technical and quality control risks.
we are currently devoting considerable effort and resources to develop, introduce and gain customer acceptance for our clustered data ontap-based products (cdot). cdot is our next generation storage operating system for our core products and represents a fundamental and revolutionary change to our solution architecture. over time, our goal is to replace our existing technology data ontap 7-mode with cdot and, consequently, we anticipate that a majority of our revenues will ultimately derive from cdot. we face considerable challenges as we develop and market cdot, including, without limitation, cost and complexity associated with migrating customer data and applications from legacy systems to cdot-based systems, developing some features for cdot currently available with data ontap 7-mode and potentially required by our customers, and maintaining service, support and customer relationships as we replace data ontap 7-mode with cdot.
if we are unable, for technological, customer reluctance or other reasons, to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for cdot, or any other new products, as and when required by the market and our customers, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
new or additional product introductions, including new software and flash product offerings, subject us to additional financial and operational risks, including our ability to forecast customer preferences or demand, our ability to expand production capacity to meet the demand for new products, our ability to successfully manage the transition from older products, and our ability to forecast the impact of customers’ demand for new products or the products being replaced. in addition, as new or enhanced products are introduced, we must also avoid excessive levels of older product inventories and related components and ensure that enough supplies of new products can be delivered to meet customers’ demands. further risks inherent in new product introductions include the uncertainty of price-performance relative to products of competitors, competitors’ responses to the introductions and the desire by customers to evaluate new products for extended periods of time. if these risks are not managed effectively, we could experience material risks to our operations, financial condition and business model.
as we enter new or emerging markets, we will likely increase demands on our service and support operations and may be exposed to additional competition. we may not be able to provide products, service and support to effectively compete for these market opportunities.
increasing competition and industry consolidation could harm our business and operating results.
the storage and data management markets are intensely competitive and are characterized by rapidly changing technology and fragmentation. we compete with many companies in the markets we serve, including companies that offer a broad spectrum of it products and services (full-stack vendors) and others that offer a more limited set of storage and data management products or services. several key competitors have greater financial resources and offer a more diverse portfolio of products and services.
by extending our flash and software-defined storage offerings, we are competing in new segments with both traditional competitors and new competitors, particularly smaller emerging storage vendors. in cloud and converged infrastructure, we also compete with large well established competitors. the longer-term potential and competitiveness of these emerging vendors remains to be determined.
for information regarding our competitors, see the section entitled “competition” contained in item 1. business of this report. it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors might emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share.
an increase in industry consolidation might result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. in addition, current and potential competitors have established or might establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties, including some of our partners.
our oem relationships may not generate significant revenues.
we have oem relationships with several companies, which collectively accounted for 9% of our net revenues during the fiscal 2014, compared to 12% during the corresponding period of the prior year. these oems market and sell their branded solutions based on our unified solutions, as well as associated software offerings. while these arrangements are part of our general strategy to expand our reach to more customers and into more countries, we do not have exclusive relationships with our oems, and there is no minimum commitment for any given period of time. we also compete with some of our oems, further complicating our relationships with them. therefore, our relationships with these oems may not continue to generate significant revenues and our total revenues may decline. in addition, we have no control over the products that the oems select to sell, or their release schedule and timing of those products; nor do we control their pricing.
a portion of our revenues is generated by large, recurring purchases from various customers, resellers and distributors. a loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by any of these parties has negatively affected us in the past, and in the future could negatively affect our revenues.
for fiscal 2014, sales to distributors arrow electronics, inc. and avnet, inc. accounted for 22% and 16%, respectively, of our net revenues. we generally do not enter into binding purchase commitments with our customers, resellers and distributors for extended periods of time, and thus we may not be able to continue to receive large, recurring orders from these customers, resellers or distributors. for example, our reseller agreements generally do not require minimum purchases, and our customers, resellers and distributors can stop purchasing and marketing our products at any time. in addition, unfavorable economic conditions may negatively impact the solvency of our customers, resellers and distributors or the ability of such customers, resellers and distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. if any of our key customers, resellers or distributors changes its pricing practices, reduces the size or frequency of its orders for our products, or stops purchasing our products altogether, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted.
reduced u.s. government demand could materially harm our business and operating results. in addition, we could be harmed by claims that we have or a channel partner has failed to comply with regulatory and contractual requirements applicable to sales to the u.s. government.
the u.s. government is an important customer for us. however, government demand is uncertain, as it is subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints. recent events, such as the u.s. federal government shutdown in october 2013 and continued uncertainty regarding the u.s. budget and debt levels, has increased demand uncertainty for our products, and has recently resulted in lower sales to these customers. if the u.s. government or an individual agency or multiple agencies within the u.s. government continue to reduce or shift their it spending patterns, our revenues and operating results may be harmed.
selling our products to the u.s. government, whether directly or through channel partners, also subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. failure to comply with these requirements by either us or our channel partners could subject us to investigations, fines, and other penalties, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition. as an example, the united states department of justice (doj) and the general services administration (gsa) have in the past pursued claims against and financial settlements with it vendors, including us and several of our competitors and channel partners, under the false claims act and other statutes related to pricing and discount practices and compliance with certain provisions of gsa contracts for sales to the federal government. although the doj and gsa currently have no claims pending against us, we could face claims in the future. violations of certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result in us being suspended or debarred from future government contracting. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
some of our products are subject to u.s. export control laws and other laws affecting the countries in which our products and services may be sold, distributed, or delivered; any violation of these laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations, including the export administration regulations administered by the commerce department’s bureau of industry and security (bis) and the trade and economic sanctions regulations administered by the treasury department’s office of foreign assets control (ofac). the u.s., through the bis and ofac, places restrictions on the sale or export of certain products and services to certain countries and persons. violators of these export control and sanctions laws may be subject to significant penalties, which may include significant monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial of export privileges, and suspension or debarment from selling products to the federal government. we take a variety of precautions to prevent our products from being shipped to u.s.-sanctioned targets; however, our products could be shipped to those targets by third parties, including potentially our channel partners, despite such precautions.
for instance, media reports starting in november 2011 asserted that certain of our products were delivered to syria through a third-party possibly in violation of u.s. export-control laws. following these media reports, we met with u.s. government officials, provided information at their request, and expressed our willingness to continue cooperating with any further inquiry or investigation. in april 2014, we were notified by the u.s. government that it had completed its review of the matter and determined that we did not violate the u.s. export laws and that the government had closed its inquiry into the matter. however, if in the future we are ever found to have violated u.s. export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. as in the case of the media reports regarding syria described above, even if we are not found to have violated such laws, the political and media scrutiny surrounding any governmental investigation of us could cause us significant expense and reputational harm and distract senior executives from managing our normal day-to-day operations. such collateral consequences could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
if we are unable to maintain and develop relationships with strategic partners, our revenues may be harmed.
our growth strategy includes developing and maintaining strategic partnerships with major third-party software and hardware vendors to integrate our products into their products and also co-market our products with them. a detailed description of these partnership relationships is identified in the business section of this annual report. a number of these strategic partners are industry leaders that offer us expanded access to segments of the storage and data management market. however, there is intense competition for attractive strategic partners, and these relationships may not be exclusive, may not generate significant revenues and may be terminated on short notice. for instance, some of our partners are also partnering with our competitors, which may increase the availability of competing solutions and harm our ability to grow our relationships with those partners. moreover, some of our partners, particularly large, more diversified technology companies, are also competitors, complicating our relationships. if we are unable to establish new partnerships or maintain existing partnerships, if our strategic partners favor their relationships with other vendors in the storage industry or if our strategic partners increasingly compete with us, we could experience lower than expected revenues, suffer delays in product development, or experience other harm to our business, operating results and financial condition.
our failure to adjust to emerging standards in the storage industry may harm our business.
emerging standards in the storage and data management markets may adversely affect the unix®, windows® and the world wide web server markets upon which we depend. for example, we provide our open access data retention solutions to customers within the financial services, healthcare, pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with
respect to data access, reliability and permanence (such as rule 17(a)(4) of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended) in the u.s. and in the other countries in which we operate. if our products do not meet and continue to comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this regard, customers in these market and geographical segments will not purchase our products, and we will not be able to expand our product offerings in these market and geographical segments at the rates which we have forecasted.
if our products are defective, our gross margins, operating results and customer relationships may be harmed.
our products are complex. we have experienced in the past, and expect to experience in the future, quality issues. quality risk is most acute when we are introducing new products. quality issues have and could again in the future cause customers to experience outages or disruptions in service, data loss or data corruption. if we fail to remedy a product defect, we may experience a failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, inventory costs or product reengineering expenses and higher ongoing warranty and service costs, and these occurrences could have a material impact on our gross margins, business and operating results. customers and we may experience losses that may result from or are alleged to result from defects in our products, which could subject us to claims for damages, including consequential damages.
due to the global nature of our business, risks inherent in our international operations could materially harm our business.
a significant portion of our operations are located, and a significant portion of our revenues are derived, outside of the u.s. for fiscal 2014, our international revenues accounted for 51% of our net revenues. in addition, a substantial portion of our products are manufactured outside of the u.s., and we have research and development and service centers overseas. accordingly, our business and our future operating results could be adversely affected by factors affecting our international operations, but not experienced in the u.s., including, among other things, local political or economic conditions, trade protection and export and import requirements, local labor conditions, transportation costs, government spending patterns, acts of terrorism, international conflicts and natural disasters in areas with limited infrastructure. in addition, due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to complex legal and regulatory requirements in the u.s. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and sell our products, including antitrust and anti-competition laws, rules and regulations, and regulations related to data privacy. we are also subject to the potential loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation, or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than u.s. laws. such factors could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations. these exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. we utilize forward and option contracts in an attempt to reduce the adverse earnings impact from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities as well as certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows on a short-term basis. our hedging strategies may not be successful, and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. in addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets and liabilities for which we do not hedge could have a material impact on our results of operations in periods when the u.s. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to unhedged non-u.s. currencies in which we transact business.
additional risks inherent in our international business activities generally include, among others, longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in managing international operations.
moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures, or u.s. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act. there can be no assurance that all of our
employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will comply with these policies, procedures, laws and/or regulations. any such violation could subject us to fines and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
changes in our effective tax rate or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results.
our effective tax rate is influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. these factors include among other things, fluctuations in our earnings and financial results in the various countries and states in which we do business and changes to the tax laws in such jurisdictions. any of these factors could materially impact our operating results.
we receive significant tax benefits from sales to our non-u.s. customers. these benefits are contingent upon existing tax laws and regulations in the u.s. and in the countries in which our international operations are located. future changes in domestic or international tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our ability to continue to realize these tax benefits. we have not provided for u.s. federal and state income taxes or foreign withholding taxes that may result from future remittances of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the united states, countries in the european union and other countries where we do business have been considering changes in relevant tax laws applicable to multinational corporations such as ours. these potential changes could adversely affect our effective tax rate or result in higher cash tax liabilities.
we are currently undergoing income tax audits in the u.s. and several foreign tax jurisdictions, as described in note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. the u.s. and foreign tax authorities have questioned our intercompany transfer pricing arrangements during these audits. in recent years, several other u.s. companies have had their transfer pricing arrangements challenged as part of internal revenue service (irs) examinations, which have resulted in material proposed assessments and/or litigation with respect to those companies.
if the ultimate determination of income taxes or at-source withholding taxes assessed under the current irs audits or audits being conducted in any other tax jurisdiction results in an amount in excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition would be adversely affected.
our international operations currently benefit from a tax ruling concluded in the netherlands which expires on april 30, 2015 and results in a lower level of earnings subject to tax in the netherlands. if we are unable to negotiate a similar tax ruling upon expiration of the current ruling, our effective tax rate could increase and our operating results could be adversely affected. our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected by different and evolving interpretations of existing law or regulations, which in turn would negatively impact our operating and financial results as a whole. additionally, our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected if there is a change in international operations and how the operations are managed and structured. the price of our common stock could decline to the extent that our financial results are materially affected by an adverse change in our effective tax rate.
our failure to pay quarterly dividends to our stockholders and to fully consummate our stock repurchase program could cause the market price of our stock to decline significantly.
our ability to pay quarterly dividends and to continue to execute our stock repurchase program as planned will be subject to, among other things, our financial condition and results of operations, available cash and cash flow in the u.s, capital requirements, and other factors. future dividends are subject to declaration by our board of directors, and our stock repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. if we fail to meet any expectations related to dividends and/or stock repurchases, the market price of our stock could decline significantly, and could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence. additionally, price volatility of our stock over a given period may cause the average price at which we repurchase our own stock to exceed the stock’s market price at a given point in time.
our acquisitions may not achieve expected benefits, and may increase our liabilities, disrupt our existing business and harm our results of operations.
as part of our strategy, we seek to acquire other businesses and technologies to complement our current products, expand the breadth of our markets, or enhance our technical capabilities. in fiscal 2012, we completed the acquisition of certain assets related to engenio, and in fiscal 2013, we completed the acquisitions of cacheiq and iongrid. the benefits we expect to receive from these and other acquisitions depend on our ability to successfully conduct due diligence, negotiate the terms of the acquisition and integrate the acquired business. any inaccuracy in our acquisition assumptions, any failure to uncover liabilities or risks associated with the acquisition, any failure to make the acquisition on favorable terms, or any failure to integrate the acquired business or assets as and when expected, may reduce or eliminate the expected benefits of the acquisition to us, increase our costs, disrupt our operations, result in additional liabilities, investigations and litigation, and may also harm our strategy, our results of operations or our business. the failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits may also result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangible assets.
we are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments could harm our financial results.
we maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. a significant part of our investment portfolio consists of u.s. government securities. if global credit experiences prolonged periods of decline, or if there is a downgrade of u.s. government debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely impacted and we could determine that more of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results. for a summary of these investments and our management of the same, please see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk” in this document.
we are exposed to the credit and non-payment risk of our customers, resellers and distributors, especially during times of economic uncertainty and tight credit markets, which could result in material losses.
most of our sales to customers are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days. while we monitor individual customer payment capability in granting such open credit arrangements, and seek to limit such open credit to amounts we believe are reasonable, we may experience losses due to a customer’s inability to pay.
beyond our open credit arrangements, some of our customers have entered into recourse and non-recourse financing leasing arrangements using third-party leasing companies. under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default.
we expect demand for customer financing to continue. during periods of economic uncertainty, our exposure to credit risks from our customers increases. in addition, our exposure to credit risks of our customers may increase further if our customers and their customers or their lease financing sources are adversely affected by global economic conditions.
in the past, there have been bankruptcies by our customers to whom we had extended open credit, provided lease financing arrangements or guaranteed lease payments under full recourse lease arrangements. such events have caused us to incur bad debt charges, in the case of financing arrangements have caused a loss of revenues, and in the case of recourse lease arrangements have caused us to make payments to third-party financers. we may be subject to similar losses in future periods. any future losses could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. additionally, to the extent that turmoil in the credit markets makes it more difficult for customers to obtain open credit or lease financing, those customers’ ability to purchase our products could be adversely impacted, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results.
a repatriation of cash held by our foreign subsidiaries to fund u.s. operations, strategic opportunities or debt service may subject us to a significant tax liability.
as of april 25, 2014, $4.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries. under current law, repatriation of this cash may trigger significant adverse tax consequences in the u.s. as a result, if the cash generated by our domestic operations is not sufficient to fund our domestic operations and our broader corporate initiatives, such as stock repurchases, dividends, acquisitions, and other strategic opportunities; and to service our outstanding indebtedness, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings, or we may need to obtain new credit facilities to the extent we choose not to repatriate our overseas cash. such additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all, and any new equity financings or offerings would dilute our current stockholders’ ownership. furthermore, lenders may not agree to extend us new, additional or continuing credit. if adequate funds are not available, or are not available on acceptable terms, we may be forced to repatriate our foreign-held cash and incur a significant tax expense. in any such case, our business, operating results or financial condition could be adversely impacted if we default under our significant debt obligations, including our senior notes and our recently issued notes, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed. moreover, covenants associated with our senior notes may unduly restrict our business.
we have senior notes outstanding as of april 25, 2014 in an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion that mature at specific dates in calendar 2017 and 2022. we have also established a revolving credit facility under which we may borrow an aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $250.0 million, under which we had no borrowings outstanding as of april 25, 2014. in addition, on june 5, 2014, we issued $500.0 million of senior notes that mature in calendar 2021. we may fail to pay these obligations, as and when required. specifically, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to borrow sufficient funds in the future to service or refinance our debt, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed.
in addition, our debt and credit facility arrangements subject us to continued compliance with restrictive and financial covenants. if we do not comply with these covenants or otherwise default under the arrangements, we may be required to repay any outstanding amounts borrowed under these agreements. moreover, compliance with these covenants may restrict our strategic or operational flexibility in the future, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
we have in the past and may in the future incur restructuring charges and asset impairment in response to changing market conditions or cost-cutting initiatives.
we have in the past undertaken cost savings initiatives in response to changes in market conditions and market demand for our products. for example, in may 2013 and march 2014 we executed restructuring events designed to focus our resources on key strategic initiatives and streamline our business in light of the constrained it spending environment. as a result, we recognized substantial restructuring expenses. we may in the future undertake initiatives that may include restructuring, disposing of, and/or otherwise discontinuing certain products, or both. any decision to take these actions may result in charges to earnings associated with, among other things, inventory or other fixed, intangible or goodwill asset reductions (including, without limitation, impairment charges), workforce and facility reductions and penalties and claims from third party resellers or users of discontinued products. these charges would harm our operating results. in addition to the costs associated with these activities, we may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of the underlying restructuring activities.
we are continually seeking ways to make our cost structure, business processes and systems more efficient, including by moving activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing new business information systems. problems with the execution of these activities could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we continuously seek to make our cost structure and business processes more efficient, including by moving our business activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing changes to our business information systems. these efforts involve a significant investment of financial and human resources and significant changes to our current operating processes. in addition, as we move operations into lower-cost jurisdictions and outsource certain business processes, we become subject to new regulatory regimes and lose control of certain aspects of our operations and, as a consequence, become more dependent upon the systems and business processes of third-parties. if we are unable to move our operations, outsource business processes and implement new business information systems in a manner that complies with local law and maintains adequate standards, controls and procedures, the quality of our products and services may suffer and we may be subject to increased litigation risk, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel and to preserve the key aspects of our corporate culture. because our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to enhance and introduce new products, we are particularly dependent on our ability to hire and retain qualified engineers. competition for qualified employees, particularly in silicon valley, is intense. the loss of the services of a significant number of our employees, particularly our engineers, salespeople and key managers, could be disruptive to our development efforts or business relationships and could materially and adversely affect our operating results. equity grants are a critical component of our current compensation programs. if we reduce, modify or eliminate our equity programs, due to increased shareholder activism, heightened focus on corporate compensation practices, or increased scrutiny of the dilutive effects of such programs, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining critical employees.
in addition, because of the structure of our cash and equity incentive compensation plans, we may be at increased risk of losing employees at certain times. for example, the retention value of our compensation plans decreases after the payment of annual bonuses or the vesting of equity awards.
our business could be materially and adversely affected as a result of a natural disaster, terrorist acts or other catastrophic events.
we depend on the ability of our personnel, raw materials, equipment and products to move reasonably unimpeded around the world. any political, military, terrorism, global trade, world health or other issue that hinders this movement or restricts the import or export of materials could lead to significant business disruptions. furthermore, any economic failure or other material disruption caused by natural disasters, including fires, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, and volcanoes; power loss or shortages; environmental disasters; telecommunications or business information systems failures or break-ins and similar events could also adversely affect our ability to conduct business. if such disruptions result in cancellations of customer orders or contribute to a general decrease in economic activity or corporate spending on information technology, or directly impact our marketing, manufacturing, financial and logistics functions, or impair our ability to meet our customer demands, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. in addition, our headquarters and one of our major data centers are located in northern california, an area susceptible to earthquakes. if any significant disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business and our financial condition could be impaired.
our failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
our success depends significantly upon developing, maintaining and protecting proprietary technology. we rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions with employees, resellers, strategic partners and customers, to protect our proprietary rights. we currently have multiple u.s. and international patent applications pending and multiple u.s. and international patents issued. the pending applications may not be approved, and our existing and future patents may be challenged. if such challenges are brought, the patents may be invalidated. we may not be able to develop proprietary products or technologies that are patentable, and patents issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages and may be challenged by third parties. further, the patents of others may materially and adversely affect our ability to do business. in addition, a failure to obtain and defend our trademark registrations may impede our marketing and branding efforts and competitive condition.
litigation may be necessary to protect our proprietary technology. any such litigation may be time-consuming and costly. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. in addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the u.s. our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate or our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products, or design around patents issued to us or other intellectual property rights of ours.
we are subject to intellectual property infringement claims. we may, from time to time, receive claims that we are infringing third parties’ intellectual property rights. third parties may in the future, claim infringement by us with respect to current or future products, patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights. we expect that companies in the network storage and data management market will increasingly be subject to infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry segment grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. any such claims could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, any of which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all.
changes in regulations relating to our products or their components, or the manufacture, sourcing, distribution or use thereof, may harm our business and operating results.
the laws and regulations governing the manufacturing, sourcing, distribution and use of our products have become more complex and stringent over time. for example, in addition to various environmental laws relating to carbon emissions and the use and discharge of hazardous materials, the sec has recently adopted regulations concerning the supply of certain minerals originating from the conflict zones of the democratic republic of congo or adjoining countries. we may incur costs to comply with the new disclosure requirements of this law and may realize other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products. further, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational harm if our customers or other stakeholders conclude that we are unable to verify sufficiently the origins of the minerals used in the products we sell. as the laws and regulations governing our products continue to expand and change, our costs are likely to rise, and the failure to comply with any such laws and regulations could subject us to business interruptions, litigation risks and reputational harm.
if a data center or other third-party who relies on our products experiences a disruption in service or a loss of data, such disruption could be attributed to the quality of our products, thereby causing financial or reputational harm to our business.
our clients (including data centers, saas, cloud computing and internet infrastructure and bandwidth providers) rely on our products for their data storage needs. we exercise little control over how our clients use or maintain our products, and in some cases improper usage or maintenance could impair the performance of our products.
our clients may authorize third-party technology providers to access their data on our systems. because we do not control the transmissions between our clients, their customers, and third-party technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the complete integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. errors or wrongdoing by clients, their customers, or third-party technology providers resulting in security breaches may be attributed to us.
a failure or inability to meet our clients’ expectations with respect to security and confidentiality through a disruption in the services provided by these third-party vendors, or the loss of data stored by such vendors, could result in financial or reputational harm to our business to the extent that such disruption or loss is caused by, or perceived by our customers to have been caused by, defects in our products. moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. this may affect our ability to retain clients and attract new business.
if a cybersecurity or other security breach occurs on our systems or on our end user customer systems, or if stored data is improperly accessed, customers may reduce or cease using our solutions, our reputation may be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities.
we store and transmit sensitive and proprietary data related to our employees, customers, clients and partners (including third-party vendors such as data centers and providers of saas, cloud computing, and internet infrastructure and bandwidth), and their respective customers, including intellectual property, books of record and personally identifiable information. in the current environment there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, human error and technological vulnerabilities. cybersecurity incidents or other security breaches could result in unauthorized access to, or loss or unauthorized disclosure of, such information, litigation, indemnity obligations, government investigations and other possible liabilities, as well as negative publicity, which could damage our reputation and public perception of the security and reliability of our products. additionally, our clients and customers use our platforms for the transmission and storage of sensitive data. we do not regularly monitor or review the information or content that our clients and their customers upload and store, and, therefore, we have no direct control over the substance of the information or content stored within our platforms. therefore, if employees, clients, partners or their respective customers use our platforms for the transmission or storage of personally identifiable or other sensitive information and our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed and we could incur significant liabilities. because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. as we continue to increase our client base and expand our brand, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems.
many jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. these mandatory disclosures regarding security breaches often lead to widespread negative publicity. moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat
rooms, and social media sites. any security breach, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their support contracts, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.
there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or our insurers may deny coverage as to any future claim. the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected fluctuations and affect our reported results of operations.
a change in accounting standards or practices and varying interpretations of existing accounting pronouncements, the increased use of fair value measures, changes to revenue recognition, lease accounting, financial instruments and other accounting standards could have a significant effect on our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business.
implementation of accounting regulations and related interpretations and policies, particularly those related to revenue recognition, could cause us to defer recognition of revenue or recognize lower revenue, which may affect our results of operations.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the financial statements and the accompanying notes set forth under “item 8. financial statements and supplementary data”. the following discussion also contains trend information and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. the risk factors set forth in “item 1a. risk factors” are hereby incorporated into the discussion by reference.
executive overview our company we are a leading global provider of innovative storage and data management software, systems and services. our storage solutions help customers create the flexible, efficient and highly available information technology (it) infrastructures they need to support their organizations.
our unified scale-out fabric-attached storage (fas) platform is designed to meet the demanding requirements of shared infrastructures and cloud environments. our e-series high-performance storage area network platform is designed to meet demanding performance and capacity requirements of dedicated workloads, while retaining simplicity and an optimized price to performance ratio. our fas storage platform uses the netapp® dataontap® storage operating system to deliver integrated data protection, comprehensive data management, and built-in efficiency software for virtualized, shared infrastructures, cloud computing, and mixed workload business applications. we offer hybrid and all-flash configurations of both fas and e-series platforms. effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we have changed the way we group our fas product platforms. we now describe our configured systems as (1) entry level products, which consists of our fas2000 systems, (2) mid-range products, which consists of our legacy fas3000 systems and our new fas8020 and fas8040 systems, and (3) high-end products, which consists of our legacy 6000 systems and our new fas8060 systems. this change had no impact on previously reported amounts.
in addition to our products, we provide a variety of services including hardware maintenance, and software entitlement and maintenance (sem), professional services, global support solutions, and customer education and training to help customers most effectively manage their data.
we employ a multichannel distribution strategy, selling products and services to end users and service providers through a direct sales force and through channel partners, including value-added resellers, system integrators, oems and distributors.
financial results and key performance metrics overview the following table provides an overview of some of our key financial metrics for each of the last three fiscal years (in millions, except per share amounts, percentages and days sales outstanding):
gross profit                                                $3,919.1              $3,761.1              $3,713.4
gross profit margin percentage                                  62.0   %              59.4   %              59.6   %
•                                                   gross profit margin percentage: our gross profit margin as a percentage of net revenues increased in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
primarily due to lower unit materials costs due to supply chain efficiencies and changes in our revenue mix. additionally, gross profit was favorably impacted by lower oem revenues and higher gross profit margins on add-on storage.
compared to fiscal 2013 primarily due to an increase in gross margins and the favorable impact of cost containment initiatives.
compared to fiscal 2013 reflects higher operating income in dollars and as a percentage of net revenues, partially offset by a 3% increase in our effective tax rate. in addition to these factors, diluted income per share was favorably impacted by a
•   operating cash flows: operating cash flows decreased 3% in fiscal 2014, reflecting an increase in net income that was more than offset by changes in our operating assets and liabilities.
•                    dso: dso increased in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 primarily due to a higher percentage of the fourth quarter’s shipments that occurred in the last month of the fourth quarter (shipment linearity) of fiscal 2014 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year.
stock repurchase program and dividend activity during fiscal 2014, we repurchased 47.3 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $39.78 per share, for an aggregate of $1.9 billion. we also declared cash dividends of $0.60 per share of common stock in fiscal 2014, for which we paid an aggregate of $202.3 million.
restructuring plans in march 2014 and may 2013, we initiated business realignment plans designed to focus our resources on key strategic initiatives and streamline our business in light of the constrained it spending environment, resulting in a reduction of our global workforce of approximately 11% in aggregate, for which we have recognized an aggregate of $88.3 million of employee severance costs in fiscal 2014. we have completed all activities under the may 2013 plan, and expect to complete activities under the march 2014 plan in the first six months of fiscal 2015, with no significant additional charges.
recent activity on june 5, 2014 we issued $500.0 million principal amount of 3.375% senior notes due on june 15, 2021. we intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including possible stock
repurchases, dividends, capital expenditures, working capital and potential acquisitions and strategic transactions. for further information on the terms of this debt issuance, see note 18 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america (gaap), which require management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. we believe that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences may be material.
the summary of significant accounting policies is included in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. an accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. the accounting policies described below reflect the significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition, reserves and allowances we recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. revenue from the sale of hardware systems and software components essential to the functionality of the hardware systems is recognized in accordance with general revenue recognition accounting guidance. our product revenues also include revenues from the sale of non-essential software products, which generally includes a perpetual license to our software. non-essential software sales are subject to industry specific software revenue recognition accounting guidance. sem and premium hardware maintenance services are recognized ratably over their contractual terms, generally from one to five years.
for multiple element arrangements, we allocate revenue to the software deliverables and the non-software deliverables as a group based on the relative selling prices of all of the deliverables in the arrangement. for our non-software deliverables, we allocate the arrangement consideration based on the relative selling price of the deliverables using estimated selling price (esp). for our software entitlements and support services, we generally use vendor-specific objective evidence of selling price (vsoe). when we are unable to establish vsoe for our software entitlements and support services, we use esp in our allocation of arrangement consideration.
the selling price for each element is based upon the following selling price hierarchy: vsoe if available, third party evidence (tpe) if vsoe is not available, or estimated selling price (esp) if neither vsoe nor tpe are available. generally, we are not able to determine tpe because our go-to-market strategy differs from that of our peers and our offerings contain a significant level of differentiation such that the comparable pricing of products with similar functionality cannot be obtained.
we record reductions to revenue for estimated sales returns at the time of shipment. we also maintain a separate allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses based on our assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for recognizing revenue:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                              key uncertainties we establish vsoe of selling price using the price charged for a deliverable when sold separately and generally evidenced by a                                                                                                                             as our business and offerings evolve over time, modifications to our pricing and discounting methodologies, changes in the scope and nature of service offerings and/or changes in substantial majority of historical stand-alone transactions falling within a reasonably narrow range. in addition, we consider major service type, customer type, and other variables in determining vsoe. our revenue estimates and assumptions are       customer segmentation may result in a lack of consistency required to establish and/or maintain vsoe or to maintain consistent esp. additionally, technological changes resulting in variability in product costs and gross margins may require changes based on our ability to assert and maintain vsoe. esp is generally                                                                                                                                                                                         to our esp model. changes in esp may result in a different allocation of revenue to the deliverables in multiple-element arrangements. these factors, among others, may adversely impact the amount of revenue and gross margins we report in a evidenced by a majority of historical transactions falling within a reasonable price range. we also consider multiple factors, including, but not limited to, cost of products, gross margin objectives, historical pricing practices, customer type and   particular period.
distribution channels. our revenue estimates and assumptions are based on our ability to maintain consistent esp.
sales returns are estimated based on historical sales returns, current trends and our expectations regarding future experience.                                                                                                                            if there is insufficient relevant historical data for determining our sales returns estimates, or if we experience changes in practices related to sales returns or changes in additionally, distributors and partners participate in various marketing and other programs, and we maintain estimated accruals and allowances for these programs based on contractual terms and historical experience.                                    market or competitive conditions resulting in higher than expected return rates, or if actual credits received by our distributors and partners deviate significantly from our estimates, our revenues may be adversely impacted.
our allowance for bad debt is based on an analysis of accounts receivable and historical bad debts, customer concentration, customer solvency, current economic and geographic                                                                             our reserves for bad debt have generally been sufficient to cover credit losses. however, if the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an trends, and changes in customer payment terms and practices.                                                                                                                                                                                               impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.
inventory valuation and purchase order accruals inventories consist primarily of purchased components and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or market, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. a provision is recorded when inventory is determined to be in excess of anticipated demand or obsolete in order to adjust inventory to its estimated realizable value. the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for estimating the value of our inventories:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                             key uncertainties we periodically perform an excess and obsolete analysis of our inventory. inventories are written down based on excess and obsolete reserves determined primarily on assumptions                                                                          although we use our best estimates to forecast future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or obsolescence related to technological developments, new about future demand forecasts and market conditions. at the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in   product introductions, customer requirements, competition or other factors could have a significant impact on the valuation of our inventory. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected, additional write-downs and other that newly established cost basis.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        charges against earnings that adversely impact gross margins may be required. if actual market conditions are more favorable, we may realize higher gross profits in the period when the written-down inventory is sold.
we are subject to a variety of environmental laws relating to the manufacture of our products. if there are changes to the current regulations, we may be required to make product design changes which may result in excess or obsolete inventory, which could adversely impact our operating results.
we make commitments to our third-party contract manufacturers and other suppliers to manage lead times and meet product forecasts and to other parties to purchase various key                                                                            if the actual materials demand is significantly lower than our forecast, we may be required to increase our recorded liabilities for estimated losses on non-cancelable purchase components used in the manufacture of our products. we establish accruals for estimated losses on non-cancelable purchase commitments when we believe it is probable that the components will not be utilized in future operations.                       commitments which would adversely impact our operating results.
goodwill and purchased intangible assets we allocate the purchase price of acquisitions to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values based on established valuation techniques. goodwill represents the residual value as of the acquisition date, which in most cases is measured as the excess of the purchase consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
the carrying values of purchased intangible assets are reviewed whenever events and circumstances indicate that the net book value of an asset may not be recovered through expected future cash flows from its use and eventual disposition. we periodically review the estimated remaining useful lives of our intangible assets. this review may result in impairment charges or shortened useful lives, resulting in charges to our consolidated statements of operations.
we review goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. the provisions of the accounting standard for goodwill allow us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. for our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we performed a quantitative test at the reporting unit level and determined the fair value substantially exceeded the carrying value for each reporting unit and, therefore, found no impairment of goodwill.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for estimating the value of our goodwill and purchased intangible assets:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     key uncertainties the assessment of fair value for goodwill and purchased intangible assets is based on factors that market participants would use in an                                                                                                                                                                            while we employ experts to determine the acquisition date fair value of acquired intangibles, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on significant orderly transaction in accordance with the accounting guidance for the fair value measurement of nonfinancial assets. the valuation of purchased intangible assets is principally based on estimates of the future performance and cash flows expected to be generated by the acquired assets from the acquired   management assumptions and estimates, which are inherently uncertain and highly subjective and as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. if different assumptions were to be used, it could materially impact the purchase price business.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         allocation.
evaluations of possible goodwill and purchased intangible assets impairment require us to make judgments and assumptions related to the allocation of our balance sheet and income                                                                                                                                in response to changes in industry and market conditions, we could be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise statement amounts and estimate future cash flows and fair market values of our reporting units and assets.                                                                                                                                                                                                        exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill or purchased intangible assets.
assumptions and estimates about future values of our goodwill and purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective. they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as the adverse impact of unanticipated changes in macroeconomic conditions and technological changes or new product introductions from competitors. they can also be affected by internal factors such as changes in business strategy or in forecasted product life cycles and roadmaps. our ongoing consideration of these and other factors could result in future impairment charges or accelerated amortization expense, which could adversely affect our operating results.
product warranties estimated future hardware and software warranty costs are recorded as a cost of product revenues when the related revenue is recognized. we assess the adequacy of our warranty accrual each quarter and adjust the amount as considered necessary.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for product warranties:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                      key uncertainties estimated future software and hardware warranty costs are based on historical and projected warranty claim rates, product failure rates, historical and projected materials and                                                                    although we engage in product quality programs and processes, if we experience unexpected quality issues resulting in higher failure rates or experience increases in costs to logistics costs, distribution and labor costs and knowledge of specific product failures that are outside of our typical experience. we also evaluate our estimates to assess the adequacy of our warranty liability considering the size of the   remediate product failures, additional warranty costs may be incurred. additionally, for new products our warranty liability is based on limited historical experience. if our projections differ from such limited experience, our warranty costs may installed base of products subject to warranty protection and adjust the estimates as necessary.                                                                                                                                                   increase, which could adversely impact our gross margins.
stock-based compensation we recognize stock-based compensation expense for all share-based payment awards, net of an estimated forfeiture rate, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for our stock-based compensation:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                      key uncertainties the fair value of employee stock options and rights to purchase shares under our employee stock purchase plan (espp) is estimated using the black-scholes option-pricing model. the                                to the extent that market conditions or company specific events lead to higher stock price volatility or employee stock option exercise behavior differs from expectations, the key assumptions used in estimating the fair value of such awards include the expected term of the awards, risk free interest rates and the expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the awards.   estimated fair value and stock-based compensation expense may differ significantly in future periods, which could impact our operating results.
stock-based compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to meet service vesting conditions and is impacted by the estimated forfeiture rate.                                                       if we experience employee turnover different from our historical rates, our stock-based compensation expense may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the current period.
valuation of investment securities our investments in debt securities are reported at fair value and are subject to periodic impairment review. unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of these securities are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, unless they are determined to be other-than-temporary impairments. the ultimate value realized on these securities is subject to market price volatility until they are sold. our investment portfolio includes auction rate securities (arss), which we classify as long-term investments as there is no active market and we believe our ability to liquidate these investments in the next twelve months is uncertain.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for the valuation of our investment securities:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                  key uncertainties the estimated fair value of our debt securities, excluding arss, and the associated accounting for unrealized losses is based on an evaluation of current economic and market                                                                  the fair value of our investments in debt securities, including arss, could decrease significantly from uncertainties in the credit and capital markets, credit rating downgrades conditions, the credit rating of the security’s issuer, the length of time and extent a security’s fair value has been below its amortized cost and our ability and intent to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for   and/or solvency of the issuer, decreases in the marketability of the securities or changes in our ability and intent to continue to hold the securities. if the fair value of our investments decreases significantly and is determined to be anticipated recovery in value. if we determine that an investment has an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, we recognize the investment loss in earnings.                                                                             other-than-temporary, we may incur impairment charges that could adversely affect our results of operations.
in estimating the fair value of our arss we consider the assessments of the underlying structure of each security, discounted expected cash flows, credit ratings, workout periods, trading activity for similar securities in the secondary market and overall capital market liquidity.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we compute our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. the company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for our income taxes:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                         key uncertainties our income tax provision is based on existing tax law and advanced pricing agreements or letter rulings we have with various tax authorities.                                         our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by future changes in existing tax laws, such as a change in tax rate, possible u.s.
changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and uncertainties as to future renewals of favorable tax agreements and rulings.
deferred income taxes have not been provided on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries because these earnings have been indefinitely reinvested and there is no plan in   we consider the following matters, among others, in evaluating our plans for indefinite reinvestment: the forecasts, budgets and financial requirements of the parent and the foreseeable future to initiate any action that would precipitate the payment of income taxes thereon.                                                                             subsidiaries for both the long and short term; the tax consequences of a decision to reinvest; and any u.s. and foreign government programs designed to influence remittances. if factors change, future income tax expense and payments may differ significantly from the current period and could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
the determination of whether we should record or adjust a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets is based on assumptions regarding our future profitability.             our future profits could change resulting in a change to our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized. we could adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the tax provision in the period in which such determination is made.
the estimates for our uncertain tax positions are based primarily on company specific circumstances, applicable tax laws, tax opinions from outside firms and past results from       significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions. although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome examinations of our income tax returns.                                                                                                                                               or tax court rulings of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our historical tax provisions and accruals.
new accounting standards see note 3 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a full description of new accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and effects on results of operations and financial condition.
results of operations the following table sets forth certain consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of net revenues for the periods indicated:
software entitlements and maintenance                  14.5                  14.1                  13.0
cost of software entitlements and maintenance           0.5                   0.4                   0.4
gross profit                                           62.0                  59.4                  59.6
sales and marketing                                    30.0                  31.2                  29.9
research and development                               14.5                  14.3                  13.3
restructuring and other charges                         1.4                     —                     —
acquisition-related expense                               —                     —                   0.2
income before income taxes                             11.7                   9.0                  11.4
provision for income taxes                              1.6                   1.0                   1.7
discussion and analysis of results of operations overview — net revenues for fiscal 2014 were $6,325.1 million, down $7.3 million, or less than 1%, compared to fiscal 2013, reflecting a decrease in product revenues, mostly offset by increases in hardware maintenance contract and sem revenues.
net revenues for fiscal 2013 were $6,332.4 million, up $99.2 million, or 2%, compared to fiscal 2012. the increase was due to increases in hardware maintenance contract and sem revenues.
gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased 2.6% during fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to lower unit materials costs due to supply chain efficiencies, partially offset by a lower average selling price (asp) for total configured systems. additionally, gross profit was favorably impacted by lower oem revenues and higher margins on service revenues.
gross profit as a percentage of net revenues decreased less than 1% during fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012.
sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2014 totaled $3,096.5 million, down 1% as a percentage of net revenues compared to fiscal 2013, reflecting cost control programs implemented in fiscal 2014, partially offset by an increase in incentive compensation due to higher achievement against plan.
sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2013 totaled $3,151.6 million, up 7% compared to fiscal 2012. the increase was primarily due to increased compensation costs resulting from a 9% increase in average headcount during fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012.
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change            april 27, 2012            % change net revenues   $6,325.1                  $6,332.4                         —            $6,233.2                  2             %
the slight decrease in net revenues for fiscal 2014 was due to a decrease of $148.4 million in product revenues, offset by an aggregate increase in service and sem revenues of $141.1 million. product revenues comprised 62% of net revenues for fiscal 2014, compared to 65% of net revenues for fiscal 2013.
the increase in net revenues for fiscal 2013 was due to increases in service and sem revenues of $216.6 million, partially offset by a decrease in product revenues of $117.4 million. product revenues comprised 65% of net revenues for fiscal 2013, compared to 68% of net revenues for fiscal 2012.
sales through our indirect channels represented 82%, 81% and 78% of net revenues in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. included in indirect channel sales were $584.7 million, $787.2 million and $889.5 million of oem revenues for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the following customers, each of which is a distributor, accounted for 10% or more of net revenues:
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change              april 27, 2012            % change product revenues   $3,943.9                  $4,092.3                         (4     )%      $4,209.7                         (3     )%
product revenues consist of configured systems, which include bundled hardware and software products, and non-configured products, which consist primarily of add-on storage, oem products and add-on hardware and software products. please refer to the executive overview- our company section for a description of how, effective the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we aggregate our fas product platforms into entry-level, mid-range and high-end systems for reporting purposes.
total configured system revenues of $2,287.3 million increased by $4.2 million in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013. revenues from fas high-end systems and e-series (which includes our all flash ef systems) increased, offset by decreases in fas entry level and mid-range systems. total configured systems unit volume increased 1.6% during fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013, primarily as a result of unit increases in the fas high-end and mid-range systems and e-series systems, partially offset by a decrease in unit volume of the fas entry level systems, reflecting a shift in customer demand to our newer mid-range and high-end products, lower sales to the u.s. public sector market, and higher demand for our e-series systems. the average selling prices (asp’s) decreased across all fas system platforms in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 due to higher
discounting and higher demand of newer lower priced products, while the asp for e-series increased due to higher asps on all-flash e-series systems. overall, asps of total configured systems decreased 1% during fiscal 2014 due to higher discounting and product mix.
total configured system revenues of $2,283.1 million increased by $63.4 million, or 3%, in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012, primarily due to an increase in revenues from fas entry-level and high-end systems, partially offset by a decrease in fas mid-range systems. total configured systems unit volume increased 9% during fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. unit volume for both the fas entry-level and high-end systems increased, while unit volume of the fas mid-range systems decreased, reflecting a shift in customer demand from certain older mid-range systems to certain entry level systems and increased demand for the high-end systems. the asp’s across all fas configured systems increased due to increased capacity during fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. however, asps of total configured systems decreased during fiscal 2013, due to a shift in sales from higher priced fas mid-range systems to lower priced entry level systems.
our systems are highly configurable to respond to customer requirements in the open systems storage markets that we serve. this can cause a wide variation in product configurations that can significantly impact revenues, cost of revenues and gross profits. pricing changes, discounting practices, product competition, foreign currency, unit volumes, customer mix, natural disasters and product materials costs can also impact revenues, cost of revenues and/or gross profits. disks are a significant component of our storage systems. while our sales price per terabyte historically declines over time, improved system performance, increased capacity and software to manage this increased capacity have an offsetting favorable impact on product revenues.
software entitlements and maintenance revenues (in millions, except percentages):
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change             april 27, 2012            % change software entitlements and maintenance revenues   $914.8                    $893.5                    2             %      $812.2                    10            %
sem revenues are associated with contracts which entitle customers to receive unspecified product upgrades and enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis, as well as bug fixes and patch releases.
the increases in sem revenues in each period were due to increases in the aggregate contract value of the installed base under sem contracts, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the terms of the underlying contracts. in addition, in fiscal 2014, our sem revenues were favorably impacted by a change in our pricing strategy, effective in the fourth quarter of that period, such that we now charge for sem services on the storage capacity sold in our configured systems and add-on storage products. we expect this change to result in favorable trends in our sem revenues as a percentage of total revenues in fiscal 2015.
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change             april 27, 2012            % change service revenues   $1,466.4                  $1,346.6                  9             %      $1,211.3                  11            %
hardware maintenance contract revenues represent 77%, 74% and 70%, of service revenues in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. these revenues increased $137.8 million, or 14%, during fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013, and increased $143.5 million, or 17%, during fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. the increases in each year are a result of increases in the installed base and aggregate contract values under service contracts. professional services and educational and training services comprised 23%, 26% and 30% of service revenues for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013         % change                 april 27, 2012         % change americas (united states, canada and latin america)            $3,513.3                  $3,552.5                  (1   )%               $3,529.7         1             %
americas revenues consist of sales to americas commercial and u.s. public sector markets. during fiscal 2014, americas revenues were unfavorably impacted by a decrease in sales to the u.s. public sector market. during fiscal 2013, emea revenues were negatively impacted by the general macroeconomic conditions in the region.
sales to customers inside the united states comprised 89%, 89% and 86% of americas net revenues during fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. sales to germany accounted for $632.6 million for fiscal 2012. no other foreign country accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues in an individual fiscal year.
cost of revenues our cost of revenues consists of three elements: (1) cost of product revenues, which includes the costs of manufacturing and shipping our storage products, amortization of purchased intangible assets, inventory write-downs, and warranty costs, (2) cost of sem, which includes the costs of providing sem and third-party royalty costs and (3) cost of service revenues, which includes costs associated with providing support activities for hardware maintenance, global support partnership programs, professional services and educational and training services.
our gross profit is impacted by a variety of factors, including pricing changes, discounting practices, foreign currency, product configuration, unit volumes, customer mix, revenue mix, natural disasters and product material costs. service gross profit is typically impacted by factors such as changes in the size of our installed base of products, as well as the timing of support service initiations and renewals, and incremental investments in our customer support infrastructure. if any of these factors that impact our gross profit are adversely affected, whether by economic uncertainties or for other reasons, our gross profit could decline.
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change              april 27, 2012            % change cost of product revenues   $1,777.1                  $1,959.9                         (9     )%      $1,979.9                         (1     )%
the changes in cost of product revenues consisted of the following (in percentage points of the total change):
percentage                     percentage change                             change points                             points materials cost                                 (7   )                  (3   )
total change                                   (9   )                  (1   )
cost of product revenues represented 45%, 48% and 47% of product revenues for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
materials cost represented 84%, 83% and 85% of product costs for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
materials cost decreased $129.0 million in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 due to an overall decrease in average unit materials cost across all fas platforms, reflecting increased supply chain efficiencies and favorable changes in product mix. additionally, materials cost was favorably impacted by lower oem product volume compared to fiscal 2013 and to lower materials cost of add-on hardware and storage. this decrease was partially offset by a 1.6% unit volume increase in configured systems, resulting in higher gross margins on products compared to fiscal 2013. in addition, cost of product revenues in fiscal 2014 was favorably impacted by a $24.6 million decrease in hardware-related warranty expense and a $14.1 million decrease in excess and obsolete inventory write-downs compared to fiscal 2013.
materials cost decreased $58.9 million in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 due to change in mix of configured systems towards lower cost fas entry level systems, lower drive costs and lower oem product volume, resulting in an overall decrease in average unit materials cost. this decrease was partially offset by a 9% unit volume increase in configured systems. in addition, cost of product revenues in fiscal 2013 reflected a $26.9 million increase in hardware-related warranty expense and an $11.7 million increase in inventory write-downs compared to fiscal 2012.
cost of software entitlements and maintenance revenues (in millions, except percentages):
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change             april 27, 2012            % change cost of software entitlements and maintenance revenues   $30.7                     $28.3                     8             %      $23.9                     18            %
cost of sem revenues increased primarily due to higher royalty costs in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 and in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. cost of sem revenues represented 3% of sem revenues for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012.
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change             april 27, 2012            % change cost of service revenues   $598.2                    $583.1                    3             %      $516.0                    13            %
cost of service revenues increased in fiscal 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to increases in spares materials costs and a higher volume of service calls related to a higher service contract base, largely offset by
headcount related savings and lower per unit logistics and service delivery costs. cost of service revenues increased in fiscal 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to increases in service contract fulfillment, logistics and service delivery costs. costs represented 41%, 43% and 43% of service revenues for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012.
operating expenses sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses compensation costs comprise the largest component of operating expenses. included in compensation costs are salaries, benefits, other compensation-related costs, stock-based compensation expense and employee incentive compensation plan costs.
total compensation costs included in operating expenses increased $28.2 million, or 2% during fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to increases in incentive compensation reflecting stronger operating performance against goals.
total compensation costs included in operating expenses increased $111.1 million, or 7% during fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012, primarily due to an increase in salaries, benefits and other compensation-related costs due to an increase in average headcount.
sales and marketing (in millions, except percentages):
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change              april 27, 2012            % change sales and marketing expenses   $1,898.2                  $1,974.8                         (4     )%      $1,864.0                  6             %
sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, commissions, outside services, allocated facilities and it costs, advertising and marketing promotional expense and travel and entertainment expense. sales and marketing expenses increased (decreased) due to the following:
percentage                     percentage change                             change points                             points compensation costs                                —                       3
facilities and it support costs   1                                       2
total change                                     (4   )                   6
compensation costs during fiscal 2014 reflect higher incentive compensation that was more than offset by lower stock-based compensation and salaries expense. depreciation and amortization expense decreased during fiscal 2014 due to certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized during fiscal 2013. facilities and it support costs increased during fiscal 2014 due to our increased investment in sales it systems. the decrease in other sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to our fiscal 2014 cost containment programs.
the increase in compensation costs during fiscal 2013 is primarily due to higher salaries and stock-based compensation resulting from a 9% increase in average sales and marketing headcount compared to fiscal 2012. facilities and it support costs increased during fiscal 2013 due to our increased investment in sales it systems.
research and development (in millions, except percentages):
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change             april 27, 2012            % change research and development expenses   $917.3                    $904.2                    1             %      $828.2                    9             %
research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, allocated facilities and it costs, depreciation, equipment and software related costs, prototypes, non-recurring engineering charges and other outside services costs. research and development expense increased (decreased) due to the following:
percentage              percentage change                  change points                  points compensation costs                     2                       6
development projects                  (1   )                   1
total change                           1                       9
the increase in compensation costs during fiscal 2014 is primarily due to higher incentive compensation. depreciation expense during fiscal 2014 increased due to higher levels of investment in engineering equipment. the decrease in development projects expense during fiscal 2014 reflects lower spending on materials and services associated with engineering activities to develop new product lines and enhancements to existing products.
the increase in compensation costs during fiscal 2013 is primarily due to higher salaries, stock-based compensation and incentive compensation resulting from an increase of 9% in average engineering headcount compared to fiscal 2012. depreciation and amortization expense increased during fiscal 2013 due to higher levels of investment in engineering equipment.
we believe that our future performance will depend in large part on our ability to maintain and enhance our current product line, develop new products that achieve market acceptance, maintain technological competitiveness and meet an expanding range of customer requirements. we expect to continue to spend on current and future product development efforts, broaden our existing product offerings and introduce new products that expand our solutions portfolio.
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change             april 27, 2012            % change general and administrative expenses   $281.0                    $272.6                    3             %      $264.9                    3             %
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, professional and corporate legal fees, outside services and allocated facilities and it support costs. general and administrative expense increased (decreased) due to the following:
percentage              percentage change                  change points                  points compensation costs                                                 5                       3
total change                                                       3                       3
the increase in compensation costs in fiscal 2014 is primarily due to higher incentive compensation and to a lesser extent higher stock-based compensation and salaries expense. the increase in professional and legal fees and outside services during fiscal 2014 reflects higher fees related to legal activities, partially offset by lower spending levels on contractors and professional services. bad debt expense in fiscal 2014 decreased $6.5 million compared to fiscal 2013.
the increase in compensation costs in fiscal 2013 is primarily due to higher salaries resulting from an increase of 8% in average general and administrative headcount during fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. the decreases in outside services during fiscal 2013 reflect lower spending on contractors and various operational projects, as well as the absence of engenio integration activities in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012.
acquisition-related expense (in millions, except percentages):
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change              april 27, 2012            % change acquisition-related expense   $—                        $1.7                             (100   )%      $9.8                             (83    )%
during fiscal 2013, we incurred $1.7 million of acquisition costs, primarily related to severance costs associated with the termination of certain acquiree company employees. during fiscal 2012, we incurred $9.8 million of due diligence, legal and integration charges associated with our acquisition of engenio.
restructuring and other charges:
in march 2014 and may 2013, we initiated business realignment plans designed to focus our resources on key strategic initiatives and streamline our business in light of the constrained it spending environment, resulting in a reduction of our global workforce of approximately 11% in aggregate, for which we have recognized an aggregate of $88.3 million of employee severance costs in fiscal 2014. we have completed all activities under the may 2013 plan, and expect to complete activities under the march 2014 plan in the first six months of fiscal 2015, with no significant additional charges.
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change              april 27, 2012            % change interest income   $34.9                     $42.2                            (17    )%      $38.2                     10            %
the decrease in interest income for fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily due to a decrease in our investment portfolio as a result of the liquidation of some of our investments to repay our convertible notes and to pay for stock repurchases.
the increase in interest income for fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 was primarily due to increases in our investment portfolio, partially offset by lower yields.
year ended april 25, 2014             april 26, 2013             % change              april 27, 2012             % change interest expense   $(36.1              )      $(91.7              )             (61    )%      $(74.7              )      23            %
interest expense, including the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs, is related to our senior notes and convertible notes as summarized below:
the increase in interest expense related to our senior notes in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 reflects their issuance in december 2012. the decrease in interest expense related to our convertible notes in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 reflects their maturity in june 2013.
the increase in interest expense related to our convertible notes in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 reflects lower capitalized interest and higher amortization of debt discount and issuance costs.
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change              april 27, 2012            % change other income, net   $7.6                      $8.3                             (8     )%      $2.4                      246           %
the decrease in other income, net for fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 is primarily due to lower net foreign exchange gains, partially offset by higher unrealized net gains on investments. the increase in other income, net for fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 is primarily due to net foreign exchange gains.
provision for income taxes (in millions, except percentages):
year ended april 25, 2014            april 26, 2013            % change             april 27, 2012            % change provision for income taxes   $103.2                    $61.3                     68            %      $107.0                           (43    )%
our effective tax rate for fiscal 2014 was 13.9% compared to an effective tax rate of 10.8% for fiscal 2013, and an effective tax rate of 15.0% for fiscal 2012. our effective tax rates reflect our corporate legal entity structure and the global nature of our business with a significant amount of our profits generated and taxed in foreign jurisdictions at rates below the u.s. statutory tax rate. the effective tax rates for fiscal 2012 through fiscal 2014 were favorably impacted by the geographic mix of profits.
the effective tax rate of 13.9% in fiscal 2014 included a benefit of $163.3 million, or 22.0 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35%. other key components of our effective tax rate for the year included a benefit of $8.7 million, or 1.2 percentage points, related to current year research and development credits, an expense of $9.8 million, or 1.3 percentage points, attributable to non-deductible stock-based compensation and an expense of $5.6 million, or 0.8 percentage points, related to state tax provisions.
the effective tax rate of 10.8% in fiscal 2013 included a benefit of $144.4 million, or 25.5 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35%. other key components of our effective tax rate for the year included a benefit of $12.1 million, or 2.1 percentage points, related to current year research and development credits, and an expense of $18.4 million, or 3.2 percentage points, attributable to non-deductible stock-based compensation.
the effective tax rate of 15.0% in fiscal 2012 included a benefit of $162.2 million, or 22.8 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35%. other key components of our effective tax rate for the year included a benefit of $10.9 million, or 1.5 percentage points, related to research and development credits, an expense of $14.4 million, or 2.0 percentage points, attributable to non-deductible stock-based compensation, an expense of $6.4 million, or 0.9 percentage points, for state tax expense and an expense of $7.3 million, or 1.0 percentage point, in connection with income tax audits.
on january 2, 2013, the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 (the act) was signed into law. under the act, the federal research credit was retroactively extended for amounts paid or incurred after december 31, 2011, and before january 1, 2014. as a result of the extension, in fiscal 2013 we recorded a benefit of $12.1 million related to the fiscal 2013 research credit and a benefit of $3.2 million related to prior year credits that we retroactively claimed. the federal research credit expired on december 31, 2013.
we are currently undergoing federal income tax audits in the united states and several foreign tax jurisdictions. transfer pricing is a key issue under audit in various jurisdictions, and is often subject to dispute. our fiscal 2005 through 2007 income tax returns are currently under audit by the irs. on may 19, 2014, we received a revenue agent’s report (rar) from the irs field examination team for the audit period. the rar is subject to further review and approval by certain higher authorities within the irs before submission to the joint committee of taxation for final review and approval. we expect to close our fiscal 2005 through 2007 income tax audit within the next twelve months. our fiscal 2008 through fiscal 2010 income tax returns are currently under audit by the irs. we are currently in the process of responding to inquiries from the irs examination team. we expect the irs examination team to finish the field audit within the next twelve months. in january 2014, the california franchise tax board temporarily closed the audit of our fiscal 2007 and 2008 income tax returns and will reopen the audit upon the conclusion of the applicable federal irs audits.
our open years in u.s. federal jurisdictions are fiscal 2005 and later years. in addition, we are effectively subject to federal tax examination adjustments for tax years ended on or after fiscal year 2000, in that we have tax attribute carryforwards from these years that could be subject to adjustments, if and when utilized.
on september 17, 2010, the danish tax authorities issued a decision concluding that distributions declared in 2005 and 2006 from our danish subsidiary were subject to danish at-source dividend withholding tax. we do not believe that our danish subsidiary is liable for withholding tax and filed an appeal with the danish tax tribunal to that effect. on december 19, 2011, the danish tax tribunal issued a ruling that our danish subsidiary was not liable for danish withholding tax. the danish tax examination agency appealed the ruling to the danish high court in march 2012.
we continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, if any, of the expected expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions, as further discussed in note 13
of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. we believe that within the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that either certain audits will conclude or statutes of limitations on certain income tax examination periods will expire, or both. given the uncertainties involved in all tax audits, we can only determine a range of estimated potential increase in underlying unrecognized tax benefits ranging from $23.5 million to approximately $45.9 million.
liquidity and capital resources the following sections discuss our principal liquidity requirements, as well as our sources and uses of cash flows on our liquidity and capital resources. the principal objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity. we attempt to mitigate default risk by investing in high-quality investment grade securities, limiting the time to maturity and monitoring the counter-parties and underlying obligors closely. we believe our cash equivalents and short-term investments are liquid and accessible. we are not aware of any significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents or investments from the values reported as of april 25, 2014.
liquidity, capital resources and cash requirements
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments                $5,003.3                $6,952.6
debt as a % of stockholders’ equity                                       26   %                  48   %
the following is a summary of our cash flow activities:
net cash provided by operating activities                      $1,349.6                              $1,386.3
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities            760.4                                   (228.6   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                      (3,104.0   )                   578.9
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   7.9                                       (9.3   )
cash flows as of april 25, 2014, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments decreased by $1.9 billion from april 26, 2013 to $5.0 billion. the decrease was primarily due to the repayment of the principal amount of our convertible notes of $1.3 billion and $1.9 billion in cash paid for the repurchase of our common stock, partially offset by $1.3 billion of cash provided by operating activities. we derive our liquidity and capital resources primarily from our operating cash flows and from working capital. accounts receivable days sales outstanding as of april 25, 2014 were 47 days compared to 42 days as of april 26, 2013. working capital decreased by $0.8 billion to $3.8 billion as of april 25, 2014 as a result of a decrease of $1.9 billion in current assets, primarily due to the net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, partially offset by a decrease of $1.1 billion in current liabilities, primarily due to the maturity of our convertible notes in the first quarter of fiscal 2014.
cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2014, we generated cash from operating activities of $1.3 billion. the primary sources of cash from operating activities during fiscal 2014 consisted of net income of $637.5 million, adjusted by depreciation and amortization of $334.1 million and stock-based compensation of $273.0 million.
changes in assets and liabilities during fiscal 2014 included the following:
•   accounts receivable increased primarily due to the impact of more back-ended shipment linearity in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year.
during fiscal 2013, we generated cash from operating activities of $1.4 billion. the primary sources of cash from operating activities during fiscal 2013 consisted of net income of $505.3 million, adjusted by depreciation and amortization of $344.6 million and stock-based compensation of $276.6 million.
changes in assets and liabilities during fiscal 2013 included the following:
•   accrued compensation and other current liabilities increased due to an increase in hardware-related warranty accruals and employee compensation plans.
we expect that cash provided by operating activities may materially fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, shipment linearity, accounts receivable collections performance, inventory and supply chain management, tax benefits or charges from stock-based compensation, and the timing and amount of compensation and other payments.
cash flows from investing activities during fiscal 2014, we generated $975.0 million from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases, and paid $221.4 million for capital expenditures.
during fiscal 2013, we generated $177.0 million from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases, completed business acquisitions for net cash payments of $106.5 million and paid $303.3 million for capital expenditures, including $69.6 million related to buildings and land associated with the buyout of our remaining synthetic leases.
cash flows from financing activities during fiscal 2014, we used $1.3 billion for the principal repayment of our convertible notes and used $1.9 billion for the repurchase of 47.3 million shares of our common stock and the purchase of a related forward contract.
during fiscal 2013, we generated $987.3 million, net, from the issuance of long-term debt, used $590.0 million for the repurchase of 18.1 million shares of common stock and received an aggregate of $183.5 million of proceeds and excess tax benefits from employee equity award plans, net of shares withheld for taxes.
liquidity our principal sources of liquidity as of april 25, 2014 consisted of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, as well as cash we expect to generate from operations.
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments consist of the following (in millions):
short-term investments                2,712.3             3,675.5
as of april 25, 2014 and april 26, 2013, $4.3 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively, of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was held by various foreign subsidiaries and was generally based in u.s. dollar-denominated holdings, while $0.7 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively, was available in the united states. most of the amounts held outside the united states can be repatriated to the united states but, under current law, would be subject to u.s. federal, state income and foreign withholding taxes. if we were to repatriate foreign earnings for cash requirements in the united states, we would incur u.s. federal and state income taxes reduced by the current amount of our u.s. federal and state tax credit carry forwards. however, our intent is to keep these funds permanently reinvested outside of the united states, and our current plans do not contemplate a need to repatriate them to fund our u.s. operations. our principal liquidity requirements are primarily to meet our working capital needs, support ongoing business activities, fund research and development, meet capital expenditure needs, invest in critical or complementary technologies, and service interest and principal payments on our debt.
key factors that could affect our cash flows include changes in our revenue mix and profitability, our ability to effectively manage our working capital, in particular, accounts receivable and inventories, the timing and amount of stock repurchases and payment of cash dividends, our ability to effectively integrate acquired products, businesses and technologies and the timing of repayments of our debt. based on past performance and our current business outlook, we believe that our sources of liquidity, including potential future issuances of debt, equity or other securities, will satisfy our working capital needs, capital expenditures, investment requirements, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on our debt and other liquidity requirements associated with operations and meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. however, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to curtail spending and implement additional cost saving measures and restructuring actions or enter into new financing arrangements. we cannot be certain that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to obtain additional financing, if necessary, on satisfactory terms, if at all.
our investment portfolio, including auction rate securities, has been and will continue to be exposed to market risk due to trends in the credit and capital markets. we continue to closely monitor current economic and market events to minimize the market risk of our investment portfolio. we utilize a variety of planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure our worldwide cash is available when and where it is needed. based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed credit lines will satisfy, through at least the next 12 months, our liquidity requirements, both in total and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. we routinely monitor our financial exposure to both sovereign and non-sovereign borrowers and counterparties.
interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually. for further information on the underlying terms, see note 9 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
credit facility our credit facility, under which we may borrow up to $250.0 million, provides another potential source of liquidity. the credit facility is an unsecured five-year revolving credit facility that terminates on december 21,
2017 if no extensions have been requested at that time, and contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio. we may also, subject to certain requirements, request an increase in the facility up to an additional $100.0 million and request two additional one-year extensions, subject to certain conditions. as of april 25, 2014, no borrowings were outstanding under the facility and we were in compliance with all covenants associated with the facility.
we also have an automatic shelf registration statement on file with the sec, pursuant to which, subsequent to year-end on june 5, 2014, we completed a debt offering and raised $494.7 million, net of discount and offering costs, through the issuance of long-term debt, as further discussed in note 18 to our consolidated financial statements. we may in the future offer an additional unspecified amount of debt, equity and other securities.
capital expenditure requirements we expect to fund our capital expenditures, including our commitments related to facilities, equipment, operating leases and internal-use software development projects over the next few years through existing cash, cash equivalents, investments and cash generated from operations. the timing and amount of our capital requirements cannot be precisely determined and will depend on a number of factors, including future demand for products, changes in the network storage industry, hiring plans and our decisions related to the financing of our facilities and equipment requirements. our capital expenditures were $221.4 million during fiscal 2014. we anticipate capital expenditures for fiscal 2015 to be between $200.0 million and $250.0 million.
dividends and stock repurchase program on may 21, 2014, we declared a cash dividend of $0.165 per share of common stock, payable on july 22, 2014 to holders of record as of the close of business on july 10, 2014.
our board of directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $7.1 billion of our common stock under our stock repurchase program, including an increase of $1.6 billion approved by our board of directors in may 2013. under this program, we can purchase shares of our outstanding common stock through open market and privately negotiated transactions at prices deemed appropriate by our management. the stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. since the may 13, 2003 inception of this program through april 25, 2014, we repurchased a total of 184.3 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $32.55 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $6.0 billion. as of april 25, 2014, the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program was $1.1 billion with no termination date, which we plan to complete by may 2015.
the timing and amount of stock repurchase transactions and future dividends will depend on market conditions, corporate business and financial considerations and regulatory requirements.
contractual obligations the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with the factors that impact our cash flows from operations discussed previously. the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at april 25, 2014 (in millions):
fiscal year                                           2015            2016            2017          2018            2019             thereafter            total off-balance sheet commitments:
office space and equipment lease commitments                  $63.3           $51.5         $27.5           $14.8         $12.2           $33.9           $203.2
purchase commitments with contract manufacturers(1)           258.4               —             —               —             —           —                258.4
capital expenditures                                           30.2             0.3           0.3             0.3             —           —                 31.1
total off-balance sheet commitments                           458.9           100.1          44.5            17.2          12.2            33.9            666.8
uncertain tax positions(4)                                                                                                                                 180.0
other commercial commitments:
letters of credit                                              $5.1            $3.0          $1.8            $1.6          $0.1            $1.0            $12.6
(1)                                              contract manufacturer commitments consist of obligations for on-hand inventories and non-cancelable purchase orders with our contract manufacturers. we recorded a liability for firm, non-cancelable and unconditional purchase commitments with contract manufacturers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts through a charge to cost of product sales. as of april 25, 2014, such liability amounted to $11.5 million and is included in other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
(2)                                                      purchase obligations represent an estimate of all open purchase orders and contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, other than commitments with contract manufacturers, for which we have not received the goods or services. purchase obligations do not include contracts that may be cancelled without penalty. although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
2017 and $250.0 million is due in december 2022. estimated interest payments for our long-term debt, assuming no early retirement of debt obligations are $133.1 million for fiscal 2015 through fiscal 2023.
(4)   as of april 25, 2014, our liability for uncertain tax positions was $180.0 million, including interest and penalties, which due to the uncertainty of the timing of future payments, are presented in the total column on a separate line in this table.
some of the amounts in the table above are based on management’s estimates and assumptions, including the commitment duration, the possibility of renewal or termination, anticipated actions by management and third parties and other factors. because these estimates and assumptions are subjective, our actual future obligations may vary from those reflected in the table.
legal contingencies we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims which arise in the normal course of business. see further details on such matters in note 17 to our consolidated financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, we provide standby letters of credit or other guarantee instruments to third parties as required for certain transactions initiated either by us or our subsidiaries. as of april 25, 2014, our financial guarantees of $12.6 million that were not recorded on our consolidated balance sheet consisted primarily of standby letters of credit and surety bonds.
in the ordinary course of business, some of our customers have entered into recourse and non-recourse financing leasing arrangements using third-party financing companies, and in some situations, we enter into customer financing arrangements for our products and services that are contemporaneously sold on a recourse or non-recourse basis to third-party financing companies. during the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. where we provide a guarantee for recourse leases, we defer revenues subject to the industry-specific software revenue recognition guidance, and recognize revenues for non-software deliverables in accordance with our multiple deliverable revenue arrangement policy. in connection with certain recourse financing arrangements, we receive advance payments associated with undelivered elements that are subject to customer refund rights. we defer revenue associated with these advance payments until the related refund rights expire and we perform the services. as of april 25, 2014, the maximum guaranteed payment contingencies under our financing arrangements totaled $205.8 million and the related deferred revenue totaled $193.1 million.
we enter into indemnification agreements with third parties in the ordinary course of business. generally, these indemnification agreements require us to reimburse losses suffered by the third-parties due to various events, such as lawsuits arising from patent or copyright infringement. these indemnification obligations are considered off-balance sheet arrangements under accounting guidance.