item 1a.    risk factors our investors should consider the following risks that could affect us and our business.  although we have tried to discuss key factors, our investors need to be aware that other risks may prove to be important in the future.  new risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our financial performance.  risks related to oneok partners' business discussed below will also affect us indirectly as we are the sole general partner and, as of december 31, 2014, owned 37.8 percent of oneok partners. investors should carefully consider the following discussion of risks and the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report, including "forward-looking statements," which are included in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
our partnership interest in oneok partners is our primary cash-generating source.  therefore, our cash flow is heavily dependent upon the ability of oneok partners to make distributions to its partners.  a significant decline in oneok partners' earnings and/or cash distributions could have a corresponding negative impact on us.  for information on the risk factors inherent in the business of oneok partners, see the section below entitled "additional risk factors related to oneok partners' business" and item 1a, risk factors in the oneok partners' annual report.
our indebtedness could impair our financial condition and our ability to fulfill our obligations.
as of december 31, 2014, we had total indebtedness for borrowed money of approximately $1.1 billion, which excludes the debt of oneok partners.  our indebtedness could have significant consequences.  for example, it could:
•   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our senior notes and our other indebtedness due to the increased debt-service obligations, which could, in turn, result in an event of default on such other indebtedness or our senior notes;
•   impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general business purposes;
•   diminish our ability to withstand a downturn in our business or the economy;
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to debt-service payments, reducing the availability of cash for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends or general corporate purposes;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which oneok partners operates; and
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors that have proportionately less debt.
we are not prohibited under the indentures governing our senior notes from incurring additional indebtedness, but our debt agreements do subject us to certain operational limitations summarized in the next paragraph.  if we incur significant additional indebtedness, it could worsen the negative consequences mentioned above and could affect adversely our ability to repay our other indebtedness.
our revolving debt agreements with banks contain provisions that restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue our business activities.  for example, certain of these agreements contain provisions that, among other things, limit our ability to make loans or investments, make material changes to the nature of our business, merge, consolidate or engage in asset sales, grant liens or make negative pledges.  certain agreements also require us to maintain certain financial ratios, which limit the amount of additional indebtedness we can incur, as described in the "liquidity and capital resources" section of item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation. these restrictions could result in higher costs of borrowing and impair our ability to generate additional cash.  future financing agreements we may enter into may contain similar or more restrictive covenants.
if we are unable to meet our debt-service obligations, we could be forced to restructure or refinance our indebtedness, seek additional equity capital or sell assets.  we may be unable to obtain financing or sell assets on satisfactory terms, or at all.
the cost of providing pension and postretirement health care benefits to eligible employees and qualified retirees is subject to changes in pension fund values and changing demographics and may increase.
we have a defined benefit pension plan for certain employees and postretirement welfare plans that provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain employees who retire with at least five years of service.  the cost of providing these benefits to eligible current and former employees is subject to changes in the market value of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets, changing demographics, including longer life expectancy of plan participants and their beneficiaries and changes in health care costs.  for further discussion of our defined benefit pension plan, see note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
any sustained declines in equity markets and reductions in bond yields may have a material adverse effect on the value of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets.  in these circumstances, additional cash contributions to our pension plans may be required, which could aversely impact our business, financial condition and liquidity.
federal, state and local jurisdictions may challenge our tax return positions.
the positions taken in our federal and state tax return filings require significant judgments, use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws.  significant judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items.  despite management's belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable, certain positions may be successfully challenged by federal, state and local jurisdictions.
the separation of one gas could result in substantial tax liability.
we have received a private letter ruling from the irs substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the separation and certain related transactions qualify under sections 355 and/or 368 of the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986, as amended.  if the factual assumptions or representations made in the request for the private letter ruling prove to have been inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, then we will not be able to rely on the ruling.  furthermore, the irs does not rule on whether a distribution such as the separation satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under section 355 of the code.  the private letter ruling was based on representations by us that those requirements were satisfied, and any inaccuracy in those representations could invalidate the ruling.  in connection with the separation, we obtained an opinion of outside legal and tax counsel, substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the separation and certain related transactions qualify under sections 355 and 368 of the code.  the opinion relies on, among other things, the continuing validity of the private letter ruling and various assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by us which, if inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, would jeopardize the conclusions reached by such counsel in its opinion.  the opinion will not be binding on the irs or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the irs or the courts would not challenge the conclusions stated in the opinion or that any such challenge would not prevail.
although we control oneok partners, we may have conflicts of interest with oneok partners that could subject us to claims that we have breached our fiduciary duty to oneok partners and its unitholders.
we are the sole general partner and owned 37.8 percent of oneok partners as of december 31, 2014.  conflicts of interest may arise between us and oneok partners and its unitholders.  in resolving these conflicts, we may favor our own interests and the interests of our affiliates over the interests of oneok partners and its unitholders as long as the resolution does not conflict with the oneok partners' partnership agreement or our fiduciary duties to oneok partners and its unitholders.
risk factors inherent in both oneok and oneok partners market volatility and capital availability could affect adversely our business.
the capital and global credit markets have experienced volatility and disruption in the past.  in many cases during these periods, the capital markets have exerted downward pressure on equity values and reduced the credit capacity for certain companies.  oneok partners' ability to grow could be constrained if it does not have regular access to the capital and global credit markets.  similar or more severe levels of global market disruption and volatility may have an adverse affect on us or oneok partners resulting from, but not limited to, disruption of access to capital and credit markets, difficulty in obtaining financing necessary to expand facilities or acquire assets, increased financing costs and increasingly restrictive covenants.
our operating results may be affected materially and adversely by unfavorable economic and market conditions.
economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in the oil and natural gas industry, as well as in the specific segments and markets in which oneok partners operates, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for its products and services. oneok partners' operating results in one or more geographic regions may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions within that region.  volatility in commodity prices may have an impact on many of oneok partners' customers, which, in turn, could have a negative impact on their ability to meet their obligations to oneok partners.  if global economic and market conditions (including volatility in commodity markets) or economic conditions in the united states or other key markets remain uncertain or persist, spread or deteriorate further, we and oneok partners may experience material impacts on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
terrorist attacks directed at our or oneok partners' facilities could affect adversely our business.
since the terrorist attacks on september 11, 2001, the united states government has issued warnings that energy assets, specifically the nation's pipeline infrastructure, may be future targets of terrorist organizations.  these developments may subject oneok partners' operations to increased risks.  any future terrorist attack that targets oneok partners' facilities, those of its customers and, in some cases, those of other pipelines, or our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our businesses are subject to market and credit risks.
we and oneok partners are exposed to market and credit risks in all of our operations.  to reduce the impact of commodity price fluctuations, oneok partners uses derivative transactions, such as swaps, futures and forwards, to hedge anticipated purchases and sales of natural gas, ngls and crude oil and firm transportation commitments.  interest-rate swaps are also used to manage interest-rate risk. however, derivative instruments do not eliminate the risks.  specifically, such risks include commodity price changes, market supply shortages, interest-rate changes and counterparty default.  the impact of these variables could result in our and oneok partners' inability to fulfill contractual obligations, significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to corresponding sales contracts, or increased interest expense.
we or oneok partners may not be able to make additional strategic acquisitions or investments.
our and oneok partners' ability to make strategic acquisitions and investments will depend on:
•   the extent to which acquisitions and investment opportunities become available;
•   success in bidding for the opportunities that do become available;
•   regulatory approval, if required, of the acquisitions or investments on favorable terms; and
•   access to capital, including the ability to use our or equity in acquisitions or investments, and the terms upon which we obtain capital.
if we or oneok partners are unable to make strategic investments and acquisitions, we or oneok partners may be unable to grow.
acquisitions that appear to be accretive may nevertheless reduce our cash from operations on a per-share basis.
any acquisition involves potential risks that may include, among other things:
•   an inability to integrate successfully the businesses we acquire;
•   decrease in our liquidity as a result of our using a significant portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity to finance the acquisition;
•   a significant increase in our interest expense and/or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance the acquisition;
•   the assumption of unknown liabilities for which we are not indemnified, our indemnity is inadequate or our insurance policies may exclude from coverage;
•   an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate the acquired business and assets;
•   limitations on rights to indemnity from the seller;
•   inaccurate assumptions about the overall costs of equity or debt;
if we or oneok partners consummate any future acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly, and investors will not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial and other relevant information that we will consider in determining the application of our resources to future acquisitions.
we or oneok partners may engage in acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions, the success of which may impact results of operations.
we or oneok partners may engage in acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions.  if we or oneok partners are unable to integrate successfully businesses that we acquire with our respective existing businesses, our results of operations may be affected materially and adversely. similarly, we or oneok partners may from time to time divest portions of our respective businesses, which may also affect materially and adversely our results of operations.
we have developed and implemented a comprehensive set of policies and procedures that involve both our senior management and the audit committee of our board of directors to assist us in managing risks associated with, among other things, the marketing, trading and risk-management activities associated with our business segments.  our risk policies and procedures are intended to align strategies, processes, people, information technology and business knowledge so that risk is managed throughout the organization. as conditions change and become more complex, current risk measures may fail to assess adequately the relevant risk due to changes in the market and the presence of risks previously unknown to us.  additionally, if employees fail to adhere to our policies and procedures or if our policies and procedures are not effective, potentially because of future conditions or risks outside of our control, we may be exposed to greater risk than we had intended.  ineffective risk-management policies and procedures or violation of risk-management policies and procedures could have an adverse affect on our earnings, financial position or cash flows.
we and oneok partners utilize financial instruments and physical-forward transactions to mitigate our exposure to interest-rate fluctuations. hedging instruments that are used to reduce our exposure to interest-rate fluctuations could expose us to risk of financial loss, including where we have contracted for variable-rate swap instruments to hedge fixed-rate instruments and the variable rate exceeds the fixed rate.  in addition, these hedging arrangements may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive if we had contracted for fixed-rate swap agreements to hedge variable-rate instruments and the variable rate falls below the fixed rate.
an impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets, including intangible assets, and equity-method investments could reduce our earnings.
goodwill is recorded when the purchase price of a business exceeds the fair market value of the tangible and separately measurable intangible net assets.  gaap requires us to test goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for impairment on an annual basis or when events or circumstances occur indicating that goodwill might be impaired.  long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.  for the investments oneok partners accounts for under the equity method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of the equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary.  for example, if the current energy commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period or further declines, it could result in lower volumes delivered to oneok partners' systems and impairments of oneok partners' assets or equity method investments. if we determine that an impairment is indicated, we would be required to take an immediate noncash charge to earnings with a correlative effect on our equity and balance sheet leverage as measured by consolidated debt to total capitalization.
a breach of information security, including a cybersecurity attack, or failure in of one or more key information technology or operational systems, or those of third parties, may affect adversely our operations, financial results or reputation.
our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. the various uses of these it systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to:
•   controlling oneok partners' plants and pipelines with industrial control systems including supervisory control and data acquisition (scada);
•   complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements;
•   providing data security; and
if any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. our financial results could also be affected adversely if an employee causes our operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating our operational systems. in addition, dependence upon automated systems may further increase the risk that operational system flaws, employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect.
due to increased technology advances, we have become more reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses. we use computer programs to help run our financial and operations organizations, and this may subject our business to increased risks. in recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies' network and information systems by both state-sponsored and criminal organizations, and as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. a significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation and a loss of customers or revenues. if any such failure, interruption or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in our information systems and networks or those of our vendors, including personnel, customer and vendor information, we could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to remedy such event. although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyberthreats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities.
cyberattacks against us or others in our industry could result in additional regulations. current efforts by the federal government, such as the improving critical infrastructure cybersecurity executive order, and any potential future regulations could lead to increased regulatory compliance costs, insurance coverage cost or capital expenditures. we cannot predict the potential impact to our business or the energy industry resulting from additional regulations.
we use both fixed- and variable-rate debt, and we are exposed to market risk due to the floating interest rates on our short-term borrowings. from time to time, we use interest-rate derivatives to hedge interest obligations on specific debt issuances, including anticipated debt issuances.  these hedges may be ineffective, and our results of operations, cash flows and financial position could be affected adversely by significant fluctuations or increases or decreases in interest rates from current levels.
a shortage of skilled labor may make it difficult for us to maintain labor productivity and competitive costs, which could affect operations and cash flows available for distribution.
our operations require skilled and experienced workers with proficiency in multiple tasks.  in recent years, a shortage of workers trained in various skills associated with the midstream energy business has caused us to conduct certain operations without full staff, thus hiring outside resources, which may decrease productivity and increase costs.  this shortage of trained workers is the result of experienced workers reaching retirement age and increased competition for workers in certain areas,
combined with the difficulty of attracting new workers to the midstream energy industry.  this shortage of skilled labor could continue over an extended period.  if the shortage of experienced labor continues or worsens, it could have an adverse impact on labor productivity and costs and our ability to expand production in the event there is an increase in the demand for our products and services, which could affect adversely our operations and cash flows available for distribution to oneok partners' unitholders and, in turn, to cash flows available for dividends to oneok shareholders.
additional risk factors related to oneok partners' business risks related to oneok partners' business discussed below will also affect us as we are the sole general partner and, as of december 31, 2014, owned 37.8 percent of oneok partners.
increased competition could have a significant adverse financial impact on oneok partners' business.
the natural gas and natural gas liquids industries are expected to remain highly competitive. the demand for natural gas and ngls is primarily a function of commodity prices, including prices for alternative energy sources, customer usage rates, weather, economic conditions and service costs. oneok partners' ability to compete also depends on a number of other factors, including competition from other companies for its existing customers; the efficiency, quality and reliability of the services it provides; and competition for throughput at its gathering systems, pipelines, processing plants, fractionators and storage facilities.
the volatility of natural gas, crude oil and ngl prices could affect adversely oneok partners' cash flows.
a significant portion of oneok partners' revenues are derived from the sale of commodities that are received as payment for natural gas gathering and processing services, for the transportation and storage of natural gas, and from the purchase and sale of ngls and ngl products.  commodity prices have been volatile and are likely to continue to be so in the future.  the prices oneok partners receives for its commodities are subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors beyond oneok partners' control, including, but not limited to, the following:
•   overall domestic and global economic conditions;
•   the availability and cost of third-party transportation, natural gas processing and fractionation capacity;
•   geopolitical conditions impacting supply and demand for natural gas, ngls and crude oil;
•   weather conditions;
•   the price and availability of alternative fuels;
•   speculation in the commodity futures markets;
•   overall domestic and global economic conditions;
•   the impact of new supplies, new pipelines, processing and fractionation facilities on location price differentials.
these external factors and the volatile nature of the energy markets make it difficult to estimate reliably future prices of commodities and the impact commodity price fluctuations have on oneok partners' customers and their need for its services. as commodity prices decline, oneok partners is paid less for its commodities, thereby reducing its cash flow.  ngl volumes could decline if it becomes uneconomical for natural gas processors to recover the ethane component of the natural gas stream as a separate product. in addition, crude oil, natural gas and ngl production could also decline due to lower prices.
some of oneok partners' nonregulated businesses have a higher level of risk than its regulated businesses.
some of oneok partners' nonregulated operations, which include its natural gas gathering and processing business and most of its natural gas liquids business, have a higher level of risk than its regulated operations, which include a portion of its natural gas pipelines business and a portion of its natural gas liquids business.  oneok partners expects to continue investing in natural gas and natural gas liquids projects and other related projects, some or all of which may involve nonregulated businesses or assets.  these projects could involve risks associated with operational factors, such as competition and dependence on certain suppliers and customers; and financial, economic and political factors, such as rapid and significant
changes in commodity prices, the cost and availability of capital and counterparty risk, including the inability of a counterparty, customer or supplier to fulfill a contractual obligation.
measurement adjustments on oneok partners' pipeline system can be affected materially by changes in estimation, type of commodity and other factors.
natural gas and natural gas liquids measurement adjustments occur as part of the normal operating conditions associated with oneok partners' assets.  the quantification and resolution of measurement adjustments are complicated by several factors including: (1) the significant number (i.e., thousands) of meters that oneok partners uses throughout its natural gas and natural gas liquids systems, primarily around its gathering and processing assets; (2) varying qualities of natural gas in the streams gathered and processed and the mixed nature of ngls gathered and fractionated through oneok partners' systems; and (3) variances in measurement that are inherent in metering technologies.  each of these factors may contribute to measurement adjustments that can occur on oneok partners' systems, which could affect negatively its business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
oneok partners does not hedge fully against commodity price changes, seasonal price differentials, product price differentials or locational price differentials. this could result in decreased revenues and increased costs and lower margins, adversely affecting its results of operations.
certain of oneok partners' businesses are exposed to market risk and the impact of market fluctuations of natural gas, ngls and crude oil prices.  market risk refers to the risk of loss of cash flows and future earnings arising from adverse changes in commodity prices.  oneok partners' primary commodity price exposures arise from:
•   the value of the ngls and natural gas it receives in exchange for the natural gas gathering and processing services it provides;
•   the price differentials between the individual ngl products with respect to oneok partners' ngl transportation and fractionation agreements;
•   the location price differentials in the price of natural gas and ngls with respect to oneok partners' natural gas and ngl transportation businesses;
to manage the risk from market price fluctuations of natural gas, ngls and crude oil prices, oneok partners uses derivative instruments such as swaps, futures and forwards swaps.  however, it does not hedge fully against commodity price changes, and therefore, it retains some exposure to market risk.  accordingly, any adverse changes to commodity prices could result in decreased revenue and increased costs.
oneok partners utilizes financial instruments and physical forward transactions to mitigate its exposure to interest rate and commodity price fluctuations.  hedging instruments that are used to reduce oneok partners' exposure to interest-rate fluctuations could expose it to risk of financial loss where it has contracted for variable-rate swap instruments to hedge fixed-rate instruments and the variable rate exceeds the fixed rate.  in addition, these hedging arrangements may limit the benefit oneok partners would otherwise receive if it had contracted for fixed-rate swap agreements to hedge variable-rate instruments and the variable rate falls below the fixed rate.  hedging arrangements that are used to reduce oneok partners' exposure to commodity price fluctuations limit the benefit it would otherwise receive if market prices for natural gas, crude oil and ngls exceed the stated price in the hedge instrument for these commodities.
oneok partners' inability to develop and execute growth projects and acquire new assets could result in reduced cash distributions to its unitholders and to oneok.
oneok partners' primary business objectives are to generate cash flow sufficient to pay quarterly cash distributions to unitholders and to increase these distributions over time.  oneok partners' ability to maintain and grow its distributions to unitholders, including oneok, depends on the growth of its existing businesses and strategic acquisitions.  if oneok partners is unable to implement business development opportunities and finance such activities on economically acceptable terms, its future growth will be limited, which could impact adversely its and our results of operations and cash flows.
oneok partners is subject to risks that could limit its access to capital, thereby increasing its costs and affecting adversely its results of operations.
much of oneok partners' business is capital intensive, and achievement of its long-term growth targets is dependent, at least in part, upon its ability to access capital at rates and on terms it determines to be attractive.  oneok partners has grown rapidly in the past due in part to capital-growth projects and acquisitions.  future capital-growth projects and acquisitions may require additional capital.  if oneok partners is unable to access capital at competitive rates, its strategy of enhancing the earnings potential of its existing assets, including capital-growth acquisitions of complementary assets or businesses, will be affected adversely.  a number of factors could affect adversely oneok partners' ability to access capital, including: (i) general economic conditions; (ii) capital market conditions; (iii) market prices for natural gas, ngls and other hydrocarbons; (iv) the overall health of the energy and related industries; (v) ability to maintain investment-grade credit ratings; (vi) unit price and (vii) capital structure.  if oneok partners' ability to access capital becomes constrained significantly, its interest costs and cost of equity will likely increase and its financial condition and future results of operations could be harmed significantly.
growing oneok partners' business by constructing new pipelines and plants or making modifications to its existing facilities subjects oneok partners to construction and supply risks should adequate natural gas or ngl supply be unavailable upon completion of the facilities.
one of the ways oneok partners intends to grow its business is through the construction of new pipelines and new gathering, processing, storage and fractionation facilities and through modifications to oneok partners' existing pipelines and existing gathering, processing, storage and fractionation facilities.  the construction and modification of pipelines and gathering, processing, storage and fractionation facilities may require significant capital expenditures, which may exceed oneok partners' estimates, and involve numerous regulatory, environmental, political, legal and weather-related uncertainties. construction projects in oneok partners' industry may increase demand for labor, materials and rights of way, which may, in turn, impact oneok partners' costs and schedule.  if oneok partners undertakes these projects, it may not be able to complete them on schedule or at the budgeted cost.  additionally, oneok partners' revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project.  for instance, if oneok partners builds a new pipeline, the construction will occur over an extended period of time, and oneok partners will not receive any material increases in revenues until after completion of the project.  oneok partners may have only limited natural gas or ngl supply committed to these facilities prior to their construction.  additionally, oneok partners may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in production in a region in which anticipated production growth does not materialize.  oneok partners may also rely on estimates of proved reserves in its decision to construct new pipelines and facilities, which may prove to be inaccurate because there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves.  as a result, new facilities may not be able to attract enough natural gas or ngls to achieve oneok partners' expected investment return, which could affect materially and adversely oneok partners' results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
if the level of drilling and production in the mid-continent, rocky mountain, texas and gulf coast regions declines substantially near its assets, oneok partners' volumes and revenue could decline.
oneok partners' ability to maintain or expand its businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the mid-continent, rocky mountain, texas and gulf coast regions.  drilling and production are impacted by factors beyond oneok partners' control, including:
•   producers' desire and ability to obtain necessary permits in a timely and economic manner;
•   capacity constraints on natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids infrastructure from the producing areas and oneok partners' facilities.
if production from the western canada sedimentary basin remains flat or declines, and demand for natural gas from the western canada sedimentary basin is greater in market areas other than the midwestern united states, demand for oneok partners' interstate gas transportation services could decrease significantly.
oneok partners depends on a portion of natural gas supply from the western canada sedimentary basin for some of oneok partners' interstate pipelines, primarily viking gas transmission and oneok partners' investment in northern border pipeline, that transport canadian natural gas from the western canada sedimentary basin to the midwestern united states market area.  if demand for natural gas increases in canada or other markets not served by oneok partners' interstate
pipelines and/or production remains flat or declines, demand for transportation service on oneok partners' interstate natural gas pipelines could decrease significantly, which could impact adversely its and our results of operations and cash flows.
mergers between oneok partners' customers and competitors could result in lower volumes being gathered, processed, fractionated, transported or stored on its assets, thereby reducing the amount of cash it generates.
mergers between oneok partners' existing customers and its competitors could provide strong economic incentives for the combined entities to utilize their existing gathering, processing, fractionation and/or transportation systems instead of oneok partners' in those markets where the systems compete.  as a result, oneok partners could lose some or all of the volumes and associated revenues from these customers, and it could experience difficulty in replacing those lost volumes and revenues.  because most of oneok partners' operating costs are fixed, a reduction in volumes could result not only in less revenue but also in a decline in cash flow, which would reduce its ability to pay cash distributions to its unitholders.
oneok partners is subject to strict regulations at many of its facilities regarding employee safety, and failure to comply with these regulations could affect adversely oneok partners' business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the workplaces associated with oneok partners' facilities are subject to the requirements of osha and comparable state statutes that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers.  the failure to comply with osha requirements or general industry standards, including keeping adequate records or occupational exposure to regulated substances could expose it to civil or criminal liability, enforcement actions, and regulatory fines and penalties and could have a material adverse effect on oneok partners' business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
oneok partners' operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions that could affect materially and adversely oneok partners' business and for which neither we nor oneok partners may be insured adequately.
oneok partners' operations are subject to all of the risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of natural gas and natural gas liquids gathering, transportation and distribution pipelines, storage facilities and processing and fractionation plants.  operating risks include but are not limited to leaks, pipeline ruptures, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, and the performance of pipeline facilities below expected levels of capacity and efficiency.  other operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions include adverse weather conditions, accidents, explosions, fires, the collision of equipment with oneok partners' pipeline facilities (for example, this may occur if a third party were to perform excavation or construction work near oneok partners' facilities) and catastrophic events such as tornados, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods or other similar events beyond oneok partners' control.  it is also possible that oneok partners' facilities could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terrorism.  a casualty occurrence might result in injury or loss of life, extensive property damage or environmental damage.  liabilities incurred and interruptions to the operations of oneok partners' pipelines or other facilities caused by such an event could reduce revenues generated by oneok partners and increase expenses, thereby impairing our or oneok partners' ability to meet our respective obligations.  insurance proceeds may not be adequate to cover all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost, and neither we nor oneok partners are fully insured against all risks inherent in our respective businesses.
as a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially, and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage.  consequently, neither we nor oneok partners may be able to renew existing insurance policies or purchase other desirable insurance on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.  if either we or oneok partners were to incur a significant liability for which either we or oneok partners was not insured fully, it could have a material adverse effect on our or oneok partners' financial position and results of operations.  further, the proceeds of any such insurance may not be paid in a timely manner and may be insufficient if such an event were to occur.
oneok partners does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities are located, and it leases certain facilities and equipment, which could disrupt its operations.
oneok partners does not own all of the land on which certain of its pipelines and facilities are located and are, therefore, subject to the risk of increased costs to maintain necessary land use.  oneok partners obtains the rights to construct and operate certain of its pipelines and related facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time.  loss of these rights, through its inability to renew right-of-way contracts on acceptable terms or increased costs to renew such rights, could have a material adverse effect on oneok partners' financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
pipeline-integrity programs and repairs may impose significant costs and liabilities.
pursuant to a dot rule, pipeline operators are required to develop pipeline integrity-management programs for intrastate and interstate natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines that could affect high-consequence areas in the event of a release of product.  as defined by applicable regulations, high-consequence areas include areas near the route of a pipeline with high-population densities, facilities occupied by persons of limited mobility or indoor or outdoor areas where at least 20 people gather periodically.  the rule requires operators to identify pipeline segments that could impact a high-consequence area; improve data collection, integration and characterization of threats applicable to each segment and implement preventive and mitigating actions; perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity; and repair and remediate the pipeline as necessary.  these testing programs could cause us and oneok partners to incur significant capital and operating expenditures to make repairs or remediate, as well as initiate preventive or mitigating actions that are determined to be necessary.
oneok partners is subject to comprehensive energy regulation by governmental agencies, and the recovery of its costs are dependent on regulatory action.
federal, state and local agencies have jurisdiction over many of oneok partners' activities, including regulation by the ferc of its storage and interstate pipeline assets.  the profitability of oneok partners' regulated operations is dependent on its ability to pass through costs related to providing energy and other commodities to its customers by filing periodic rate cases.  the regulatory environment applicable to oneok partners' regulated businesses could impair its ability to recover costs historically absorbed by its customers.
oneok partners is unable to predict the impact that the future regulatory activities of these agencies will have on its operating results.  changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could have an adverse impact on oneok partners' business, financial condition and results of operations.
shippers may protest oneok partners' pipeline tariff filings, and the ferc and/or state regulatory agencies may investigate tariff rates.  further, the ferc may order refunds of amounts collected under newly filed rates that are determined by the ferc to be in excess of a just and reasonable level. in addition, shippers may challenge by complaint the lawfulness of tariff rates that have become final and effective.  the ferc and/or state regulatory agencies also may investigate tariff rates absent shipper complaint.  any finding that approved rates exceed a just and reasonable level on the natural gas pipelines would take effect prospectively.  in a complaint proceeding challenging natural gas liquids pipeline rates, if the ferc determines existing rates exceed a just and reasonable level, it could require the payment of reparations to complaining shippers for up to two years prior to the complaint.  any such action by the ferc or a comparable action by a state regulatory agency could affect adversely oneok partners' pipeline businesses' ability to charge rates that would cover future increases in costs, or even to continue to collect rates that cover current costs and provide for a reasonable return.  we can provide no assurance that oneok partners' pipeline systems will be able to recover all of their costs through existing or future rates.
oneok partners' regulated pipeline companies have recorded certain assets that may not be recoverable from its customers.
accounting policies for ferc-regulated companies permit certain assets that result from the regulated ratemaking process to be recorded on oneok partners' balance sheet that could not be recorded under gaap for nonregulated entities.  oneok partners considers factors such as regulatory changes and the impact of competition to determine the probability of future recovery of these assets.  if oneok partners determines future recovery is no longer probable, oneok partners would be required to write off the regulatory assets at that time.
compliance with environmental regulations that oneok partners is subject to may be difficult and costly.
oneok partners is subject to multiple environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous wastes, and hazardous material and substance management.  these laws and regulations require oneok partners to obtain and comply with a wide variety of
environmental registrations, licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals.  failure to comply with these laws, regulations, permits and licenses may expose oneok partners to fines, penalties and/or interruptions in its operations that could be material to its results of operations. if a leak or spill of hazardous substance occurs from oneok partners' pipelines, gathering lines or facilities in the process of transporting natural gas or ngls or at any facility that oneok partners owns, operates or otherwise uses, oneok partners could be held jointly and severally liable for all resulting liabilities, including investigation and clean-up costs, which could affect materially its results of operations and cash flows.  in addition, emission controls required under the federal clean air act and other similar federal and state laws could require unexpected capital expenditures at oneok partners' facilities.  oneok partners cannot assure that existing environmental regulations will not be revised or that new regulations will not be adopted or become applicable to it.  revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs are not fully recoverable from customers, could have a material adverse effect on oneok partners' business, financial condition and results of operations.
oneok partners' operations are subject to federal and state laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which may expose it to significant costs and liabilities.
the risk of incurring substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in oneok partners' business.  oneok partners' operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into, or otherwise relating to the protection of, the environment.  examples of these laws include:
•   the clean water act and analogous state laws that regulate discharge of waste water from oneok partners' facilities to state and federal waters;
•   the federal resource conservation and recovery act and analogous state laws that impose requirements for the handling and discharge of solid and hazardous waste from oneok partners' facilities.
various federal and state governmental authorities, including the epa, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them.  violators are subject to administrative, civil and criminal penalties, including civil fines, injunctions or both.  joint and several, strict liability may be incurred without regard to fault under the cercla, resource conservation and recovery act and analogous state laws for the remediation of contaminated areas.
there is an inherent risk of incurring environmental costs and liabilities in oneok partners' business due to its handling of the products it gathers, transports, processes and stores, air emissions related to its operations, past industry operations and waste disposal practices, some of which may be material.  private parties, including the owners of properties through which oneok partners' pipeline systems pass, may have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage arising from oneok partners' operations.  some sites oneok partners operates are located near current or former third-party hydrocarbon storage and processing operations, and there is a risk that contamination has migrated from those sites to oneok partners' sites.  in addition, increasingly strict laws, regulations and enforcement policies could increase significantly oneok partners' compliance costs and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary, some of which may be material.  additional information is included under item 1, business under "environmental and safety matters" and in note r of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
oneok partners' insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage in the event an environmental claim is made against oneok partners.  oneok partners' business may be affected materially and adversely by increased costs due to stricter pollution-control requirements or liabilities resulting from noncompliance with required operating or other regulatory permits.  new environmental regulations might also materially and adversely affect oneok partners' products and activities, and federal and state agencies could impose additional safety requirements, all of which could affect materially oneok partners' profitability.
oneok partners may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of ghg emissions.
ghg emissions originate primarily from combustion engine exhaust, heater exhaust and fugitive methane gas emissions.  various federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced to regulate the emission of ghgs, particularly carbon dioxide and methane, and the united states supreme court has ruled that carbon dioxide is a pollutant subject to regulation by the epa.  in addition, there have been international efforts seeking legally binding reductions in emissions of ghgs.
oneok partners believes it is possible that future governmental legislation and/or regulation may require it either to limit ghg emissions from its operations or to purchase allowances for such emissions that are actually attributable to its ngl customers.  however, it cannot predict precisely what form these future regulations will take, the stringency of the regulations, or when they will become effective.  several legislative bills have been introduced in the united states congress that would require carbon dioxide emission reductions.  previously considered proposals have included, among other things, limitations on the amount of ghgs that can be emitted (so called "caps") together with systems of emissions allowances.  this system could require oneok partners to reduce emissions, even though the technology is not currently available for efficient reduction, or to purchase allowances for such emissions.  emissions also could be taxed independently of limits.
in addition to activities on the federal level, state and regional initiatives could also lead to the regulation of ghg emissions sooner and/or independent of federal regulation.  these regulations could be more stringent than any federal regulation or legislation that is adopted.
future legislation and/or regulation designed to reduce ghg emissions could make some of its activities uneconomic to maintain or operate.  further, oneok partners may not be able to pass on the higher costs to its customers or recover all costs related to complying with ghg regulatory requirements.  its future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could be adversely affected if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates or otherwise passed on to its customers.
oneok partners continues to monitor legislative and regulatory developments in this area.  although the regulation of ghg emissions may have a material impact on its operations and rates, oneok partners believes it is premature to attempt to quantify the potential costs of the impacts.
oneok partners is subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change.
there is a growing belief that emissions of ghgs may be linked to global climate change.  climate change creates physical and financial risk.  oneok partners' customers' energy needs vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. for residential customers, heating and cooling represent their largest energy use.  to the extent weather conditions may be affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes.  increased energy use due to weather changes may require oneok partners to invest in more pipelines and other infrastructure to serve increased demand.  a decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect its financial condition through decreased revenues.  extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions.  weather conditions outside of oneok partners' operating territory could also have an impact on its revenues.  severe weather impacts its operating territories primarily through hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornados and snow or ice storms.  to the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase its cost of providing service.  oneok partners may not be able to pass on the higher costs to its customers or recover all the costs related to mitigating these physical risks.  to the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of ghgs as a financial risk, this could affect negatively its ability to access capital markets or cause oneok partners to receive less favorable terms and conditions in future financings.  its business could be affected by the potential for lawsuits against ghg emitters, based on links drawn between ghg emissions and climate change.
•   rates, operating terms and conditions of service;
•   the types of services oneok partners may offer it customers;
•   construction of new facilities;
•   the integrity, safety and security of facilities and operations;
•   acquisition, extension or abandonment of services or facilities;
•   relationships with affiliate companies involved in all aspects of the natural gas and energy businesses.
compliance with these requirements can be costly and burdensome.  future changes to laws, regulations and policies in these areas may impair oneok partners' ability to compete for business or to recover costs and may increase the cost and burden of operations. oneok partners cannot guarantee that state or federal regulators will authorize any projects or acquisitions that it
may propose in the future.  moreover, oneok partners cannot guarantee that, if granted, any such authorizations will be made in a timely manner or will be free from potentially burdensome conditions.
failure to comply with all applicable state or federal statutes, rules and regulations and orders, could bring substantial penalties and fines.  for example, under the energy policy act of 2005, the ferc has civil penalty authority under the natural gas act to impose penalties for current violations of up to $1 million per day for each violation.
finally, oneok partners cannot give any assurance regarding future state or federal regulations under which it will operate or the effect such regulations could have on its or our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows.
shippers may protest oneok partners' pipeline tariff filings, and the ferc and or state regulatory agency may investigate tariff rates. further, the ferc may order refunds of amounts collected under newly filed rates that are determined by the ferc to be in excess of a just and reasonable level.  in addition, shippers may challenge by complaint the lawfulness of tariff rates that have become final and effective.  the ferc and/or state regulatory agencies also may investigate tariff rates absent shipper complaint. any finding that approved rates exceed a just and reasonable level on the natural gas pipelines would take effect prospectively.  in a complaint proceeding challenging natural gas liquids pipeline rates, if the ferc determines existing rates exceed a just and reasonable level, it could require the payment of reparations to complaining shippers for up to two years prior to the complaint. any such action by the ferc or a comparable action by a state regulatory agency could affect adversely oneok partners' pipeline businesses' ability to charge rates that would cover future increases in costs, or even to continue to collect rates that cover current costs, and provide for a reasonable return.  oneok partners can provide no assurance that its pipeline systems will be able to recover all of their costs through existing or future rates.
demand for natural gas and for certain of oneok partners' products and services is highly weather sensitive and seasonal.
the demand for natural gas and for certain of oneok partners' businesses' products, such as propane, is weather sensitive and seasonal, with a portion of revenues derived from sales for heating during the winter months.  weather conditions influence directly the volume of, among other things, natural gas and propane delivered to customers.  deviations in weather from normal levels and the seasonal nature of certain of oneok partners' businesses can create variations in earnings and short-term cash requirements.
in the competition for customers, oneok partners may have significant levels of uncontracted or discounted capacity on its natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage assets.
oneok partners' natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage assets compete with other pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage facilities for natural gas and ngl supplies delivered to the markets it serves.  as a result of competition, at any given time oneok partners may have significant levels of uncontracted or discounted capacity on its pipelines, processing, fractionation and in its storage assets, which could have a material adverse impact on oneok partners' or our results of operations and cash flows.
oneok partners is exposed to the credit risk of its customers or counterparties, and its credit risk management may not be adequate to protect against such risk.
financial condition as a result of changing market conditions, commodity prices or financial difficulties that could impact their creditworthiness or ability to pay oneok partners for its services.  oneok partners assesses the creditworthiness of its customers or counterparties and obtains collateral as it deems appropriate.  if oneok partners fails to assess adequately the creditworthiness of existing or future customers or counterparties, unanticipated deterioration in their creditworthiness and any resulting nonpayment and/or nonperformance could adversely impact oneok partners' or our results of operations.  in addition, if any of oneok partners' customers or counterparties files for bankruptcy protection, this could have a material negative impact on oneok partners' and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
any reduction in oneok partners' credit ratings could affect materially and adversely its business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
oneok partners' senior unsecured long-term debt has been assigned an investment-grade rating by moody's of "baa2" (stable) and by s&p of "bbb" (stable) as of february 3, 2014; however, we cannot provide assurance that any of its current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant.  specifically, if moody's or s&p were to downgrade oneok partners' long-term debt rating, particularly below investment grade, its borrowing costs would increase, which would affect adversely its financial results, and its potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease.  ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold oneok partners' debt securities.  each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
an event of default may require oneok partners to offer to repurchase certain of its senior notes or may impair its ability to access capital.
the indentures governing oneok partners' senior notes include an event of default upon the acceleration of other indebtedness of $100 million or more.  such events of default would entitle the trustee or the holders of 25 percent in aggregate principal amount of oneok partners' outstanding senior notes to declare those senior notes immediately due and payable in full.  oneok partners may not have sufficient cash on hand to repurchase and repay any accelerated senior notes, which may cause oneok partners to borrow money under its credit facilities or seek alternative financing sources to finance the repurchases and repayment.  oneok partners could also face difficulties accessing capital or its borrowing costs could increase, impacting its ability to obtain financing for acquisitions or capital expenditures, to refinance indebtedness and to fulfill its debt obligations.
oneok partners' indebtedness could impair its financial condition and ability to fulfill its obligations.
as of december 31, 2014, oneok partners had total indebtedness of approximately $7.1 billion.  its indebtedness could have significant consequences.  for example, it could:
•   make it more difficult to satisfy its obligations with respect to its senior notes and other indebtedness, which could in turn result in an event of default on such other indebtedness or its senior notes;
•   impair its ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general business purposes;
•   diminish its ability to withstand a downturn in its business or the economy;
•   require it to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to debt-service payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, distributions to partners and general partnership purposes;
•   limit its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry in which it operates; and
•   place it at a competitive disadvantage compared with its competitors that have proportionately less debt.
oneok partners is not prohibited under the indentures governing its senior notes from incurring additional indebtedness, but its debt agreements do subject it to certain operational limitations summarized in the next paragraph. oneok partners' incurrence of significant additional indebtedness would exacerbate the negative consequences mentioned above and could affect adversely its ability to repay its senior notes and other indebtedness.
oneok partners' debt agreements contain provisions that restrict its ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue its business activities.  for example, certain of these agreements contain provisions that, among other things, limit its ability to make loans or investments, make material changes to the nature of its business, merge, consolidate or engage in asset sales, grant liens or make negative pledges.  certain agreements also require it to maintain certain financial ratios, which limit the amount of additional indebtedness it can incur.  for example, the oneok partners credit agreement contains a financial covenant requiring it to maintain a ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda (ebitda, as defined in the oneok
partners credit agreement, adjusted for all noncash charges and increased for projected ebitda from certain lender-approved capital expansion projects) of no more than 5.0 to 1. if oneok partners consummates one or more acquisitions in which the aggregate purchase price is $25 million or more, the allowable ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda will increase to 5.5 to 1 for the quarter of the acquisition and the two following quarters.
these restrictions could result in higher costs of borrowing and impair oneok partners' ability to generate additional cash. future financing agreements oneok partners may enter into may contain similar or more restrictive covenants.
if oneok partners is unable to meet its debt-service obligations, it could be forced to restructure or refinance its indebtedness, seek additional equity capital or sell assets.  it may be unable to obtain financing, raise equity or sell assets on satisfactory terms, or at all.
borrowings under the oneok partners credit agreement and its senior notes are nonrecourse to oneok, and oneok does not guarantee the debt, commercial paper or other similar commitments of oneok partners.
oneok partners has adopted certain valuation methodologies that may result in a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between the general partner and the unitholders.  the irs may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of its limited partner units.
when oneok partners issues additional units or engages in certain other transactions, oneok partners determines the fair market value of its assets and allocates any unrealized gain or loss attributable to its assets to the capital accounts of its unitholders and its general partner.  oneok partners' methodology may be viewed as understating the value of its assets.  in that case, there may be a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between certain unitholders and the general partner, which may be unfavorable to such unitholders.  moreover, under oneok partners' current valuation methods, subsequent purchasers of common units may have a greater portion of their internal revenue code section 743(b) adjustment allocated to oneok partners' tangible assets and a lesser portion allocated to oneok partners' intangible assets.  the irs may challenge oneok partners' valuation methods or oneok partners' allocation of the section 743(b) adjustment attributable to oneok partners' tangible and intangible assets, and allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction between the general partner and certain of oneok partners' unitholders.
a successful irs challenge to these methods or allocations could affect adversely the amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to oneok partners' unitholders.  it also could affect the amount of gain from oneok partners unitholders' sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of the common units or result in audit adjustments to oneok partners unitholders' tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions.
oneok partners' treatment of a purchaser of common units as having the same tax benefits as the seller could be challenged, resulting in a reduction in value of the common units.
because oneok partners cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, oneok partners is required to maintain the uniformity of the economic and tax characteristics of these units in the hands of the purchasers and sellers of these units. oneok partners does so by adopting certain depreciation conventions that do not conform to all aspects of existing united states treasury regulations.  a successful irs challenge to these conventions could affect adversely the tax benefits to a unitholder of ownership of the common units and could have a negative impact on their value or result in audit adjustments to oneok partners unitholders' tax returns.
increased regulation of exploration and production activities, including hydraulic fracturing, could result in reductions or delays in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells, which could impact adversely oneok partners' revenues by decreasing the volumes of unprocessed natural gas and ngls transported on its or its joint ventures' natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines.
the natural gas industry is relying increasingly on natural gas supplies from nonconventional sources, such as shale and tight sands.  natural gas extracted from these sources frequently requires hydraulic fracturing, which involves the pressurized injection of water, sand, and chemicals into the geologic formation to stimulate natural gas production. recently, there have been initiatives at the federal and state levels to regulate or otherwise restrict the use of hydraulic fracturing, and several states have adopted regulations that impose more stringent permitting, disclosure and well-completion requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations.  legislation or regulations placing restrictions on hydraulic fracturing activities could impose operational delays, increased operating costs and additional regulatory burdens on exploration and production operators, which could reduce their production of unprocessed natural gas and, in turn, adversely affect oneok partners' revenues and results of operations by decreasing the volumes of unprocessed natural gas and ngls gathered, treated, processed, fractionated and
transported on oneok partners' or its joint ventures' natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines, several of which gather unprocessed natural gas and ngls from areas where the use of hydraulic fracturing is prevalent.
the discovery of nonconventional natural gas production areas closer to certain market areas that oneok partners serves may compete with natural gas originating in production areas connected to oneok partners' systems.  for example, the marcellus shale in pennsylvania, new york, west virginia and ohio may cause natural gas in supply areas connected to oneok partners' systems to be diverted to markets other than its traditional market areas and may affect capacity utilization adversely on oneok partners' pipeline systems and oneok partners' ability to renew or replace existing contracts at rates sufficient to maintain current revenues and cash flows.  in addition, supply volumes from these nonconventional natural gas production areas may compete with and displace volumes from the mid-continent, permian, rocky mountains and canadian supply sources in certain of oneok partners' markets.  the displacement of natural gas originating in supply areas connected to oneok partners' pipeline systems by these new supply sources that are closer to the end-use markets could result in lower transportation revenues, which could have a material adverse impact on oneok partners' business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
various applicable fraudulent conveyance laws have been enacted for the protection of creditors.  a court may use fraudulent conveyance laws to subordinate or avoid the guarantee of certain of oneok partners' senior notes issued the intermediate partnership.  it is also possible that under certain circumstances, a court could hold that the direct obligations of the intermediate partnership could be superior to the obligations under that guarantee.
a court could avoid or subordinate the intermediate partnership's guarantee of certain of oneok partners' senior notes in favor of the intermediate partnership's other debts or liabilities to the extent that the court determined either of the following were true at the time the intermediate partnership issued the guarantee:
•   the intermediate partnership incurred the guarantee with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its present or future creditors or the intermediate partnership contemplated insolvency with a design to favor one or more creditors to the total or partial exclusion of others; or
•   the intermediate partnership did not receive fair consideration or reasonable equivalent value for issuing the guarantee and, at the time it issued the guarantee, the intermediate partnership:
-   was engaged or about to engage in a business or transaction for which its remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or
- intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they matured.
the measure of insolvency for purposes of the foregoing will vary depending upon the law of the relevant jurisdiction. generally, however, an entity would be considered insolvent for purposes of the foregoing if:
•   the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, were greater than the fair saleable value of all of its assets at a fair valuation;
•   the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or
•   it could not pay its debts as they become due.
among other things, a legal challenge of the intermediate partnership's guarantee of certain of oneok partners' senior notes on fraudulent conveyance grounds may focus on the benefits, if any, realized by the intermediate partnership as a result of oneok partners' issuance of such senior notes.  to the extent the intermediate partnership's guarantee of certain of oneok partners' senior notes is avoided as a result of fraudulent conveyance or held unenforceable for any other reason, the holders of such senior notes would cease to have any claim in respect of the guarantee.
oneok partners may be unable to cause its joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions unless some or all of its joint-venture participants agree.
oneok partners participates in several joint ventures.  due to the nature of some of these arrangements, each participant in these joint ventures has made substantial investments in the joint venture and, accordingly, has required that the relevant charter documents contain certain features designed to provide each participant with the opportunity to participate in the management
of the joint venture and to protect its investment, as well as any other assets that may be substantially dependent on or otherwise affected by the activities of that joint venture.  these participation and protective features customarily include a corporate governance structure that requires at least a majority-in-interest vote to authorize many basic activities and requires a greater voting interest (sometimes up to 100 percent) to authorize more significant activities.  examples of these more significant activities are large expenditures or contractual commitments, the construction or acquisition of assets, borrowing money or otherwise raising capital, transactions with affiliates of a joint-venture participant, litigation and transactions not in the ordinary course of business, among others.  thus, without the concurrence of joint-venture participants with enough voting interests, oneok partners may be unable to cause any of its joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions, even though those actions may be in the best interest of oneok partners or the particular joint venture.
moreover, any joint-venture owner generally may sell, transfer or otherwise modify its ownership interest in a joint venture, whether in a transaction involving third parties or the other joint-venture owners.  any such transaction could result in oneok partners being required to partner with different or additional parties.
oneok partners' operating cash flow is derived partially from cash distributions it receives from its unconsolidated affiliates.
oneok partners' operating cash flow is derived partially from cash distributions it receives from its unconsolidated affiliates, as discussed in note p of the notes to consolidated financial statements.  the amount of cash that oneok partners' unconsolidated affiliates can distribute principally depends upon the amount of cash flow these affiliates generate from their respective operations, which may fluctuate from quarter to quarter.  oneok partners does not have any direct control over the cash distribution policies of its unconsolidated affiliates.  this lack of control may contribute to oneok partners' not having sufficient available cash each quarter to continue paying distributions at its current levels.
additionally, the amount of cash that oneok partners has available for cash distribution depends primarily upon its cash flow, including cash flow from financial reserves and working capital borrowings, and is not solely a function of profitability, which will be affected by noncash items such as depreciation, amortization and provisions for asset impairments. as a result, oneok partners may be able to make cash distributions during periods when it records losses and may not be able to make cash distributions during periods when it records net income.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with item 1, business, our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
recent developments the following discussion highlights some of our planned activities, recent achievements and significant issues affecting us. due to the separation of our former natural gas distribution business on january 31, 2014, the wind down of our former energy services business on march 31, 2014, and the subsequent reporting of such businesses as discontinued operations, income from
continuing operations reflects the continuing operations of oneok partners and of oneok as its general partner. all references to income as used in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to income from continuing operations. please refer to the "financial results and operating information," and "liquidity and capital resources" sections of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and our consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional information.
separation of natural gas distribution business - in january 2014, our board of directors unanimously approved the separation of our natural gas distribution business into a stand-alone publicly traded company called one gas, which was completed on january 31, 2014. oneok shareholders of record at the close of business on january 21, 2014, retained their current shares of oneok stock and received one share of one gas stock for every four shares of oneok stock owned in a transaction that was tax-free to oneok and its shareholders. our natural gas distribution business, which generated operating income of $47.5 million in january 2014, was classified as discontinued operations on january 31, 2014. we also incurred $23.0 million of after-tax costs associated with the separation for the year ended december 31, 2014, that have been recorded in income (loss) from discontinued operations. see additional discussion in note b to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
in connection with the separation, we received a cash payment of approximately $1.13 billion from one gas and used the proceeds to repay all of our outstanding commercial paper and to retire approximately $552.5 million of long-term debt. as a result of the early retirement of long-term debt, we incurred a loss on extinguishment of approximately $24.8 million, which is included in other expense, and reclassified losses to interest expense of approximately $7.7 million due to the discontinuance of cash flow hedge accounting for the related interest-rate swaps. we also amended and restated our oneok credit agreement effective january 31, 2014, to reduce the size of the facility to $300 million from $1.2 billion and recorded a charge to interest expense of approximately $2.9 million related to amortization of previous credit agreement issuance costs.
wind down of energy services business - we completed the wind down of our energy services business, which ceased operations on march 31, 2014, and was classified as discontinued operations. see additional discussion in note b to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
change in reportable segments - following the separation of our natural gas distribution business into one gas and the wind down of our energy services business, our chief operating decision maker reviews the financial performance of each of the three segments of oneok partners on a regular basis to assess the performance of, and allocate resources to, oneok partners. as a result, our reportable segments have changed to reflect the three business segments of oneok partners. we have reflected the change in reporting segments for all periods presented. see also note s to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information.
ownership of oneok partners - oneok and its subsidiaries own all of the general partner interest and certain limited partner interests, which, together, represented a 37.8 percent ownership interest at december 31, 2014, in oneok partners, one of the largest publicly traded master limited partnerships.
commodity prices - due in part to the rapid growth in crude oil production in the united states, the global supply of crude oil has exceeded demand and led to a dramatic fall in crude oil prices. commodity prices declined sharply in the fourth quarter 2014 and continued to decline into early 2015. wti crude oil prices declined to less than $50.00 per barrel in early 2015, compared with approximately $90.00 per barrel in september 2014. nymex natural gas prices also declined to approximately $3.00 per mmbtu in early 2015, compared with prices in excess of $4.00 per mmbtu in september 2014. the decline in crude oil prices has also contributed to lower ngl product prices, as well as narrow ngl product price differentials.
we expect lower commodity prices and narrow location and product price differentials to persist throughout 2015. producer capital investment is expected to decrease, which combined with natural production declines and reduced drilling activity, is expected to slow natural gas and ngl supply growth. the lower commodity prices and slower supply growth are expected to adversely impact oneok partners' and our results of operations and cash flows in 2015, particularly in the natural gas gathering and processing segment where revenues are derived primarily from commodity-based contracts with fee components.
we continue to expect that natural gas liquids volumes will be affected negatively in the natural gas liquids segment as a result of ethane rejection. we expect ethane rejection will persist until new world-scale ethylene production capacity begins coming on line, which is anticipated to be in 2017. market conditions may result in periods where it is economical to recover the ethane component in the natural gas liquids stream. ethane rejection is expected to have a significant impact on our financial results through 2017. however, the natural gas liquids segment's integrated assets enable it to mitigate partially the
impact of ethane rejection through minimum volume commitments and its ability to utilize the transportation capacity made available due to ethane rejection to capture additional ngl location price differentials in its optimization activities.
oneok partners' growth projects - through 2014, crude oil and natural gas producers continued to drill aggressively for crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas in many regions where oneok partners has operations, including the bakken shale and three forks formations in the williston basin; the niobrara shale and other formations in the powder river basin; and in the cana-woodford shale, woodford shale, mississippian lime, springer shale, stack and scoop areas in the mid-continent region. in response to this increased production of crude oil, natural gas and ngls, and higher demand for ngl products from the petrochemical industry, oneok partners has completed growth projects and acquisitions totaling approximately $5.9 billion from 2010 through 2014 and has approximately $2.1 billion to $3.0 billion of projects in various stages of construction, including approximately $2.2 billion in new projects and acquisitions announced in 2014, to meet the needs of natural gas producers and processors in these regions, as well as enhance its natural gas liquids fractionation, distribution and storage infrastructure in the gulf coast region. the execution of these capital investments aligns with oneok partners' strategy to generate consistent growth and sustainable earnings. acreage dedications and contractual commitments from producers and natural gas processors in regions associated with oneok partners' growth projects are expected to provide incremental cash flows and long-term fee-based earnings.
while reduced producer drilling activity is expected to slow supply growth, oneok partners expects to complete its previously announced projects to meet producers' demand for its gathering, processing fractionation and transportation services. however, oneok partners has suspended capital expenditures for certain natural gas processing plants and related infrastructure to align with the needs of its customers. oneok partners expects to resume its suspended capital-growth projects as soon as market conditions improve. if the current commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period, it may impact the timing or demand for additional infrastructure projects or growth opportunities in the future.
west texas lpg - in november 2014, oneok partners acquired the west texas lpg system for approximately $800 million. see additional discussion in the "financial results and operating information" section in the natural gas liquids segment.
bighorn gas gathering impairment charge - as a result of the continued decline in dry natural gas volumes gathered in the coal-bed methane area of the powder river basin and the operator recording an impairment of the underlying assets of bighorn gas gathering in september 2014, oneok partners reviewed its equity method investment in bighorn gas gathering as of september 30, 2014, and recorded noncash impairment charges totaling $76.4 million. see additional discussion in the "financial results and operating information" section in the natural gas gathering and processing segment.
dividends/distributions - during 2014, we paid dividends totaling $2.125 per share, an increase of approximately 44 percent over the $1.48 per share paid during 2013.  we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.605 per share ($2.42 per share on an annualized basis) in january 2015, an increase of approximately 51 percent over the $0.40 declared in january 2014.  during 2014, oneok partners paid cash distributions totaling $3.01 per unit, an increase of approximately 5 percent from the $2.87 per unit paid during 2013.  oneok partners paid total cash distributions to us in 2014 of $605.3 million, which includes $279.3 million resulting from our limited-partner interest and $326.0 million related to our general partner interest.  a cash distribution from oneok partners of $0.79 per unit ($3.16 per unit on an annualized basis) was declared in january 2015, an increase of approximately 8 percent from the $0.73 declared in january 2014.
oneok partners equity issuances - in may 2014, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of approximately 13.9 million common units at a public offering price of $52.94 per common unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $714.5 million. in conjunction with this issuance, we contributed approximately $15.0 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used the proceeds to repay commercial paper, fund its capital expenditures and for general partnership purposes.
during 2014, oneok partners sold approximately 7.9 million common units through its "at-the-market" equity program. net cash proceeds, including our contribution to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $402.1 million, which were used for general partnership purposes.
as a result of these transactions, our aggregate ownership interest in oneok partners decreased to 37.8 percent at december 31, 2014, compared with 41.2 percent at december 31, 2013.
see note q of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for a discussion of oneok partners' issuance of common units and distributions to noncontrolling interests.
revenues commodity sales                                                                $10,725.0               $10,549.2                $9,010.2               $175.8                 2   %            $1,539.0                17     %
equity earnings from investments                                                   $41.0                  $110.5                  $123.0               $(69.5     )         (63   )%             $(12.5     )         (10    )%
capital expenditures (a)                                                        $1,779.2                $2,256.6                $1,866.2              $(477.4     )         (21   )%             $390.4                21     %
(a) - includes capital expenditures of discontinued operations of $23.9 million, $292.1 million and $280.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
2014 vs. 2013 - revenues and net margin for 2014, compared with 2013, increased due primarily to higher volumes across oneok partners' systems. oneok partners' new natural gas processing plants in the williston basin and mid-continent region resulted in increased natural gas volumes gathered, processed and sold in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, and combined with third-party plant connections, increased ngl volumes transported in the natural gas liquids segment's exchange-services business. oneok partners experienced increased optimization, marketing and isomerization margins from wider realized ngl product price differentials in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily related to increased weather-related seasonal demand for propane during the first quarter 2014 and wider realized ngl product price differential between normal butane and iso-butane. the natural gas pipelines segment also experienced higher transportation revenues, primarily from increased rates and higher contracted capacity and higher storage revenues from park-and-loan activity. these margin increases were offset partially by the impact of ethane rejection in the natural gas liquids segment and lower contracted storage capacity in the natural gas pipelines segment.
operating costs and depreciation and amortization expense increased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to the growth of oneok partners' operations related to the completed capital projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments.
equity earnings decreased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to noncash impairment charges totaling $76.4 million related to oneok partners' equity method investment in bighorn gas gathering in the natural gas gathering and processing segment.
interest expense increased for 2014, compared with 2013, primarily as a result of higher interest costs incurred associated with a full year of interest costs on oneok partners' issuance of $1.25 billion of senior notes in september 2013.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, which reflects primarily the portion of oneok partners that we do not own, increased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to the changes in earnings at oneok partners.
capital expenditures decreased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to decreased capital expenditures due to the separation of one gas and lower oneok partners capital expenditures due to the timing of expenditures related to growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments. in 2014, oneok partners also completed the west texas lpg acquisition for approximately $800 million compared with the 2013 sage creek and maysville acquisitions totaling approximately $395 million.
additional information regarding the financial results and operating information is provided in the following discussion for each of the segments.
2013 vs. 2012 - revenues and net margin for 2013, compared with 2012, increased due primarily to higher natural gas and ngl volumes gathered, processed and sold from completed capital projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments, offset partially by lower net realized natural gas and ngl product prices, and ethane rejection. the increase in natural gas supply resulting from the development of nonconventional resource areas in north america contributed to lower ngl product prices, narrower ngl location price differentials and narrower natural gas location and seasonal price differentials in the markets oneok partners serves, compared with 2012. however, in december 2013, the price of propane increased significantly, and the differential between the conway, kansas, and mont belvieu, texas, markets for propane also widened in favor of conway, kansas, due to colder than normal weather and lower propane inventory levels. the price of propane in the mid-continent market and the wider location price differentials between the mid-continent and gulf coast centers peaked in late january 2014 and moderated by the end of february 2014 as supply and demand rebalanced.
ngl location price differentials were significantly narrower between the mid-continent market center at conway, kansas, and the gulf coast market center at mont belvieu, texas, for 2013, compared with 2012, due primarily to strong ngl production growth from the development of ngl-rich areas, exceeding the petrochemical industry's capacity to consume the increased supply resulting in higher ethane inventory levels at mont belvieu. additionally, an unusually long maintenance outage season in the petrochemical industry during 2013 reduced ethane demand, which also contributed to the higher ethane inventory levels.
the differential between the composite price of ngl products and the price of natural gas, particularly the differential between ethane and natural gas, influenced the volume of ngls recovered from natural gas processing plants. the low ethane prices resulted in ethane rejection at most of oneok partners' natural gas processing plants and its customers' natural gas processing plants connected to its natural gas liquids system in the mid-continent and rocky mountain regions during 2013.
operating costs and depreciation and amortization expense increased for 2013, compared with 2012, due primarily to the growth of oneok partners' operations related to the completed capital projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments.
interest expense increased in 2013, compared with 2012, primarily as a result of higher interest costs incurred associated with a full year of interest costs on oneok partners' issuance of $1.3 billion of senior notes in september 2012 and interest costs on oneok partners' issuance of $1.25 billion of senior notes in september 2013. this was offset partially by higher capitalized interest associated with the investments in oneok partners' growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments.
income from discontinued operations for 2013, compared with 2012, decreased due primarily to $138.6 million in noncash charges related to the wind down of our former energy services business from the release of a significant portion of its natural gas transportation and storage contracts to third parties. net income from discontinued operations for 2013 also reflects approximately $9.4 million in costs incurred related to the separation of the natural gas distribution business.
capital expenditures increased for 2013, compared with 2012, due primarily to the growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments. in 2013, oneok partners also acquired a business in the niobrara shale formation of the power river basin and purchased the remaining 30 percent interest in the maysville, oklahoma, natural gas processing facility.
additional information regarding our results of operations is provided in the following discussion of operating results for each of our segments.
natural gas gathering and processing growth projects - beginning in 2010, the natural gas gathering and processing segment has invested approximately $4.0 billion to $4.7 billion in growth projects in ngl-rich areas in the williston basin, the powder river basin, the cana-woodford shale, the springer shale, the stack and the scoop areas that oneok partners expects will enable it to meet the rapidly growing needs of crude oil and natural gas producers in those areas. nearly all of the new natural gas production is from horizontally drilled and completed wells in nonconventional resource areas. these wells tend to produce volumes at higher initial production rates resulting generally in higher initial decline rates than conventional vertical wells; however, the decline rates flatten out over time. these wells are expected to have long productive lives.
oneok partners has completed approximately $2.2 billion of the growth projects and acquisitions in this segment from 2010 through 2014, which include the following:
completed projects                                          location                capacity   approximatecosts (a)   completion date
(b) acquisition.
projects in progress                                 location               capacity   approximatecosts (a)   expectedcompletion date
as a result of announced reductions in crude oil and natural gas drilling activities by producers and the expectation of slower supply growth due to the recent decline in crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices, oneok partners has suspended capital expenditures for certain natural gas processing plants and field infrastructure. oneok partners expects to resume its suspended capital-growth projects as soon as market conditions improve. if the current commodity price environment persists
for a prolonged period, it may further impact the timing or demand for these projects and additional infrastructure projects or growth opportunities in the future.
williston basin processing plants and related projects - oneok partners is constructing natural gas gathering and processing assets in the williston basin to meet the growing needs of crude oil and natural gas producers. when its announced projects are completed, it will have natural gas processing capacity of approximately 1.2 bcf/d in the basin. oneok partners has acreage dedications of approximately 3 million net acres supporting these projects.
natural gas compression - in july 2014, oneok partners announced it will construct additional natural gas compression across its williston basin system to take advantage of additional natural gas processing capacity at its garden creek and stateline facilities by a total of 100 mmcf/d.
lonesome creek plant - in november 2013, oneok partners announced it will construct the lonesome creek natural gas processing plant and related infrastructure, which will be located in mckenzie county, north dakota. the plant and infrastructure will help address natural gas gathering and processing constraints in the region.
stateline de-ethanizers - oneok partners plans to construct de-ethanizer towers at its stateline natural gas processing plants, located in williams county, north dakota. once completed, the de-ethanizer towers will remove ethane from the natural gas stream, which we expect to then be sold under a long-term, fee-based contract to a customer who plans to transport the ethane on a third-party pipeline.
bear creek plant - in september 2014, oneok partners announced it will construct the bear creek natural gas processing plant and related infrastructure, which will be located in dunn county, north dakota. the plant and infrastructure will help alleviate pipeline inefficiencies in an area challenged by geographical constraints and severe terrain.
demicks lake plant - in july 2014, oneok partners announced it will construct the demicks lake natural gas processing plant and related infrastructure, which will be located in northeast mckenzie county, north dakota, to help further address natural gas gathering and processing constraints in the region.
sage creek plant - in september 2013, oneok partners completed the acquisition of a 50 mmcf/d natural gas processing facility, the sage creek plant, and related natural gas gathering and natural gas liquids infrastructure.  oneok partners plans to upgrade existing natural gas processing infrastructure and construct new natural gas gathering infrastructure to meet the growing production of ngl-rich natural gas in this area. oneok partners has supply contracts providing for long-term acreage dedications from producers in the area supporting this project.
bronco plant - in september 2014, oneok partners announced it will construct the bronco natural gas processing plant and related natural gas gathering and natural gas liquids infrastructure in campbell and converse counties, wyoming.
cana-woodford shale, woodford shale, springer shale, stack and scoop areas - oneok partners is constructing natural gas gathering and processing assets to meet the growing production of ngl-rich natural gas in the cana-woodford shale, woodford shale, springer shale, stack and scoop areas. when the announced projects are completed, oneok partners' oklahoma natural gas processing capacity will be approximately 900 mmcf/d. oneok partners has substantial acreage dedications from crude oil and natural gas producers supporting these plants.
knox plant - in july 2014, oneok partners announced it will construct the knox natural gas processing plant and related infrastructure, which will be located in grady and stephens counties, oklahoma. the plant and related infrastructure will gather and process liquids-rich natural gas from the cana-woodford shale and the emerging scoop area and will be located in close proximity to oneok partners' existing natural gas gathering and processing assets and natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines.
for a discussion of oneok partners' capital expenditure financing, see "capital expenditures" in "liquidity and capital resources."
selected financial results - the natural gas gathering and processing segment's 2014 operating results reflect benefits from the following projects:
•   the acquisition of the remaining 30 percent undivided interest in the maysville, oklahoma, natural gas processing facility, which was acquired in december 2013;
•   the acquisition of the sage creek natural gas processing plant in wyoming in september 2013; and
equity earnings (loss) from investments                                              $(56.1    )              $23.5                 $29.1               $(79.6     )            *                 $(5.6     )         (19   )%
capital expenditures                                                                 $898.9                  $774.4                $566.1               $124.5                 16   %            $208.3                37   %
cash paid for acquisitions                                                               $-                  $241.9                    $-              $(241.9     )         (100   )%           $241.9                 *
commodity prices declined sharply in the fourth quarter 2014 and continued to decline into early 2015. wti crude oil prices declined to less than $50.00 per barrel in early 2015, compared with approximately $90.00 per barrel in september 2014. nymex natural gas prices also declined to approximately $3.00 per mmbtu in early 2015, compared with prices in excess of $4.00 per mmbtu in september 2014. oneok partners expects lower commodity prices to persist throughout 2015. in response, crude oil and natural gas exploration and production capital investment is expected to decrease, which combined with production declines and reduced drilling activity is expected to slow crude oil, natural gas and ngl supply growth. oneok partners expects crude oil and natural gas producers to focus capital spending and drilling activities on core locations that are most economical to develop. the lower commodity price environment is expected to have an adverse impact on the natural gas gathering and processing segment's financial results in 2015.
•   an increase of $21.2 million in employee-related costs due to higher labor and employee benefit costs; offset partially by
•   a decrease of $3.2 million due to lower ad valorem tax expense resulting from capitalized taxes related to construction projects.
depreciation and amortization expense increased due to the completion of growth projects and acquisitions.
equity earnings (loss) from investments decreased due to $76.4 million in impairment charges in the third quarter 2014 on oneok partners' investment in bighorn gas gathering. see additional discussion in "equity investments" below.
capital expenditures increased due primarily to the timing of oneok partners' growth projects discussed above.
see "capital expenditures" in "liquidity and capital resources" for additional detail of oneok partners' projected capital expenditures.
•   a decrease of $13.4 million due primarily to changes in contract mix and terms associated with volume growth; and
•   an increase of $10.3 million in employee-related costs due to higher labor and employee benefit costs, offset partially by lower incentive compensation costs; and
depreciation and amortization expense increased due to the completion of the stateline i and stateline ii natural gas processing plants in the williston basin, the completion of well connections and infrastructure projects supporting oneok partners' volume growth in the williston basin and the acquisition of the sage creek plant in wyoming.
equity earnings from investments decreased due primarily to lower ngl prices and declines in dry natural gas volumes gathered by certain of oneok partners' equity investments in the powder river basin.
capital expenditures increased due to oneok partners' growth projects discussed above. in 2013, oneok partners also completed the sage creek acquisition in the ngl-rich niobrara shale area of the powder river basin and acquired the remaining 30 percent interest in the maysville, oklahoma, natural gas processing facility.
realized composite ngl net sales price ($/gallon) (c)           $0.93                 $0.87                 $1.06
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
(b) - includes volumes at company-owned and third-party facilities.
(c) - presented net of the impact of hedging activities on oneok partners' equity volumes.
natural gas gathered and processed, ngl sales and residue natural gas sales increased due to the completion of growth projects and/or acquisitions in the williston basin,power river basin and mid-continent areas, offset partially by declines in volumes in the coal-bed methane area of the powder river basin. the quantity and composition of ngls and natural gas continue to change as oneok partners' new natural gas processing plants in the williston basin and mid-continent are placed in service. in march 2014, oneok partners' canadian valley plant in oklahoma was completed, which has better ethane rejection capabilities than its other processing plants in the mid-continent region. as a result, oneok partners realized composite ngl net sales price increased while most individual ngl product prices were lower. oneok partners' garden creek i, garden creek ii, garden creek iii, stateline i and stateline ii plants in the williston basin have the capability to recover ethane when economic conditions warrant but did not do so in 2014. oneok partners' equity ngl volumes are expected to be weighted more toward propane due to expected ethane rejection.
years ended december 31, equity volume information (a)                  2014              2013              2012
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
commodity price risk - the natural gas gathering and processing segment is exposed to commodity price risk as a result of receiving commodities in exchange for oneok partners' services. see discussion regarding oneok partners' commodity price risk under "commodity price risk" in item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
equity investments - producers have primarily focused their development efforts on crude oil and ngl-rich supply basins rather than in areas with dry natural gas production, such as the coal-bed methane production areas in the powder river basin.  the reduced coal-bed methane development activities and production declines in the dry natural gas formations of the powder river basin have resulted in lower natural gas volumes available to be gathered.  while the reserve potential in the dry natural gas formations of the powder river basin still exists, future drilling and development in this area will be affected by commodity prices and producers' alternative prospects.
during 2014, the coal-bed methane volumes gathered on the bighorn gas gathering system, in which oneok partners owns a 49 percent equity interest and which operates in the coal-bed methane area of the powder river basin, declined at a rate greater than in prior periods and greater than expected. due to these additional declines in volumes, bighorn gas gathering recorded an impairment of its underlying assets in september 2014, when the operator determined that the volume decline would be sustained for the foreseeable future. as a result of these developments, oneok partners' reviewed its equity method investment in bighorn gas gathering for impairment and recorded noncash impairment charges of $76.4 million related to bighorn gas gathering. the noncash impairment charges are included in equity earnings from investments in our accompanying consolidated statements of income. the net book value of oneok partners' equity method investment in bighorn gas gathering is $7.9 million at december 31, 2014, and no equity method goodwill remains. we determined there were no impairments to investments in unconsolidated affiliates in 2013 or 2012.
a continued decline in volumes gathered in the coal-bed methane area of the powder river basin may reduce oneok partners' ability to recover the carrying value of its equity investments in this area and could result in additional noncash charges to earnings. the net book value of oneok partners' remaining equity method investments in this dry natural gas area is $206.0 million, which includes $130.5 million of equity method goodwill. we expect the energy commodity price environment to remain depressed for at least the near term, which has caused producers to announce plans for reduced drilling for crude oil and natural gas, which we expect will slow volume growth or reduce volumes of natural gas delivered to systems owned by its equity method investments.
natural gas liquids growth projects - oneok partners' growth strategy in the natural gas liquids segment is focused around the crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas drilling activity in shale and other nonconventional resource areas from the rocky mountain region through the mid-continent region into texas and new mexico.  increasing crude oil, natural gas and ngl production resulting from this activity and higher petrochemical industry demand for ngl products have resulted in oneok partners making additional capital investments to expand its infrastructure to bring these commodities from supply basins to market.  expansion of the petrochemical industry in the united states is expected to increase ethane demand significantly in the next two to four years, and international demand for ngls, particularly propane, also is increasing and is expected to continue to do so in the future.
beginning in 2010, the natural gas liquids segment has invested approximately $4.0 billion in ngl-related projects. these investments will accommodate the transportation and fractionation of growing ngl supply from shale and other resource development areas across oneok partners' asset base and alleviate infrastructure constraints between the mid-continent and gulf coast market centers to meet increasing petrochemical industry and ngl export demand in the gulf coast. over time, these growing fee-based ngl volumes are expected to fill much of oneok partners' natural gas liquids pipeline capacity used historically to capture the ngl location price differentials between the two market centers.
oneok partners has completed approximately $3.8 billion in growth projects and acquisitions in this segment from 2010 through 2014, which include the following:
completed projects                                           capacity   approximate costs (a)   completion date
cana-woodford/granite wash ngl plant connections            77 mbbl/d                    $220   april 2012
ethane/propane splitter                                     40 mbbl/d                     $46   march 2014
(b) acquisition.
projects in progress                                       capacity   approximate costs (a)   expectedcompletion date
as a result of announced reductions in crude oil and natural gas drilling activities and the expectation of slower supply growth due to the recent declines in crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices, oneok partners has suspended capital expenditures for certain natural gas liquids infrastructure projects related to planned natural gas processing plants. oneok partners expects to resume its suspended capital-growth projects as soon as market conditions improve. if the current commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period, it may further impact the timing or demand for these projects and additional infrastructure projects or growth opportunities in the future.
ethane/propane splitter - in march 2014, oneok partners placed in service an ethane/propane splitter at its mont belvieu storage facility to split ethane/propane mix into purity ethane to meet the needs of petrochemical customers, which is expected to grow over the long-term. the facility is capable of producing 32 mbbl/d of purity ethane and 8 mbbl/d of propane.
sterling iii pipeline - in march 2014, oneok partners completed a 550-mile natural gas liquids pipeline, which has the flexibility to transport either unfractionated ngls or ngl products from the mid-continent to the gulf coast.  the pipeline is designed to transport up to 193 mbbl/d of ngl production from medford, oklahoma, to oneok partners' storage and fractionation facilities in mont belvieu, texas. oneok partners' has multiyear supply commitments from producers and natural gas processors for approximately 75 percent of the pipeline's capacity. installation of additional pump stations could expand the capacity of the pipeline to 260 mbbl/d. this project also included the reconfiguration of oneok partners' existing sterling i and sterling ii pipelines to transport either unfractionated ngls or ngl products. the reconfiguration was completed in july 2014.
bakken ngl pipeline expansion, phase i - the first expansion, completed in september 2014, increased the pipeline's capacity to 135 mbbl/d from the original capacity of 60 mbbl/d, with the second expansion expected to bring the pipeline's capacity to 160 mbbl/d. these expansions will accommodate the growing ngl supply from the williston and powder river basins.
niobrara ngl lateral - oneok partners constructed new natural gas liquids pipeline infrastructure to connect the sage creek natural gas processing plant and a third-party natural gas processing plant to its bakken ngl pipeline, which was completed in september 2014.
west texas lpg acquisition - in november 2014, oneok partners completed its acquisition of an 80 percent interest in the west texas lpg pipeline limited partnership and a 100 percent interest in the mesquite pipeline for approximately $800 million from affiliates of chevron corporation, and oneok partners became the operator of both pipelines. the acquisition consists of approximately 2,600 miles of natural gas liquids gathering pipelines extending from the permian basin in southeastern new mexico to east texas and mont belvieu, texas. the pipeline system increased oneok partners' natural gas liquids gathering system by approximately 60 percent to nearly 7,100 miles of natural gas liquids gathering pipelines and added approximately 285,000 barrels per day of ngl capacity.  these assets are expected to provide oneok partners additional fee-based earnings and its natural gas liquids infrastructure with access to a new natural gas liquids supply basin.
mb-3 fractionator - in december 2014, oneok partners completed the mb-3 fractionator. the mb-3 fractionator is located near its storage facility in mont belvieu, texas. in addition, it expanded and upgraded its existing natural gas liquids gathering and pipeline infrastructure, which includes new connections to natural gas processing facilities and increasing the capacity of its arbuckle and sterling ii natural gas liquids pipelines. oneok partners has multiyear supply commitments from producers and natural gas processors for approximately 80 percent of the fractionator's capacity.
natural gas liquids pipeline and modification of hutchinson fractionation infrastructure - oneok partners is constructing a new 95-mile natural gas liquids pipeline that will connect its existing natural gas liquids fractionation and storage facilities in
hutchinson, kansas, to similar facilities in medford, oklahoma. the project also included modifications that were completed in december 2014 to existing natural gas liquids fractionation infrastructure at hutchinson, kansas, increasing fractionation capacity by 20 mbbl/d, to accommodate additional unfractionated ngls produced in the williston basin.
bakken ngl pipeline expansion, phase ii - the second expansion will increase the pipeline's capacity to 160 mbbl/d from the current capacity of 135 mbbl/d.
bear creek natural gas liquids infrastructure - oneok partners announced in september 2014 its plan to build new natural gas liquids pipeline infrastructure to connect the bear creek natural gas processing plant to its bakken ngl pipeline.
bronco natural gas liquids infrastructure - oneok partners announced in september 2014 its plan to build new natural gas liquids pipeline infrastructure to connect the bronco natural gas processing plant to its bakken ngl pipeline.
demicks lake natural gas liquids infrastructure - oneok partners announced in july 2014 its plan to build new natural gas liquids pipeline infrastructure to connect the demicks lake natural gas processing plant to its bakken ngl pipeline.
for a discussion of oneok partners' capital expenditure financing, see "capital expenditures" in "liquidity and capital resources."
selected financial results - the natural gas liquids segment's 2014 operating results reflect the benefits from the following completed growth projects:
•   the west texas lpg acquisition, which was completed in november 2014;
•   the ethane/propane splitter, which was completed in march 2014;
these projects have resulted in additional natural gas liquids volumes gathered, fractionated and transported across oneok partners' natural gas liquids systems; however, the volumes fractionated and transported decreased in 2014 due to ethane rejection. oneok partners expects these investments along with its other announced growth projects will accommodate the growing ngl supply from shale and other resource development areas across its asset base and will continue to alleviate infrastructure constraints between the mid-continent and texas gulf coast regions to meet the increasing petrochemical industry and ngl export demand.
equity earnings from investments                                $27.3                   $22.0                   $20.7                 $5.3                24   %                $1.3                 6   %
allowance for equity funds used during construction             $14.7                   $30.4                   $13.5               $(15.7     )         (52   )%              $16.9                 *
capital expenditures                                           $798.0                $1,128.3                  $968.5              $(330.3     )         (29   )%             $159.8                16   %
cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash received               $800.0                  $153.0                      $-               $647.0                 *                  $153.0                 *
several factors contributed to increased propane demand and price in the first quarter 2014, which impacted oneok partners' results of operations in 2014. in the fourth quarter 2013, oneok partners experienced high propane demand for crop drying and increased heating demand due to colder than normal weather that continued into the first quarter 2014. in response to increased demand, propane prices at the mid-continent market center at conway, kansas, increased significantly, compared with propane prices at the gulf coast market center at mont belvieu, texas. to help meet the demand and capture the wider location price differentials between these two markets, oneok partners utilized its assets to deliver more propane into the mid-continent region from the gulf coast region. the price of propane in the mid-continent market and the wider location price differentials between the mid-continent and gulf coast market centers peaked in late january 2014 and returned to historical levels by the end of february 2014 as supply and demand balanced.
the recent volatility in crude oil prices has also impacted ngl prices, as ngl prices are generally linked to crude oil prices. these price decreases affected oneok partners' ngl sales revenues and cost of sales.
ethane rejection in the rocky mountain and mid-continent regions continued in 2014 as expected, resulting in available capacity on oneok partners' pipelines that connect the mid-continent and gulf coast market centers, a portion of which it was able to utilize for optimization activities, including the delivery of propane into the mid-continent region during the first quarter 2014. severely cold weather in the first quarter 2014 caused wellhead freeze-offs, which also reduced volumes.
•   an increase of $157.4 million in exchange-services and transportation margins, which resulted from increased volumes from new plants connected in the williston basin and mid-continent region, and higher fees for exchange-services activities resulting from contract renegotiations, offset partially by lower volumes from the termination of a contract;
•   an increase of $79.8 million in optimization and marketing margins, which resulted from a $31.4 million increase due primarily to wider realized ngl product price differentials; a $25.2 million increase in marketing margins related primarily to increased weather-related seasonal demand for propane during the first quarter 2014, and marketing and truck and rail activities in the second, third and fourth quarters 2014; and a $23.2 million increase due primarily to significantly wider ngl location price differentials, primarily related to increased weather-related seasonal demand for propane during the first quarter 2014, offset partially by lower optimization volumes in the second, third and fourth quarters 2014 when differentials narrowed; and
operating costs increased primarily as a result of the completion of its growth projects, which include the following:
•   an increase of $20.1 million due to higher outside services expenses associated primarily with scheduled maintenance and the growth of operations related to completed capital projects;
•   an increase of $15.5 million due to higher ad valorem taxes related to its completed capital projects;
•   an increase of $14.9 million due to higher employee-related costs due primarily to higher labor and employee benefit costs; and
depreciation and amortization expense increased due primarily to the depreciation associated with oneok partners' completed capital projects.
equity earnings increased in 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to higher volumes delivered to overland pass pipeline from oneok partners' bakken ngl pipeline that was placed in service in april 2013 and revenues from minimum volume agreements, offset partially by increased ethane rejection and higher operating costs.
capital expenditures decreased due primarily to timing of expenditures on oneok partners' growth projects discussed above. allowance for equity funds used during construction decreased due to the completion of all of oneok partners' regulated projects.
•   an increase of $166.5 million in exchange-services margins, which resulted from higher ngl volumes gathered, contract renegotiations for higher fees for oneok partners' ngl exchange-services activities and higher revenues from customers with minimum volume obligations;
•   an increase of $19.5 million due to the impact of operational measurement gains of approximately $9.7 million in 2013, compared with losses of approximately $9.8 million in 2012; and
•   an increase of $5.4 million due to higher ad valorem taxes related to oneok partners' completed capital projects; and
•   an increase of $5.0 million in employee-related costs due to higher labor and employee benefit costs due to the growth of oneok partners' operations related to its completed capital projects, offset partially by lower incentive compensation costs.
depreciation and amortization expense increased due primarily to the depreciation associated with the segment's completed capital projects.
equity earnings increased compared with 2012 due primarily to higher volumes delivered to overland pass pipeline from oneok partners' bakken ngl pipeline that was placed in service in april 2013, offset partially by reduced volumes as a result of ethane rejection. the impact of ethane rejection reduced equity earnings by $13.3 million compared with 2012.
capital expenditures and the allowance for equity funds used during construction increased due primarily to the segment's growth projects discussed above. in 2013, oneok partners also completed the sage creek acquisition in the ngl-rich niobrara shale area of the powder river basin that included natural gas liquids gathering pipelines.
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
(b) - includes volumes at company-owned and third-party facilities.
2013 vs. 2012 - ngls transported on gathering lines increased due primarily to increased volumes from the williston basin made available by oneok partners' completed bakken ngl pipeline and increased volumes in the mid-continent region and texas made available through its cana-woodford shale and granite wash projects, offset partially by decreases in ngl volumes gathered as a result of ethane rejection.
equity earnings from investments               $69.8                 $65.0                 $73.2                 $4.8                 7   %             $(8.2     )         (11   )%
capital expenditures                           $43.0                 $34.7                 $25.4                 $8.3                24   %              $9.3                37   %
cash paid for acquisitions                     $14.0                    $-                    $-                $14.0                 *                    $-                 -   %
•   an increase of $26.3 million due to higher transportation revenues primarily from increased rates on intrastate pipelines, higher contracted capacity and rates on midwestern gas transmission and increased interruptible transportation revenues from higher natural gas volumes transported;
•   an increase of $17.6 million from higher short-term natural gas storage services due to higher park-and-loan activity as a result of weather-related seasonal demand primarily in the first quarter 2014 and greater capacity available for such services;
•   an increase of $3.1 million from additional storage services to meet utility customers' peak-day demand; offset partially by
•   a decrease of $14.3 million due to lower storage revenues from lower contracted firm capacity.
operating costs increased primarily as a result of increased employee-related costs due to higher labor and employee benefit costs, as well as higher expenditures for outside services associated with scheduled maintenance and higher materials and supplies expenses.
gain on sale of assets decreased in 2014 as a result of excess pad gas sales of $6.8 million compared with $10.5 million in the prior year.
equity earnings from oneok partners' investments increased $4.8 million due primarily to increased park-and-loan services on northern border pipeline as a result of increased weather-related seasonal demand in the first quarter 2014, offset partially by lower contracted capacity. substantially all of northern border pipeline's long-haul transportation capacity has been contracted through march 2016.
2013 vs. 2012 - operating income increased in 2013, compared with 2012, reflecting an increase in transportation margins of $9.6 million due primarily to higher rates on guardian pipeline and higher contracted capacity with natural gas producers on oneok partners' intrastate pipelines, offset partially by a decrease of $3.9 million from lower net retained fuel. operating costs included an increase of $2.4 million due to higher employee-benefit costs. gain on sale of assets increased in 2013 from 2012 due primarily to a $10.5 million gain on excess pad gas sales in 2013 as a result of storage optimization review that resulted in additional working natural gas capacity of 2.0 bcf; 2012 results reflected a gain on sale of a natural gas pipeline lateral of $5.7 million.
equity earnings from oneok partners' investments decreased in 2013, compared with 2012, due to reduced transportation rates resulting from a northern border pipeline rate settlement, effective january 1, 2013. the new long-term transportation rates are approximately 11 percent lower than previous rates, which reduced oneok partners' equity earnings and cash distributions compared with 2012.
natural gas transportation capacity contracted (mdth/d)         5,781               5,524               5,366
transportation capacity subscribed                                 91    %             90    %             89    %
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
the natural gas pipelines primarily serve end users such as natural gas distribution and electric-generation companies that require natural gas to operate their businesses regardless of location price differentials.  the development of shale and other resource areas has continued to increase available natural gas supply resulting in narrower location and seasonal price differentials.  as additional supply is developed, oneok partners expects producers to demand incremental services in the future to transport their production to market.  the abundance of shale gas supply and new regulations on emissions from coal-fired electric-generation plants may also increase the demand for the services from electric-generation companies as they convert to a natural gas fuel source.  conversely, contracted capacity by certain customers that are focused on capturing location or seasonal price differentials may decrease in the future due to narrowing price differentials. overall, oneok
partners expects its fee-based earnings to remain relatively stable with growth in certain market areas as the development of shale and other resource areas continues.
in august 2014, viking gas transmission filed a "stipulation and agreement in resolutions of all issues concerning adjustment in rates of viking gas transmission company" (settlement) with the ferc. the settlement was approved on october 1, 2014, and became final on october 31, 2014. rates under the settlement became effective january 1, 2015, and we do not expect the settlement to materially impact us.
contingencies gas index pricing litigation - as previously reported, oneok and its subsidiary, oesc, along with several other energy companies, are defending multiple lawsuits arising from alleged market manipulation or false reporting of natural gas prices to natural gas-index publications. on april 10, 2013, the united states court of appeals for the ninth circuit reversed the summary judgments that had been granted in favor of oneok, oesc and other unaffiliated defendants in the following cases: reorganized fli, learjet, arandell, heartland and newpage. the ninth circuit also reversed the summary judgment that had been granted in favor of oesc on all state law claims asserted in the sinclair case. oneok, oesc and the other unaffiliated defendants filed a petition for writ of certiorari with the united states supreme court on august 26, 2013, seeking review of the ninth circuit decision. the ninth circuit has ordered the cases stayed until the final disposition of the petition for writ of certiorari. on july 1, 2014, the united states supreme court granted the petition for writ of certiorari. oral arguments were heard by the united states supreme court on january 12, 2015, and we expect a decision by mid-2015.
because of the uncertainty surrounding the gas index pricing litigation, including an insufficient description of the purported classes and other related matters, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of potential exposures at this time. however, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters could result in future charges that may be material to our results of operations.
other legal proceedings - we are a party to various other litigation matters and claims that have arisen in the normal course of our operations. while the results of these various other litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe the reasonably possible losses from such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not material. additionally, we believe the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
liquidity and capital resources general - prior to the separation of our former natural gas distribution business, we relied primarily on operating cash flows, bank credit facilities, commercial paper, debt issuances and the issuance of equity for our liquidity and capital resource requirements. effective in february 2014 and in connection with the separation, we terminated our commercial paper program and now fund operating expenses, debt service and dividends to shareholders with operating cash flows, which are primarily comprised of cash distributions received from oneok partners.
neither oneok nor oneok partners guarantees the debt or other similar commitments to unaffiliated parties, and oneok does not guarantee the debt or other similar commitments of oneok partners.
oneok - in march 2014, we completed the wind down of our energy services business. we expect future cash expenditures associated with the released transportation and storage capacity from the wind down of our energy services business on an after-tax basis to be approximately $45 million with approximately $23 million in 2015, $11 million in 2016, $6 million in 2017 and $5 million from 2018 through 2023.
on january 31, 2014, we completed the separation of one gas. in conjunction with the separation, the following transactions occurred in 2014:
•   we reduced our credit facility to $300 million from $1.2 billion; and
•   we wrote off $2.9 million of previously deferred credit agreement issuance costs to interest expense.
as a result of the separation of our former natural gas distribution business and the wind down of our energy services business, the cash flow sources and requirements for oneok have changed significantly. oneok's primary source of cash inflows are distributions to us from our general partner and limited partnership interests in oneok partners. the cash distributions that we expect to receive from oneok partners are expected to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations and quarterly cash dividends. our next long-term debt maturity is in 2022.
oneok partners - part of oneok partners' strategy is to grow through internally generated growth projects and acquisitions that strengthen and complement its existing assets. it relies primarily on operating cash flows, commercial paper, bank credit facilities, debt issuances and the issuance of common units for its liquidity and capital resources requirements. it funds its operating expenses, debt service and cash distributions to its limited partners and general partner primarily with operating cash flows. capital expenditures are funded by operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt and issuances of equity. it expects to continue to use these sources for liquidity and capital resource needs on both a short- and long-term basis. oneok partners has no guarantees of debt or other similar commitments to unaffiliated parties.
while oneok partners' net margin is primarily derived from fee-based contracts, a portion of its net margin is dependent upon the prevailing and future prices for ngls, crude oil and natural gas. commodity prices are dependent on numerous factors beyond its control, such as overall crude oil and natural gas supply and demand and inventories in relevant markets, economic conditions, the global political environment, regulatory developments and competition from other energy sources. these commodity prices historically have been volatile and may be subject to significant fluctuations in the future. for example, wti crude oil prices declined to less than $50.00 per barrel in early 2015, compared with approximately $90.00 per barrel in september 2014. nymex natural gas prices also declined to approximately $3.00 per mmbtu in early 2015, compared with prices in excess of $4.00 per mmbtu in september 2014.
oneok partners uses hedges to partially mitigate its near-term sensitivity to fluctuations in the natural gas, crude oil and ngl prices received for its equity volumes. as of february 2015, it had hedged 80 percent, 33 percent and 44 percent of its expected 2015 equity natural gas, ngl and condensate volumes, respectively. currently, it does not have hedges in place for any of its expected equity volumes beyond 2015.
we expect the energy commodity price environment to remain depressed for at least the near term, which has caused crude oil and natural gas producers to announce plans for reduced drilling for crude oil and natural gas, which we expect will slow volume growth, or reduce the volumes of natural gas and ngls delivered on to oneok partners' systems. these conditions are expected to adversely impact oneok partners' results of operations and cash flows. if the current energy commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period or declines further, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
oneok partners continues to have access to the oneok partners credit agreement, which it expects to be adequate to fund short-term liquidity needs. in february 2015, oneok partners notified its lenders of its intent to exercise its option to increase the capacity of the facility to an aggregate of $2.4 billion by increased commitments from existing lenders and/or commitments from one or more new lenders, which is pending lenders' approval. while oneok partners' lenders are not obligated to increase the capacity of the facility, it expects to receive sufficient commitments to increase the facility to $2.4 billion.
if the low commodity prices persist throughout 2015, we expect it to have an adverse impact on oneok partners' volumes and margins. oneok partners is responding by aligning its operating costs and capital-growth projects with the needs of crude oil and natural gas producers, which includes suspending, reducing or eliminating certain capital-growth projects; limiting increases of distributions to its limited partners and negotiating various contract enhancements. oneok partners continues to seek opportunities to convert its pop contracts to fee-based contracts or increase the fee component in its pop contracts.
oneok partners' ability to continue to access capital markets for debt and equity financing under reasonable terms depends on its financial condition, credit ratings and market conditions. the recent decline in commodity prices has resulted in a decrease in its common unit price, which is expected to increase its debt and equity financing costs. while lower commodity prices and industry uncertainty may result in increased financing costs, it believes it has sufficient access to the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet its requirements for working capital, debt service payments and capital expenditures.
during 2014, oneok partners utilized cash from operations, its commercial paper program and proceeds from its equity issuances, including its may 2014 equity offering and "at-the-market" equity program, to fund its short-term liquidity needs and capital projects. see discussion under "short-term liquidity" and "long-term financing" for more information.
cash management - we and oneok partners each use similar centralized cash management programs that concentrate the cash assets of their operating subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purposes of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing, transaction costs and bank fees. both centralized cash management programs provide that funds in excess of the daily needs of the operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated or otherwise made available for use by other entities within the respective consolidated groups. oneok partners' operating subsidiaries participate in these programs to the extent they are permitted pursuant to ferc regulations or their operating agreements. under these cash management programs, depending on whether a participating subsidiary has short-term cash surpluses or cash requirements, we and oneok partners provide cash to their respective subsidiaries or the subsidiaries provide cash to them.
separation of natural gas distribution business - prior to and in anticipation of the separation, one gas, which at the time was our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into debt and credit agreements. upon completion of the separation on january 31, 2014, oneok's obligations related to the one gas credit agreement and debt issuance terminated.
short-term liquidity - oneok's source of short-term liquidity is quarterly distributions from oneok partners and cash on hand. we have access to our $300 million oneok credit agreement, which had $298.1 million of credit available at december 31, 2014, but do not expect to draw upon the facility. we terminated our commercial paper program in february 2014. at december 31, 2014, oneok had no short-term debt outstanding.
oneok partners' principal sources of short-term liquidity consist of cash generated from operating activities, distributions received from its equity-method investments and proceeds from its commercial paper program. to the extent commercial paper is unavailable, the oneok partners credit agreement may be used.
the weighted-average interest rate at december 31, 2014, on oneok partners' short-term borrowings was 0.54 percent. based on the forward libor curve, we expect the interest rates on oneok partners' short-term borrowings to increase in 2015, compared with interest rates on amounts outstanding at december 31, 2014.
oneok credit agreement - effective january 31, 2014, the oneok credit agreement was amended and restated to reduce available capacity to $300 million from $1.2 billion and to amend certain other provisions.
in february 2014, oneok repaid all commercial paper outstanding. at december 31, 2014, oneok had $1.9 million in letters of credit issued under the oneok credit agreement and approximately $130.3 million of cash and cash equivalents.  oneok had approximately $298.1 million of credit available at december 31, 2014, under the oneok credit agreement.
the oneok credit agreement is a $300 million revolving credit facility and contains certain financial, operational and legal covenants.  among other things, these covenants include maintaining a ratio of indebtedness to consolidated ebitda (ebitda, as defined in the oneok credit agreement) of no more than 4.0 to 1.  upon breach of certain covenants by us in the oneok credit agreement, amounts outstanding under our oneok credit agreement, if any, may become due and payable immediately. at december 31, 2014, oneok's ratio of indebtedness to consolidated ebitda was 2.3 to 1, and oneok was in compliance with all covenants under the oneok credit agreement.
the oneok credit agreement also includes a $50 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a $50 million sublimit for swingline loans.  under the terms of the oneok credit agreement, oneok may request an increase in the size of the facility to an aggregate of $500 million from $300 million by either commitments from new lenders or increased commitments from existing lenders.  the oneok credit agreement contains provisions for an applicable margin rate and an annual facility fee, both of which adjust with changes in our credit rating. based on our current credit rating, borrowings, if any, will accrue interest at libor plus 125 basis points, and the annual facility fee is 25 basis points.
oneok partners credit agreement - the total amount of short-term borrowings authorized by the board of directors of oneok partners gp, the general partner of oneok partners, is $2.5 billion.  at december 31, 2014, oneok partners had $1.1 billion of commercial paper outstanding, $14.0 million of letters of credit issued, no borrowings outstanding under the oneok partners credit agreement, approximately $42.5 million of cash and approximately $630.7 million of credit available under the oneok partners credit agreement.  as of december 31, 2014, oneok partners could have issued $3.3 billion of short- and long-term debt to meet its liquidity needs under the most restrictive provisions contained in its various borrowing agreements.
the oneok partners credit agreement, which was amended and restated effective on january 31, 2014, and expires in january 2019, is a $1.7 billion revolving credit facility and includes a $100 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit, a $150 million swingline sublimit and an option to request an increase in the size of the facility to an aggregate of $2.4 billion by either commitments from new lenders or increased commitments from existing lenders. the oneok partners credit agreement is available for general partnership purposes. during the second quarter 2014, oneok partners increased the size of its commercial paper program to $1.7 billion from $1.2 billion. in addition, in february 2015, it notified its lenders of its intent to exercise its option to increase the capacity of the facility to an aggregate of $2.4 billion by increased commitments from existing lenders and/or commitments from one or more new lenders, which is pending lenders' approval. amounts outstanding under oneok partners' commercial paper program reduce the borrowing capacity under the oneok partners credit agreement.
the oneok partners credit agreement contains provisions for an applicable margin rate and an annual facility fee, both of which adjust with changes in oneok partners' credit rating. under the terms of the oneok partners credit agreement, based on oneok partners' current credit rating, borrowings, if any, will accrue at libor plus 117.5 basis points, and the annual facility fee is 20 basis points. the oneok partners credit agreement is guaranteed fully and unconditionally by oneok partners' wholly owned subsidiary, the intermediate partnership. borrowings under the oneok partners credit agreement are nonrecourse to oneok, and oneok does not guarantee oneok partners' debt, commercial paper or other similar commitments.
the oneok partners credit agreement contains certain financial, operational and legal covenants. among other things, these covenants include maintaining a ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda (ebitda, as defined in the oneok partners credit agreement, adjusted for all noncash charges and increased for projected ebitda from certain lender-approved capital expansion projects) of no more than 5.0 to 1. if oneok partners consummates one or more acquisitions in which the aggregate purchase price is $25 million or more, the allowable ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda will be increased to 5.5 to 1 for the quarter in which the acquisition was completed and the two following quarters.  as a result of the west texas lpg acquisition oneok partners completed in the fourth quarter 2014, the allowable ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda increased to 5.5 to 1 through the second quarter 2015. if oneok partners were to breach certain covenants in the oneok partners credit agreement, amounts outstanding under the oneok partners credit agreement, if any, may become due and payable immediately. at december 31, 2014, oneok partners' ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda was 3.7 to 1, and oneok partners was in compliance with all covenants under the oneok partners credit agreement.
financing for the west texas lpg acquisition came from available cash on hand and borrowings under oneok partners' existing $1.7 billion commercial paper program. see additional discussion of this acquisition in the "financial results and operating information" section in the natural gas liquids segment.
long-term financing - we do not expect to issue additional equity or long-term notes, as our next debt maturity is not until 2022 and our operating cash requirements are expected to be funded by cash distributions received from oneok partners. therefore, changes in the debt and equity markets are not expected to impact our financing requirements.
oneok partners expects to fund its longer-term cash requirements by issuing common units or long-term notes. other options to obtain financing include, but are not limited to, issuance of convertible debt securities, asset securitization, and the sale and lease back of facilities.
oneok partners is subject to changes in the debt and equity markets, and there is no assurance it will be able or willing to access the public or private markets in the future. oneok partners may choose to meet its cash requirements by utilizing some combination of cash flows from operations, borrowing under its commercial paper program or the oneok partners credit agreement, altering the timing of controllable expenditures, restricting future acquisitions and capital projects, or pursuing other debt or equity financing alternatives. some of these alternatives could result in higher costs or negatively affect their respective credit ratings, among other factors. based on oneok partners' general financial condition, market expectations regarding its future earnings and projected cash flows, and oneok partners' investment-grade credit ratings, we expect oneok partners will be able to meet its cash requirements and maintain its investment-grade credit ratings.
oneok debt issuance - in january 2012, we completed an underwritten public offering of $700 million, 4.25 percent senior notes due 2022. the net proceeds from the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expense, or approximately $694.3 million were used to repay amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program and for general corporate purposes.
oneok partners' debt issuances - in september 2013, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of $1.25 billion of senior notes, consisting of $425 million, 3.2 percent senior notes due 2018, $425 million, 5.0 percent senior notes due 2023 and $400 million, 6.2 percent senior notes due 2043. a portion of the net proceeds from the offering of approximately $1.24 billion was used to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and the balance was used for general partnership purposes, including but not limited to capital expenditures and acquisitions.
in september 2012, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of $1.3 billion of senior notes, consisting of $400 million, 2.0 percent senior notes due 2017 and $900 million, 3.375 percent senior notes due 2022. a portion of the net proceeds from the offering of approximately $1.29 billion was used to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and the balance was used for general partnership purposes, including but not limited to capital expenditures.
oneok partners' equity issuances - in may 2014, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of approximately 13.9 million common units at a public offering price of $52.94 per common unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $714.5 million. in conjunction with this issuance, we contributed approximately $15.0 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used the proceeds to repay commercial paper outstanding, fund capital expenditures and for general partnership purposes.
oneok partners has an "at-the-market" equity program for the offer and sale from time to time of its common units. in november 2014, oneok partners entered into an equity distribution agreement in the aggregate amount of $650 million. the program allows oneok partners to offer and sell its common units at prices it deems appropriate through a sales agent. sales of common units are made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the nyse, in block transactions, or as otherwise agreed to between oneok partners and the sales agent. oneok partners is under no obligation to offer and sell common units under the program. during 2014, oneok partners utilized the remainder of its previous equity distribution agreement in the aggregate amount of $300 million. at december 31, 2014, oneok partners had approximately $514 million of registered common units available for issuance under its "at-the-market" equity program.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, oneok partners sold approximately 7.9 million common units through its "at-the-market" equity program. the gross proceeds, including oneok partners gp's contribution to maintain its 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $408.1 million. net cash proceeds, after deducting agent commissions and other related costs, were approximately $402.1 million, which were used for general partnership purposes.
in august 2013, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of 11.5 million common units at a public offering price of $49.61 per common unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $553.4 million.  in conjunction with this issuance, we contributed approximately $11.6 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used a portion of the proceeds to repay amount outstanding under its commercial paper program and the balance was used for other general partnership purposes.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, oneok partners sold approximately 681 thousand common units through its "at-the-market" equity program. the gross proceeds, including oneok partners gp's contribution to maintain its 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $36.6 million. net cash proceeds, after deducting agent commissions and other related costs, were approximately $36.1 million, which were used for general partnership purposes.
in march 2012, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of 8.0 million common units at a public offering price of $59.27 per common unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $460 million. oneok partners also sold 8.0
million common units to us in a private placement, generating net proceeds of approximately $460 million. in conjunction with the issuances, oneok partners gp contributed approximately $19 million in order to maintain its 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used the net proceeds from the issuances to repay $295 million of borrowings under its commercial paper program, to repay amounts on the maturity of its $350 million, 5.9 percent senior notes due in april 2012 and for other general partnership purposes, including capital expenditures.
interest-rate swaps - oneok partners has entered into forward-starting interest-rate swaps to hedge the variability of interest payments on a portion of forecasted debt issuances that may result from changes in the benchmark interest rate before the debt is issued. at december 31, 2014, oneok partners had forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $900 million that were designated as cash flow hedges of which $400 million have settlement dates of more than 12 months and $500 million have settlement dates of less than 12 months.
capital expenditures - oneok's capital expenditures are financed through operating cash flows following the separation of the natural gas distribution business. oneok partners' capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt and the issuance of equity.  consolidated capital expenditures were $1.8 billion, $2.3 billion and $1.9 billion for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  of these amounts, oneok partners' capital expenditures were $1.7 billion, $1.9 billion and $1.6 billion for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  capital expenditures for 2014 decreased, compared with 2013, due primarily to the timing of expenditures on growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments and the separation of the natural gas distribution business on january 31, 2014. capital expenditures increased for 2013, compared with 2012, due primarily to growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments. the 2013 and 2012 capital expenditures reflect twelve months of capital expenditures for the natural gas distribution business.
in addition to the capital expenditures discussed above, oneok partners completed the acquisition of the west texas lpg system from affiliates of chevron corporation for approximately $800 million in november 2014. in 2013, oneok partners completed for $305 million the sage creek acquisition of certain natural gas gathering and processing, and natural gas liquids facilities in converse and campbell counties, wyoming, in the ngl-rich niobrara shale formation of the powder river basin. oneok partners also acquired the remaining 30 percent undivided interest in the maysville, oklahoma, natural gas processing facility for $90 million during 2013. for additional discussion, see note c to the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the following table sets forth oneok partners' 2015 projected capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions and afudc:
2015 projected capital expenditures
total projected capital expenditures                $1,227
projected 2015 capital expenditures are lower than 2014 capital expenditures due to suspending certain growth capital expenditures as discussed in "growth projects" in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments in financial results and operating information.  oneok partners has approximately $2.1 billion to $3.0 billion of projects in various stages of construction, including approximately $2.2 billion in new projects and acquisitions announced in 2014.  it expects to continue to finance future capital expenditures with a combination of operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt and the issuance of common units unconsolidated affiliates - the overland pass pipeline company limited liability company agreement provides that distributions to overland pass pipeline company's members are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each member's ownership interest. the overland pass pipeline company management committee determines the amount and timing of such distributions. any changes to, or suspension of, cash distributions from overland pass pipeline company requires the unanimous approval of the overland pass pipeline management committee. cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of available cash as defined in the limited liability company agreement.
the northern border pipeline partnership agreement provides that distributions to northern border pipeline's partners are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each partner's percentage interest. the northern border pipeline management committee determines the amount and timing of such distributions. any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distribution policy of northern border pipeline requires the unanimous approval of the northern border pipeline management committee.
cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of distributable cash flow as determined from northern border pipeline's financial statements based upon ebitda, less interest expense and maintenance capital expenditures. loans or other advances from northern border pipeline to its partners or affiliates are prohibited under its credit agreement.
west texas lpg pipeline - the limited partnership agreement of west texas lpg pipeline limited partnership (wtlpg) provides that distributions to the partners are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each partner's ownership interest. cash distributions to the partners for a calendar quarter are currently declared and paid by wtlpg in the next succeeding calendar quarter. any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distributions from wtlpg requires the approval of a minimum of 90 percent of the ownership interest and a minimum of two general partners of wtlpg. cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of distributable cash as defined in the limited partnership agreement of wtlpg.
credit ratings - oneok and oneok partners' credit ratings as of january 16, 2015, are shown in the table below:
oneok                  oneok partners rating agency   rating       outlook   rating          outlook moody's         baa3         stable    baa2            stable s&amp;p         bb+          stable    bbb             stable oneok terminated its commercial paper program following the separation of the natural gas distribution business. oneok continues to have access to the oneok credit agreement, which expires in january 2019.  oneok's rating was downgraded to baa3 by moody's and bb+ by s&p in february 2014 to reflect the separation of our natural gas distribution business.
oneok partners' commercial paper program is rated prime-2 by moody's and a-2 by s&p. oneok partners' credit ratings, which are currently investment grade, may be affected by a material change in financial ratios or a material event affecting its business and industry. the most common criteria for assessment of oneok partners' credit ratings are the debt-to-ebitda ratio, interest coverage, business risk profile and liquidity.
in february 2014, s&p affirmed oneok partners' current rating and revised its outlook to stable. however, recent declines in the energy commodity price environment and potential adverse impacts on oneok partners' results of operations and cash flows could cause the credit rating agencies to downgrade its credit ratings. if oneok partners' credit ratings were downgraded, the cost to borrow funds under its commercial paper program and credit agreement would increase, or oneok partners potentially could lose access to the commercial paper market. in the event that oneok partners is unable to borrow funds under its commercial paper program and there has not been a material adverse change in its business, oneok partners would continue to have access to the oneok partners credit agreement, which expires in january 2019. an adverse credit rating change alone is not a default under the oneok credit agreement or the oneok partners credit agreement. a downgrade in oneok partners' credit ratings could also result in a downgrade to oneok's credit ratings. however, we would not expect a downgrade to our credit ratings to have a material impact on our results of operations.
in the normal course of business, oneok partners' counterparties provide secured and unsecured credit. in the event of a downgrade in oneok partners' credit ratings or a significant change in oneok partners' counterparties' evaluation of its creditworthiness, oneok partners could be required to provide additional collateral in the form of cash, letters of credit or other negotiable instruments as a condition of continuing to conduct business with such counterparties. oneok partners may be required to fund margin requirements with its counterparties with cash, letters of credit or other negotiable instruments. there were no financial derivative instruments with contingent features related to credit risk that were in a net liability position at december 31, 2014.
oneok partners cash distributions - oneok partners distributes 100 percent of its available cash-as defined in its partnership agreement that generally consists of all cash receipts less adjustments for cash disbursements and net change to reserves-to its general and limited partners.  distributions are allocated to the general partner and limited partners according to their partnership percentages of 2 percent and 98 percent, respectively.  the effect of any incremental allocations for incentive distributions to the general partner are calculated after the allocation to the general partner's partnership interest and before the allocation to the limited partners.
commodity prices - oneok partners is subject to commodity price volatility. significant fluctuations in commodity prices will impact its overall liquidity due to the affect commodity price changes have on its cash flows from operating activities, including the impact on working capital for ngls and natural gas held in storage, margin requirements and certain energy-related receivables. the recent decline in commodity prices has contributed to a decrease of oneok partners' unit price. while lower commodity prices and industry uncertainty may increase debt and equity financing costs, oneok partners
expects to have sufficient liquidity to finance its announced capital growth projects. oneok partners believes that its available credit and cash and cash equivalents are adequate to meet liquidity requirements associated with commodity price volatility. see discussion under "commodity price risk" in part i, item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk in our annual report, for information on oneok partners' hedging activities.
pension and postretirement benefit plans - information about our pension and postretirement benefits plans, including anticipated contributions, is included under note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
during 2014, we made no contributions to our defined benefit pension plans, and $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement benefit plans for both continuing and discontinued operations.  the contributions to our postretirement benefit plans were attributable to the 2014 plan year.  we expect to make $1.5 million in contributions to our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans in 2015.
cash flow analysis we use the indirect method to prepare our consolidated statements of cash flows. under this method, we reconcile net income to cash flows provided by operating activities by adjusting net income for those items that impact net income but do not result in actual cash receipts or payments during the period and for operating cash items that do not impact net income. these reconciling items include depreciation and amortization, allowance for equity funds used during construction, gain or loss on sale of assets, equity earnings from investments, distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates, deferred income taxes, share-based compensation expense, other amounts, and changes in our assets and liabilities not classified as investing or financing activities.
the following table sets forth the changes in cash flows by operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated:
operating activities                                                             $1,285.6                $1,294.8                  $984.0
investing activities                                                             (2,566.2    )           (2,642.0    )           (1,814.2    )
financing activities                                                              1,304.5                   912.9                 1,339.0
operating cash flows - operating cash flows are affected by earnings from our business activities. changes in commodity prices and demand for our services or products, whether because of general economic conditions, changes in supply, changes in demand for the end products that are made with our products or increased competition from other service providers, could affect our earnings and operating cash flows.
2014 vs. 2013 - cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities, were approximately $1,227.3 million in 2014 compared with $1,302.0 million 2013. the decrease was due primarily to 2013 operating activities including a full year of operations of our former natural gas distribution business, which was separated from oneok on january 31, 2014, as discussed in note b, offset partially by higher operating income from oneok partners, as discussed in "financial results and operating information."
the changes in operating assets and liabilities increased operating cash flows by approximately $58.3 million in 2014, compared with a decrease of $7.2 million in 2013. the increase was due primarily to the collection and payment of trade receivables and payables, resulting from the timing of cash collections from customers and paid to vendors and suppliers, which vary from period to period. this change is also due to the change in ngl volumes in storage. these increases were offset partially by higher settlements of liabilities associated with the wind down of our former energy services business and higher imbalances.
2013 vs. 2012 - cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities, were approximately $1,302.0 million in 2013 compared with $1,290.2 million in 2012. the increase was due primarily to changes in net margin and operating expenses as discussed in "financial results and operating information."
the changes in operating assets and liabilities decreased operating cash flows by approximately $7.2 million in 2013, compared with a decrease of $306.2 million in 2012. the increase was due primarily to the settlement of interest-rate swaps associated with oneok's $700 million debt issuance in january 2012. the change also was affected by the collection and payment of trade receivables and payables, resulting from the timing of cash collections from customers and payments to vendors and suppliers, which vary from period to period.
investing cash flows - cash used in investing activities decreased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to decreased capital expenditures due to the separation of one gas and lower oneok partners capital expenditures primarily in the natural gas liquids segment, due to the timing of expenditures, offset partially by the acquisition of the west texas lpg system.
cash used in investing activities increased for 2013, compared with 2012, due primarily to increased capital expenditures on oneok partners' growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments, as well as expenditures for the sage creek acquisition and the remaining 30 percent interest in the maysville, oklahoma, natural gas processing facility.
financing cash flows - cash provided by financing activities increased for 2014, compared with 2013. the increases were due primarily to the issuance of $1.2 billion of one gas debt, higher issuances of oneok partners common units and oneok partners' borrowings of notes payable associated with completing the west texas lpg acquisition. this was offset partially by oneok's repayment of long-term debt from the proceeds received from one gas. cash flows also were affected by increased distributions from oneok partners to noncontrolling interests and increased oneok dividends in 2014, compared with 2013.
cash provided by financing activities decreased for 2013, compared with 2012, due primarily to oneok's january 2012 debt issuance; oneok partners issued a similar amount of debt in both periods. this was offset partially by higher repayment of debt and higher issuance of oneok partners' common units in 2013. cash flows also were affected by increased distributions from oneok partners to noncontrolling interests and increased oneok dividends in 2013, compared with 2012.
estimates and critical accounting policies the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. these estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. although we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results could differ from our estimates.
the following is a summary of our most critical accounting policies, which are defined as those estimates and policies most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and requiring management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgment, particularly because of the need to make estimates concerning the impact of inherently uncertain matters. we have discussed the development and selection of our estimates and critical accounting policies with the audit committee of our board of directors.
derivatives and risk-management activities - we and oneok partners utilize derivatives to reduce our market risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows.  the accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship.  when possible, we implement effective hedging strategies using derivative financial instruments that qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. we have not used derivative instruments for trading purposes.
we assess the effectiveness of hedging relationships quarterly by performing an effectiveness test on our hedging relationships to determine whether they are highly effective on a retrospective and prospective basis.  we do not believe that changes in our fair value estimates of our derivative instruments have a material impact on our results of operations, as the majority of our derivatives are accounted for as cash flow hedges for which ineffectiveness is not material. however, if a derivative instrument is ineligible for cash flow hedge accounting or if we fail to appropriately designate it as a cash flow hedge, changes in fair value of the derivative instrument would be recorded currently in earnings.  additionally, if a cash flow hedge ceases to qualify for hedge accounting treatment because it is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur, the change in fair value of the derivative instrument would be recognized in earnings.  for more information on commodity price sensitivity and a discussion of the market risk of pricing changes, see item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
see notes d and e of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional discussion of fair value measurements and derivatives and risk management activities.
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets, including intangible assets - we assess our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually as of july 1. our goodwill impairment analysis performed as of july 1, 2014, did not result in an impairment charge nor did our analysis reflect any reporting units at risk, and subsequent to that date, no event has occurred indicating that the implied fair value of each of our reporting units (including its inherent goodwill) is less than the carrying value of its net assets. there were also no impairment charges resulting from our 2013 annual impairment test.
as a result of the decline in natural gas prices and its effect on location and seasonal price differentials, we performed an interim impairment assessment of our former energy services business' goodwill balance as of march 31, 2012. as a result of that assessment, goodwill with a carrying amount of $10.3 million was written down to its implied fair value of zero, with a resulting impairment charge of $10.3 million recorded in 2012 earnings, which is included in income from discontinued operations. there were no impairment indicators for oneok partners or for our former natural gas distribution business as the cash flows generated from each of these businesses are derived from predominately fee-based, nondiscretionary services.
as part of our goodwill impairment test, we first assess qualitative factors (including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors and overall financial performance) to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. if further testing is necessary, we perform a two-step impairment test for goodwill. in the first step, an initial assessment is made by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its book value, including goodwill. if the fair value is less than the book value, an impairment is indicated, and we must perform a second test to measure the amount of the impairment. in the second test, we calculate the implied fair value of the goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value determined in step one of the assessment. if the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we will record an impairment charge.
to estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we use two generally accepted valuation approaches, an income approach and a market approach, using assumptions consistent with a market participant's perspective. under the income approach, we use anticipated cash flows over a period of years plus a terminal value and discount these amounts to their present value using appropriate discount rates. under the market approach, we apply ebitda multiples to forecasted ebitda. the multiples used are consistent with historical asset transactions. the forecasted cash flows are based on average forecasted cash flows for a reporting unit over a period of years.
as part of our indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test, we first assess qualitative factors similar to those considered in the goodwill impairment test to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. if further testing is necessary, we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with its book value. the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset is estimated using the market approach. under the market approach, we apply multiples to forecasted cash flows of the assets associated with our indefinite-lived intangible asset. the multiples used are consistent with historical asset transactions. after assessing qualitative factors, we determined that there were no impairments to our indefinite-lived intangible asset in 2014. there were also no impairment charges resulting from our 2013 or 2012 annual impairment tests.
we assess our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. an impairment is indicated if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. if an impairment is indicated, we record an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the long-lived asset. we determined that there were no asset impairments in 2014, 2013 or 2012.
for the investments we account for under the equity method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of the equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary.  therefore, we periodically reevaluate the amount at which we carry our equity method investments to determine whether current events or circumstances warrant adjustments to our carrying value. we determined that there were no impairments to our investments in unconsolidated affiliates in 2013 or 2012.
historically, low natural gas prices and the relatively higher crude oil and ngl prices compared with natural gas on a heating-value basis have caused producers primarily to focus development efforts on crude oil and ngl-rich supply basins rather than areas with dry natural gas production, such as coal-bed methane areas in the powder river basin.  the reduced coal-bed methane development activities and natural production declines in the dry natural gas formations of the powder river basin have resulted in lower natural gas volumes available to be gathered.  while the reserve potential in the dry natural gas formations of the powder river basin still exists, future drilling and development in this area will be affected by commodity prices and producers' alternative prospects.
during 2014, the volumes gathered on the bighorn gas gathering system, in which oneok partners owns a 49 percent equity interest and which operates in the coal-bed methane area of the powder river basin, declined at a rate greater than in prior periods and greater than expected. due to these additional declines in volumes, bighorn gas gathering recorded an impairment of its underlying assets in september 2014, when the operator determined that the volume decline would be sustained for the foreseeable future. as a result of these developments, oneok partners reviewed its equity method investment in bighorn gas gathering for impairment and recorded noncash impairment charges totaling $76.4 million related to bighorn gas gathering. the noncash impairment charges are included in equity earnings from investments in our accompanying consolidated statements of income. the net book value of oneok partners' equity method investment in bighorn gas gathering is $7.9 million at december 31, 2014, and no equity method goodwill remains.
a continued decline in volumes gathered in the coal-bed methane area of the powder river basin may reduce oneok partners' ability to recover the carrying value of its equity investments in this area and could result in additional noncash charges to earnings. the net book value of oneok partners' remaining equity method investments in this dry natural gas area is $206.0 million, which includes $130.5 million of equity method goodwill. we expect the energy commodity price environment to remain depressed for at least the near term, which has caused producers to announce plans for reduced drilling for crude oil and natural gas, which we expect will slow volume growth or reduce volumes of natural gas delivered to systems owned by its equity method investments.
our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. if actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates or our assumptions and estimates change due to new information, we may be exposed to future impairment charges.
see notes f, g and p of the notes to consolidated financial statements for our long-lived assets, goodwill and equity-method investments disclosures.
pension and postretirement employee benefits - we have a defined benefit retirement plan covering certain full-time employees. we sponsor welfare plans that provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain employees who retire with at least five years of service. our actuarial consultant calculates the expense and liability related to these plans and uses statistical and other factors that attempt to anticipate future events. these factors include assumptions about the discount
rate, expected return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, age and employment periods. in determining the projected benefit obligations and costs, assumptions can change from period to period and may result in material changes in the costs and liabilities we recognize. see note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional information.
during 2014, we recorded net periodic benefit costs of $21.5 million related to our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefits plans in continuing operations.
in connection with the separation of the natural gas distribution business, oneok entered into an employee matters agreement with one gas, which provides that employees of one gas no longer participate in benefit plans sponsored or maintained by oneok, as of january 1, 2014. the oneok defined benefit pension plan and postretirement benefit plans transferred an allocable portion of assets and obligations related to those employees transferring to one gas to newly established trusts for the one gas plans. this resulted in a decrease in oneok's sponsored qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement plan obligations of approximately $1.1 billion and a decrease in oneok's sponsored pension and postretirement plan assets of approximately $1.0 billion. additionally, as a result of the transfer of unrecognized losses to one gas, oneok's deferred income taxes and regulatory assets decreased approximately $86.0 million and $331.1 million, respectively.
we estimate that in 2015, we will record net periodic benefit costs of $21.6 million related to our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefits plans.
the following table sets forth the weighted-average assumptions used to determine our estimated 2015 net periodic benefit cost related to our defined benefit pension plans, and sensitivity to changes with respect to these assumptions.
rate used   costsensitivity (a)              obligationsensitivity (b)
(b) - approximate impact a quarter percentage point decrease in the assumed rate would have on defined benefit pension obligation.
a quarter percentage point change in either of the assumed rates would not have a significant impact on our postretirement benefit plan costs or obligation. assumed health care cost-trend rates have an effect on the amounts reported for our postretirement benefit plans. a one percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects:
effect on postretirement benefit obligation    $1.1                                      $(1.1                   )
during 2014, we made no contributions to our defined benefit pension plan and $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement benefit plans for our continuing operations. at december 31, 2014, we expect to make $1.5 million in contributions to our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans in 2015.
contingencies - our accounting for contingencies covers a variety of business activities, including contingencies for legal and environmental exposures. we accrue these contingencies when our assessments indicate that it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset will not be recovered and an amount can be reasonably estimated. we expense legal fees as incurred and base our legal liability estimates on currently available facts and our assessments of the ultimate outcome or resolution. accruals for estimated losses from environmental remediation obligations generally are recognized no later than the completion of a remediation feasibility study. recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is deemed probable. our expenditures for environmental evaluation, mitigation, remediation and compliance to date have not been significant in relation to our financial position or results of operations, and our expenditures related to environmental matters had no material effect on earnings or cash flows during 2014, 2013 and 2012. actual results may differ from our estimates resulting in an impact, positive or negative, on earnings. see note r of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional discussion of contingencies.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table sets forth our contractual obligations related to debt, operating leases and other long-term obligations as of december 31, 2014. for additional discussion of the debt agreements, see note i of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. the table below includes the contractual obligations of our former energy services business as oneok remains responsible for those obligations. the table below does not include the obligations of our former natural gas distribution business as those obligations have been transferred to and are now the responsibility of one gas as of the separation on january 31, 2014.
employee benefit plans                                                 33.5                   1.5                   1.0                 9.0                10.0                12.0                     -
purchase commitments, rights of way and other                         441.6                  78.2                  78.3                78.0                78.0                37.0                  92.1
firm transportation and storage contracts - the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments are party to fixed-price contracts for firm transportation and storage capacity.
energy services firm transportation and storage contracts - these obligations include future payments related to released contracts. see additional information in note b in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
financial and physical derivatives - these are obligations arising from oneok partners' fixed- and variable-price purchase commitments for physical and financial commodity derivatives.  estimated future variable-price purchase commitments are based on market information at december 31, 2014. actual future variable-price purchase obligations may vary depending on market prices at the time of delivery. sales of the related physical volumes and net positive settlements of financial derivatives are not reflected in the table above.
employee benefit plans - employee benefit plans include our anticipated contributions to our pension and postretirement benefit plans for 2015. see note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for discussion of our employee benefit plans.
purchase commitments, rights of way and other - purchase commitments include commitments related to oneok partners' growth capital expenditures and other rights-of-way and contractual commitments. purchase commitments exclude commodity purchase contracts, which are included in the "financial and physical derivatives" amounts.
forward-looking statements some of the statements contained and incorporated in this annual report are forward-looking statements as defined under federal securities laws.  the forward-looking statements relate to our anticipated financial performance (including projected operating income, net income, capital expenditures, cash flow and projected levels of dividends), liquidity, management's plans and objectives for our future growth projects and other future operations (including plans to construct additional natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines and processing facilities and related cost estimates), our business prospects, the outcome of regulatory and legal proceedings, market conditions and other matters.  we make these forward-looking statements in reliance on the safe harbor protections provided under federal securities legislation and other applicable laws.  the following discussion is intended to identify important factors that could cause future outcomes to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
forward-looking statements include the items identified in the preceding paragraph, the information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations and other statements contained or incorporated in this annual report identified by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "should," "goal," "forecast," "guidance," "could," "may," "continue," "might," "potential," "scheduled," and other words and terms of similar meaning.
one should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.  known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements.  those factors may affect our operations, markets, products, services and prices.  in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with the forward-looking statements, factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statement include, among others, the following:
•   competition from other united states and foreign energy suppliers and transporters, as well as alternative forms of energy, including, but not limited to, solar power, wind power, geothermal energy and biofuels such as ethanol and biodiesel;
•   the capital intensive nature of our businesses;
•   the profitability of assets or businesses acquired or constructed by us;
•   our ability to make cost-saving changes in operations;
•   risks of marketing, trading and hedging activities, including the risks of changes in energy prices or the financial condition of our counterparties;
•   the timing and extent of changes in energy commodity prices;
•   the effects of changes in governmental policies and regulatory actions, including changes with respect to income and other taxes, pipeline safety, environmental compliance, climate change initiatives and authorized rates of recovery of natural gas and natural gas transportation costs;
•   the impact on drilling and production by factors beyond our control, including the demand for natural gas and crude oil; producers' desire and ability to obtain necessary permits; reserve performance; and capacity constraints on the pipelines that transport crude oil, natural gas and ngls from producing areas and our facilities;
•   changes in demand for the use of natural gas, ngls and crude oil because of market conditions caused by concerns about climate change;
•   the impact of unforeseen changes in interest rates, equity markets, inflation rates, economic recession and other external factors over which we have no control, including the effect on pension and postretirement expense and funding resulting from changes in stock and bond market returns;
•   our indebtedness could make us vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limit our ability to borrow additional funds and/or place us at competitive disadvantages compared with our competitors that have less debt, or have other adverse consequences;
•   actions by rating agencies concerning the credit ratings of oneok and oneok partners;
•   the results of administrative proceedings and litigation, regulatory actions, rule changes and receipt of expected clearances involving any local, state or federal regulatory body, including the ferc, the national transportation safety board, the phmsa, the epa and cftc;
•   our ability to access capital at competitive rates or on terms acceptable to us;
•   risks associated with adequate supply to our gathering, processing, fractionation and pipeline facilities, including production declines that outpace new drilling or extended periods of ethane rejection;
•   the impact and outcome of pending and future litigation;
•   the ability to market pipeline capacity on favorable terms, including the effects of:
-   competitive conditions in the overall energy market;
-   availability of supplies of canadian and united states natural gas and crude oil; and
-   availability of additional storage capacity;
•   the timely receipt of approval by applicable governmental entities for construction and operation of our pipeline and other projects and required regulatory clearances;
•   our ability to acquire all necessary permits, consents or other approvals in a timely manner, to promptly obtain all necessary materials and supplies required for construction, and to construct gathering, processing, storage, fractionation and transportation facilities without labor or contractor problems;
•   the mechanical integrity of facilities operated;
•   demand for our services in the proximity of our facilities;
•   our ability to control operating costs;
•   acts of nature, sabotage, terrorism or other similar acts that cause damage to our facilities or our suppliers' or shippers' facilities;
•   the risk of a prolonged slowdown in growth or decline in the united states or international economies, including liquidity risks in united states or foreign credit markets;
•   the possibility of future terrorist attacks or the possibility or occurrence of an outbreak of, or changes in, hostilities or changes in the political conditions in the middle east and elsewhere;
•   the risk of increased costs for insurance premiums, security or other items as a consequence of terrorist attacks;
•   risks associated with pending or possible acquisitions and dispositions, including our ability to finance or integrate any such acquisitions and any regulatory delay or conditions imposed by regulatory bodies in connection with any such acquisitions and dispositions;
•   the impact of uncontracted capacity in our assets being greater or less than expected;
•   the ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment and regulatory assets in our state and ferc-regulated rates;
•   the composition and quality of the natural gas and ngls we gather and process in our plants and transport on our pipelines;
•   our ability to control construction costs and completion schedules of our pipelines and other projects; and
•   the risk factors listed in the reports we have filed and may file with the sec, which are incorporated by reference.
these factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements.  other factors could also have material adverse effects on our future results. these and other risks are described in greater detail in part i, item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report and in our other filings that we make with the sec, which are available via the sec's website at www.sec.gov and our website at www.oneok.com.  all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. any such forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and other than as required under securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or change in circumstances, expectations or otherwise.