item 1a. risk factors.
we discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives in this form 10-k, quarterly reports, press releases and other written and oral communications. all statements, except for historical and present factual information, are "forward-looking statements" and are based on financial data and business plans available only as of the the procter & gamble company  13
time the statements are made, which may become outdated or incomplete. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, or other factors. forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and investors must recognize that events could significantly differ from our expectations.
the following discussion of "risk factors" identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance. this information should be read in conjunction with md&a and the consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated in this report. the following discussion of risks is not all inclusive, but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our expectations. these factors could cause our future results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements and from historical trends.
a change in consumer demand for our products and/or lack of market growth could have a significant impact on our business.
we are a consumer products company and rely on continued global demand for our brands and products. to achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to consumers. this is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to develop effective sales, advertising and marketing programs. we expect to achieve our financial targets, in part, by focusing on the most profitable businesses, biggest innovations and most important emerging markets. we also expect to achieve our financial targets, in part, by achieving disproportionate growth in developing regions. if demand for our products and/or market growth rates, in either developed or developing markets, falls substantially below expected levels or our market share declines significantly in these businesses, our volume, and consequently our results, could be negatively impacted. this could occur due to, among other things, unforeseen negative economic or political events, unexpected changes in consumer trends and habits or negative consumer responses to pricing actions.
the ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels.
the consumer products industry is highly competitive. across all of our categories, we compete against a wide variety of global and local competitors. as a result, there are ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. this includes, among other things, increasing competition from mid- and lower-tier value products in both developed and developing markets. to address these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including pricing, promotional incentives and trade terms. in addition, the emergence of new sales channels may affect customer and consumer preferences, as well as market dynamics. failure to effectively compete in these new channels could negatively impact results.
our ability to meet our growth targets depends on successful product, marketing and operations innovation and our ability to successfully respond to competitive innovation.
achieving our business results depends, in part, on the successful development, introduction and marketing of new products and improvements to our equipment and manufacturing processes. successful innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance, to obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property protections and to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights of others. we must also be able to successfully respond to technological advances made by competitors and intellectual property rights granted to competitors. failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and impact our results.
our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results.
our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in commodity prices, raw materials, labor costs, energy costs, pension and healthcare costs and foreign exchange and interest rates. therefore, our success is dependent, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost saving projects and sourcing decisions, while maintaining and improving margins and market share. in addition, our financial projections include cost savings described in our announced productivity plan. failure to deliver these savings could adversely impact our results.
we face risks that are inherent in global manufacturing that could negatively impact our business results.
we need to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including any key sole supplier and sole manufacturing plant arrangements, to achieve our cost targets. while we have business continuity and contingency plans for key manufacturing sites and the supply of raw materials, it may be impracticable to have a sufficient alternative source, particularly when the input materials are in limited supply. in addition, our strategy for global growth includes increased presence in emerging markets. some emerging markets have greater political volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than established markets. any significant disruption of manufacturing, such as labor disputes, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control, could interrupt product supply and, if not remedied, have an adverse impact on our business.
14  the procter & gamble company we rely on third parties in many aspect our business, which creates additional risk.
due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties for certain functions, such as our suppliers, distributors, contractors, joint venture partners or external business partners. while we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our financial, legal, reputational and/or operational risk.
we face risks associated with having significant international operations.
we are a global company, with manufacturing operations in more than 40 countries and a significant portion of our revenue outside the u.s. our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to:
•   compliance with u.s. laws affecting operations outside of the united states, such as the foreign corrupt practices act;
•   compliance with a variety of local regulations and laws;
•   changes in tax laws and the interpretation of those laws;
•   changes in exchange controls and other limits on our ability to repatriate earnings from overseas;
•   difficulties enforcing intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions;
•   effective and immediate implementation of control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base; and
•   imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or similar restrictions on our sales outside the u.s.
we have sizable businesses and maintain local currency cash balances in a number of foreign countries with exchange, import authorization or pricing controls, including, but not limited to, venezuela, argentina, china, india and egypt. our results of operations and/or financial condition could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage these and other risks of international operations in an increasingly volatile environment.
fluctuations in exchange rates may have an adverse impact on our business results or financial condition.
we hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the u.s. dollar. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, the financial statements of our subsidiaries outside the u.s. are translated into u.s. dollars. our operations outside of the u.s. generate a significant portion of our net revenue. fluctuations in exchange rates may therefore adversely impact our business results or financial condition. see also the results of operations and cash flow, financial condition and liquidity sections of the md&a and note 5 to our consolidated financial statements.
we face risks related to changes in the global and political economic environment, including the global capital and credit markets.
our business is impacted by global economic conditions, which continue to be volatile.  our products are sold in more than 180 countries and territories around the world. if the global economy experiences significant disruptions, our business could be negatively impacted by reduced demand for our products related to: a slow-down in the general economy; supplier, vendor or customer disruptions resulting from tighter credit markets; and/or temporary interruptions in our ability to conduct day-to-day transactions through our financial intermediaries involving the payment to or collection of funds from our customers, vendors and suppliers.
our objective is to maintain credit ratings that provide us with ready access to global capital and credit markets. any downgrade of our current credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us.
we could also be negatively impacted by political issues or crises in individual countries or regions, including sovereign risk related to a default by or deterioration in the credit worthiness of local governments. for example, we could be adversely impacted by instability in the banking and governmental sectors of certain countries in the european union or the dynamics associated with the federal and state debt and budget challenges in the u.s.
consequently, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage continued global and/or economic uncertainty, especially in our significant geographies, as well as any political or economic disruption. these risks could negatively impact our overall liquidity and financing costs, as well as our ability to collect receipts due from governments, including refunds of value added taxes, and/or create significant credit risks relative to our local customers and depository institutions.
if the reputation of the company or one or more of our brands erodes significantly, it could have a material impact on our financial results.
the company's reputation is the foundation of our relationships with key stakeholders and other constituencies, such as customers and suppliers. in addition, many of our brands have worldwide recognition. this recognition is the result of the large investments we have made in our products over many years. the quality and safety of our products is critical to our business. our company also devotes significant time and resources to programs that are consistent with our corporate values and are designed to protect and preserve our reputation, such as social responsibility and environmental sustainability. if we are unable to effectively the procter & gamble company  15
manage real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, efficacy or similar matters, sentiments toward the company or our products could be negatively impacted; our ability to operate freely could be impaired and our financial results could suffer. our financial success is directly dependent on the success of our brands and the success of these brands can suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand's image or its ability to attract consumers. our results could also be negatively impacted if one of our brands suffers a substantial impediment to its reputation due to a significant product recall, product-related litigation, allegations of product tampering or the distribution and sale of counterfeit products. widespread use of social media and networking sites by consumers has greatly increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination. negative or inaccurate postings or comments about the company could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands. in addition, given the association of our individual products with the company, an issue with one of our products could negatively affect the reputation of our other products, or the company as a whole, thereby potentially hurting results.
our ability to successfully manage ongoing organizational change could impact our business results.
our financial targets assume a consistent level of productivity improvement. if we are unable to deliver expected productivity improvements, while continuing to invest in business growth, our financial results could be adversely impacted. we continue to execute a number of significant business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and workforce optimization projects to support our growth strategies. we expect these types of changes, which may include many staffing adjustments as well as employee departures, to continue for the foreseeable future. successfully managing these changes, including retention of particularly key employees, is critical to our business success. we are generally a build-from-within company and our success is dependent on identifying, developing and retaining key employees to provide uninterrupted leadership and direction for our business. this includes developing and retaining organizational capabilities in key growth markets where the depth of skilled or experienced employees may be limited and competition for these resources is intense.
our ability to successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities could impact our business results.
as a company that manages a portfolio of consumer brands, our ongoing business model involves a certain level of acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities. we must be able to successfully manage the impacts of these activities, while at the same time delivering against our business objectives. specifically, our financial results could be adversely impacted if: 1) changes in the cash flows or other market-based assumptions cause the value of acquired assets to fall below book value, 2) we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of revenue associated with divested brands, or 3) we are not able to deliver the expected cost and growth synergies associated with our acquisitions and joint ventures, which could also have an impact on goodwill and intangible assets.
our business is subject to changes in legislation, regulation and enforcement, and our ability to manage and resolve pending legal matters in the u.s. and abroad.
changes in laws, regulations and related interpretations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements and increased enforcement actions and penalties may alter the environment in which we do business. the increasingly complex and rapidly changing legal and regulatory environment creates additional challenges for our ethics and compliance programs. our ability to continue to meet these challenges could have an impact on our legal, reputational and business risk.
as a u.s.-based multinational company, we are subject to tax regulations in the u.s. and multiple foreign jurisdictions, some of which are interdependent. for example, certain income that is earned and taxed in countries outside the u.s. is not taxed in the u.s., provided those earnings are indefinitely reinvested outside the u.s. if these or other tax regulations should change, our financial results could be impacted. for example, there are increasing calls in the u.s. from members of leadership in both major u.s. political parties for "comprehensive tax reform" which may significantly change the income tax rules that are applicable to u.s. domiciled corporations, such as p&g.  it is very difficult to assess whether the overall effect of such potential legislation would be cumulatively positive or negative for our earnings and cash flows, but such changes could significantly impact our financial results.
our ability to manage regulatory, environmental, tax (including, but not limited to, any audits or other investigations) and legal matters (including, but not limited to, product liability, patent and other intellectual property matters) and to resolve pending legal matters without significant liability may materially impact our results of operations and financial position.  furthermore, if pending legal matters, including the competition law and antitrust investigations described in note 11 to our consolidated financial statements, result in fines or costs in excess of the amounts accrued to date, that could materially impact our results of operations and financial position.
a significant change in customer relationships or in customer demand for our products could have a significant impact on our business.
we sell most of our products via retail customers, which consist of mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, salons, distributors, e-commerce and high-frequency stores. our success is dependent on our ability to successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers. this includes
16  the procter & gamble company our ability to offer trade terms that are acceptable to our customers and are aligned with our pricing and profitability targets. our business could suffer if we cannot reach agreement with a key customer based on our trade terms and principles. our business would be negatively impacted if a key customer were to significantly reduce the inventory level of our products or experience a significant business disruption.
consolidation among our retail customers could also create significant cost and margin pressure and lead to more complexity across broader geographic boundaries for both us and our key retailers. this would be particularly challenging if major customers are addressing local trade pressures, local law and regulation changes or financial distress.
a breach of information security, including a cybersecurity breach or failure of one or more key information technology systems, networks, processes, associated sites or service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation.
we rely extensively on information technology (it) systems, networks and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. the various uses of these it systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to:
•   shipping products to customers;
•   marketing and selling products to consumers;
•   collecting and storing customer, consumer, employee, investor and other stakeholder information and personal data;
•   processing transactions;
•   hosting, processing and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans and financial information;
•   complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements;
•   providing data security; and
•   handling other processes necessary to manage our business.
numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of our it systems, networks and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. the company has made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, employee training and security policies for the company and its third-party providers. however, because the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. if the it systems, networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or if we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches, and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. the costs and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis forward-looking statements certain statements in this report, other than historical and present factual information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including, without limitation, in the following sections: "management's discussion and analysis" and "risk factors." these forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words "believe," "project," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "strategy," "future," "opportunity," "plan," "may," "should," "will," "would," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result" and similar expressions. forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. a detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled "economic conditions, challenges and risks" and the section titled "risk factors" (item 1a of this form 10-k). forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report and we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise.
the following management's discussion and analysis (md&a) is intended to provide the reader with an understanding of p&g's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. md&a is organized in the following sections:
•   overview
•   economic conditions, challenges and risks
•   cash flow, financial condition and liquidity
•   other information throughout md&a, we refer to measures used by management to evaluate performance, including unit volume growth, net sales and net earnings. we also refer to a number of financial measures that are not defined under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (u.s. gaap), including organic sales growth, core earnings per share (core eps), free cash flow and free cash flow productivity. organic sales growth is net sales growth excluding the impacts of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. core eps is diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations excluding certain specified charges and gains. free cash flow is operating cash flow less capital spending. free cash flow productivity is the ratio of free cash flow to net earnings. we believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight to some of the metrics used to evaluate management. the explanation at the end of md&a provides more details on the use and derivation of these measures.
management also uses certain market share and market consumption estimates to evaluate performance relative to competition despite some limitations on the availability and comparability of share and consumption information. references to market share and market consumption in md&a are based on a combination of vendor-reported consumption and market size data, as well as internal estimates. all market share references represent the percentage of sales in dollar terms on a constant currency basis of our products, relative to all product sales in the category and are measured on an annual basis versus the prior 12 month period. references to competitive activity include promotional and product initiatives from our competitors.
overview p&g is a global leader in fast moving consumer goods focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods of superior quality and value to our consumers around the world. our products are sold in more than 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, salons, distributors, e-commerce and high-frequency stores. we continue to expand our presence in other channels, including perfumeries and pharmacies. we have on-the-ground operations in approximately 70 countries.
our market environment is highly competitive with global, regional and local competitors. in many of the markets and industry segments in which we sell our products, we compete against other branded products as well as retailers' private-label brands. additionally, many of the product segments in which we compete are differentiated by price tiers (referred to as super-premium, premium, mid-tier and value-tier products). we are well positioned in the industry segments and markets in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position.
organizational structure our organizational structure is comprised of global business units (gbus), global operations, global business services (gbs) and corporate functions (cf).
global business units under u.s. gaap, the gbus are aggregated into five reportable segments: beauty; grooming; health care; fabric care and home care; and baby, feminine and family care. the gbus are responsible for developing overall brand strategy, new product upgrades and innovations and marketing plans. the following provides additional detail on our reportable segments and the key product categories and brand composition within each segment.
reportable segment               % ofnet sales*   % of netearnings*   gbus (categories)                                                                                                                                                                         billion dollar brands beauty                                      24%                 23%   beauty care (antiperspirant and deodorant, cosmetics, personal cleansing, skin care); hair care and color; prestige; salon professional                                                   head &amp; shoulders, olay, pantene, sk-ii, wella grooming                                    10%                 17%   shave care (electronic hair removal, female blades &amp; razors, male blades &amp; razors, pre- and post-shave products, other shave care)                                                fusion, gillette, mach3, prestobarba health care                                  9%                  9%   personal health care (gastrointestinal, rapid diagnostics, respiratory, vitamins/minerals/supplements, other personal health care); oral care (toothbrush, toothpaste, other oral care)   crest, oral-b, vicks fabric care and home care                   32%                 26%   fabric care (laundry additives, fabric enhancers, laundry detergents); home care (air care, dish care, p&amp;g professional, surface care); personal power (batteries)                    ariel, dawn, downy, duracell, febreze, gain, tide baby, feminine and family care              25%                 25%   baby care (baby wipes, diapers and pants); feminine care (adult incontinence, feminine care); family care (paper towels, tissues, toilet paper)                                           always, bounty, charmin, pampers
* percent of net sales and net earnings from continuing operations for the year ended june 30, 2014 (excluding results held in corporate).
recent developments: on july 31, 2014 the company completed the divestiture of its pet care operations in north america, latin america, and other selected countries to mars, incorporated (mars) for $2.9 billion in an all-cash transaction.  the gain or loss related to this transaction is not expected to be material and will be included in fiscal 2015 results. the european union countries are not included in the agreement with mars. the company is pursuing alternate plans to sell its pet care business in these markets.  in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance for the disposal of long-lived assets, the results of our pet care business are presented as discontinued operations and, as such, have been excluded from continuing operations and from segment results for all periods presented.
beauty: we are a global market leader in the beauty category. most of the beauty markets in which we compete are highly fragmented with a large number of global and local competitors. we compete in beauty care, hair care and color and prestige. in beauty care, we offer a wide variety of products, ranging from deodorants to cosmetics to skin care, such as our olay brand, which is the top facial skin care brand in the world with over 8% global market share. in hair care and color, we compete in both the retail and salon professional channels. we are the global market leader in the retail hair care and color market with over 20% global market share primarily behind our pantene and head &
shoulders brands. in the prestige channel, we compete primarily with our prestige fragrances behind dolce & gabbana, gucci and hugo boss fragrance brands and the sk-ii brand.
grooming: we are the global market leader in the blades and razors market globally. our global blades and razors market share is approximately 70%, primarily behind the gillette franchise including fusion, mach3, prestobarba and venus. our electronic hair removal devices, such as electric razors and epilators, are sold under the braun brand in a number of markets around the world where we compete against both global and regional competitors. we hold over 20% of the male shavers market and over 40% of the female epilators market.
health care: we compete in oral care and personal health care. in oral care, there are several global competitors in the market and we have the number two market share position with approximately 20% global market share. in personal health care, we are a top ten competitor in a large, highly fragmented industry behind respiratory treatments (vicks brand) and nonprescription heartburn medications (prilosec otc brand). nearly all of our sales outside the u.s in personal health are generated through the pgt healthcare partnership with teva pharmaceuticals ltd.
24  the procter & gamble company fabric care and home care: this segment is comprised of a variety of fabric care products, including: laundry detergents, additives and fabric enhancers; home care products, including dishwashing liquids and detergents, surface cleaners and air fresheners; and batteries. in fabric care, we generally have the number one or number two share position in the markets in which we compete and are the global market leader, with over 25% global market share, primarily behind our tide, ariel and downy brands. our global home care market share is approximately 20% across the categories in which we compete. in batteries, we have over 25% global battery market share, behind our duracell brand.
baby, feminine and family care:  in baby care, we compete mainly in diapers, pants and baby wipes, with over 30% global market share. we are the number one or number two baby care competitor in most of the key markets in which we compete, primarily behind pampers, the company's largest brand, with annual net sales of more than $10 billion. we are the global market leader in the feminine care category with over 30% global market share, primarily behind always. our family care business is predominantly a north american business comprised largely of the bounty paper towel and charmin toilet paper brands. u.s. market shares are approximately 45% for bounty and over 25% for charmin.
global operations global operations is comprised of our sales and market operations (smo), which is responsible for developing and executing go-to-market plans at the local level. the smo includes dedicated retail customer, trade channel and country-specific teams. through june 30, 2014, it was organized along five geographic regions: north america, western europe, central & eastern europe/middle east/africa (ceemea), latin america and asia, which is comprised of japan, greater china and asean/australia/india/korea (aaik). throughout md&a, we reference business results in developing markets, which we define as the aggregate of ceemea, latin america, aaik and greater china, and developed markets, which are comprised of north america, western europe and japan. effective july 1, 2014, our smo reorganized under five revised regions, comprised of north america, europe, latin america, asia, and india/middle east/africa (imea).
global business services gbs provides technology, processes and standard data tools to enable the gbus and the smo to better understand the business and better serve consumers and customers. the gbs organization is responsible for providing world-class solutions at a low cost and with minimal capital investment.
corporate functions cf provides company-level strategy and portfolio analysis, corporate accounting, treasury, tax, external relations, governance, human resources and legal, as well as other centralized functional support.
strategic focus we are focused on strategies that we believe are right for the long-term health of the company with the objective of delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group.
we are focusing our resources on our leading, most profitable categories and markets:
•   strengthening core categories, such as baby care and fabric care, and core markets, such as the u.s., to grow these businesses.
•   investing in developing markets on the categories and countries with the largest size of prize and highest likelihood of winning.
•   narrowing and refocusing the company's portfolio to compete in categories and brands that are structurally attractive and that play to p&amp;g strengths and looking at alternatives to partner, divest or discontinue the balance. this will enable us to allocate resources to leading brands - marketed in the right set of countries, channels, and customers - where the size of the prize and probability of winning is highest.
innovation has always been - and continues to be - p&g's lifeblood.  to consistently win with consumers around the world across price tiers and preferences and to consistently win versus our best competitors, each p&g product category needs a full portfolio of innovation, including a mix of commercial programs, product improvements and game-changing innovations.
productivity is a core strength for p&g, which creates flexibility to fund our growth efforts and deliver our financial commitments.  we have taken significant steps to accelerate productivity and savings across all elements of costs, including cost of goods sold, marketing expense and non-manufacturing overhead.
finally, we are focused on improving execution and operating discipline in everything we do.  operating discipline and execution have always been - and must continue to be - core capabilities and competitive advantages for p&g.
at current market growth rates, the company expects the consistent delivery of the following annual financial targets will result in total shareholder returns in the top third of the competitive peer group:
•   organic sales growth modestly above market growth rates in the categories and geographies in which we compete;
•   core eps growth of high single digits; and
•   free cash flow productivity of 90% or greater.
summary of 2014 results amounts in millions, except per share amounts                        2014   change vs. prior year                2013   change vs. prior year                2012
•   net sales increased 1% to $83.1 billion including a negative 2% impact from foreign exchange.
◦   unit volume increased 3%. volume grew mid-single digits for fabric care and home care and baby, feminine and family care. volume increased low single digits for grooming and health care. volume was unchanged for beauty.
◦   net earnings from continuing operations increased $406 million or 4% largely due to net sales growth and net earnings margin expansion behind reduced selling, general and administrative costs (sg&amp;a), partially offset by gross margin contraction. foreign exchange impacts negatively impacted net earnings by approximately 9%.
◦   net earnings from discontinued operations decreased $23 million due to reduced earnings in pet care from ongoing impacts of prior year product recalls.
•   cash flow from operating activities was $14.0 billion.
◦   free cash flow productivity was 86%.
economic conditions, challenges and risks we discuss expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives, in annual and quarterly reports, press releases and other written and oral communications. all such statements, except for historical and present factual information, are "forward-looking statements" and are based on financial data and our business plans available only as of the time the statements are made, which may become out-of-date or incomplete. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or other factors. forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and investors must recognize that events could be significantly different from our expectations. for more information on risks that could impact our results, refer to item 1a risk factors in this 10-k.
ability to achieve business plans. we are a consumer products company and rely on continued demand for our brands and products. to achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to consumers and retail trade customers. our continued success is dependent on innovation with respect to both products and operations and on the continued positive reputations of our brands. this means we must be able to obtain and maintain patents and trademarks and respond to technological advances and patents granted to competition. our success is also dependent on effective sales, advertising and marketing programs in a more fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. our ability to innovate and execute in these areas will determine the extent to which we are able to grow existing net sales and volume profitably, especially with respect to the product categories and geographic markets (including developing markets) in which we have chosen to focus. there are high levels of competitive activity in the markets in which we operate. to address these challenges, we must respond to competitive factors, including pricing, promotional incentives, trade terms and product initiatives. we must manage each of these factors, as well as maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers, in order to effectively compete and achieve our business plans.
as a company that manages a portfolio of consumer brands, our ongoing business model involves a certain level of ongoing acquisition, divestiture and joint venture activities. we must be able to successfully manage the impacts of these activities, while at the same time delivering against base business objectives.
daily conduct of our business also depends on our ability to maintain key information technology systems, including systems operated by third-party suppliers and to maintain security over our data.
26  the procter & gamble company cost pressures. our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in commodity prices, raw materials, labor costs, foreign exchange and interest rates. therefore, our success is dependent, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost savings projects, sourcing decisions and certain hedging transactions, as well as ongoing productivity improvements. we also must manage our debt and currency exposure, especially in certain countries with currency exchange controls, such as venezuela, china, india, egypt and argentina. we need to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including sole supplier and manufacturing plant arrangements, and successfully manage any disruptions at company manufacturing sites. we must implement, achieve and sustain cost improvement plans, including our established outsourcing relationships and those related to general overhead and workforce optimization. successfully managing these changes, including identifying, developing and retaining key employees, is critical to our success.
global economic conditions. demand for our products has a correlation to global macroeconomic factors. the current macroeconomic factors remain dynamic. economic changes, terrorist activity, political unrest and natural disasters may result in business interruption, inflation, deflation or decreased demand for our products. our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage continued global political and/or economic uncertainty, especially in our significant geographic markets, due to terrorist and other hostile activities or natural disasters. we could also be negatively impacted by a global, regional or national economic crisis, including sovereign risk in the event of a deterioration in the credit worthiness of, or a default by local governments, resulting in a disruption of credit markets. such events could negatively impact our ability to collect receipts due from governments, including refunds of value added taxes, create significant credit risks relative to our local customers and depository institutions and/or negatively impact our overall liquidity. additionally, changes in exchange controls and other limits could impact our ability to repatriate earnings from overseas.
regulatory environment. changes in laws, regulations and the related interpretations may alter the environment in which we do business. this includes changes in environmental, competitive and product-related laws, as well as changes in accounting standards and tax laws or the enforcement thereof. our ability to manage regulatory, tax and legal matters (including, but not limited to, product liability, patent and other intellectual property matters) and to resolve pending legal matters within current estimates may impact our results.
results of operations the key metrics included in our discussion of our consolidated results of operations include net sales, gross margin, selling, general and administrative expenses (sg&a), other non-operating items and income taxes. the primary factors driving year-over-year changes in net sales include overall market growth in the categories in which we compete, product initiatives, the level of initiatives and other activities by competitors, geographic expansion and acquisition and divestiture activity, all of which drive changes in our underlying unit volume, as well as pricing actions (which can also indirectly impact volume), changes in product and geographic mix and foreign currency impacts on sales outside the u.s.
most of our cost of products sold and sg&a are to some extent variable in nature. accordingly, our discussion of these operating costs focuses primarily on relative margins rather than the absolute year-over-year changes in total costs. the primary drivers of changes in gross margin are input costs (energy and other commodities), pricing impacts, geographic mix (for example, gross margins in developed markets are generally higher than in developing markets for similar products), product mix (for example, the beauty segment has higher gross margins than the company average), foreign exchange rate fluctuations (in situations where certain input costs may be tied to a different functional currency than the underlying sales), the impacts of manufacturing savings projects and to a lesser extent scale impacts (for costs that are fixed or less variable in nature). the primary drivers of sg&a are marketing-related costs and overhead costs. marketing-related costs are primarily variable in nature, although we do achieve some level of scale benefit over time due to overall growth and other marketing efficiencies. overhead costs are also variable in nature, but on a relative basis, less so than marketing costs due to our ability to leverage our organization and systems infrastructures to support business growth. accordingly, we generally experience more scale-related impacts for these costs.
the company is in the midst of a productivity and cost savings plan to reduce costs in the areas of supply chain, research and development, marketing and overhead expenses. the plan is designed to accelerate cost reductions by streamlining management decision making, manufacturing and other work processes to fund the company's growth strategy. the company expects to incur in excess of $4.5 billion in before-tax restructuring costs over a five-year period (fiscal 2012 through fiscal 2016) as part of this plan. overall, the costs and other non-manufacturing enrollment reductions are expected to deliver in excess of $2.8 billion in annual gross before-tax savings (see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements).
net sales fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
net sales increased 1% to $83.1 billion in 2014 on a 3% increase in unit volume versus the prior year period. fabric care and home care along with baby, feminine and family care volume grew mid-single digits. grooming and health care volume grew low single digits. beauty volume was unchanged. volume increased low single digits in developed regions and grew mid-single digits in developing regions.
unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 2%. organic sales grew 3% driven by the unit volume increase. a 1% favorable impact from higher pricing was offset by a 1% impact from unfavorable geographic and product mix due to higher relative growth of developing regions, which have lower than average selling prices, and of lower priced product categories such as fabric care and baby care.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
net sales increased 1% to $82.6 billion in 2013 on a 2% increase in unit volume. volume in health care and baby, feminine and family care grew mid-single digits. volume in fabric care and home care grew low single digits.
beauty volume was in line with the prior year. grooming volume decreased low single digits. volume grew low single digits in both developed and developing regions. the impact of overall global market growth was partially offset by market share declines in certain categories. price increases added 1% to net sales, driven by price increases across all business segments, primarily executed in prior periods to offset cost increases and devaluing developing market currencies. foreign exchange reduced net sales by 2%. organic sales growth was 3% driven by both volume and price increases.
operating costs comparisons as a percentage of net sales; years ended june 30            2014         basis pointchange          2013         basis pointchange          2012
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges      -   %             (40          )       0.4   %           (150          )       1.9   %
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes             17.9   %              10                 17.8   %            250                 15.3   %
fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
gross margin contracted 100 basis points to 48.9% of net sales in 2014. the decrease in gross margin was primarily driven by a 150 basis point impact from unfavorable geographic and product mix, a 50 basis point impact from higher commodity costs, and a 90 basis point impact from unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by manufacturing cost savings of 190 basis points and a 40 basis point benefit from higher pricing. the unfavorable geographic and product mix was caused by disproportionate growth in developing regions, and the fabric care and home care and baby, feminine and family care segments, which have lower gross margins than the company average.
total selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 5% to $25.3 billion in 2014 due to a reduction in marketing spending, overhead expense and restructuring costs. sg&a as a percentage of net sales decreased 170 basis points to 30.5%. lower restructuring spending drove 30 basis points of the decline. marketing spending as a percentage of net sales decreased 80 basis points primarily due to lower spending behind a focus on more efficient marketing support and scale benefits from increased net sales. overhead spending decreased 50 basis points from productivity savings of 40 basis points and scale benefits from increased net sales. the 2014 impact from foreign currency policy changes in venezuela was comparable to the prior year devaluation impact.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
gross margin expanded 40 basis points in 2013 to 49.9% of net sales, driven by higher pricing and manufacturing cost savings, partially offset by negative mix and higher commodity costs. gross margin was positively impacted by 70 basis points from higher pricing and approximately 160 basis points from manufacturing cost savings. gross margin was negatively impacted by 160 basis points from negative geographic and product mix behind disproportionate growth in developing regions and mid-tier products, both of which have lower gross margins than the company average. gross margin was also reduced by capacity investments and to a lesser extent by foreign exchange impacts and higher commodity costs.
total sg&a increased 2% to $26.6 billion in 2013, driven by a charge for the balance sheet impact from the devaluation of the official foreign exchange rate in venezuela and an increase in marketing spending, partially offset by reduced overhead costs as a result of the productivity and cost savings plan. sg&a as a percentage of net sales increased 50 basis points to 32.2% largely due to a 40 basis point impact from the venezuela devaluation charge and a 10 basis point increase in marketing spending as a percentage of net sales. overhead costs as a percentage of net sales declined 20 basis points, as a 70 basis point benefit from our productivity and cost savings plan and 20 basis points of lower restructuring costs were largely offset by the impact of foreign exchange. this was due to a higher
28  the procter & gamble company portion of sg&a spending in strengthening currencies as compared to net sales, higher employee wages and benefit costs and increased merchandising investments.
in fiscal 2013 we incurred impairment charges of $308 million ($290 million after-tax) related to the carrying value of goodwill in our appliances business and the related braun trade name intangible asset. in fiscal 2012 we incurred impairment charges of $1.6 billion ($1.5 billion after-tax) related to the carrying values of goodwill in our appliances and salon professional businesses and our koleston perfect and wella indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are part of our salon professional business. see significant accounting policies and estimates (goodwill and intangible assets) and note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for more details, including factors leading to the impairment charges. since goodwill is included in corporate for internal management and segment reporting, the goodwill impairment charges are included in the corporate segment. the indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments are also included in the corporate segment for management and segment reporting.
non-operating items fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
interest expense increased 6% in 2014 to $709 million, primarily due to an increase in average debt outstanding. interest income was $100 million in 2014, an increase of $13 million versus the prior year due to an increase in cash, cash equivalents and investment securities. other non-operating income, net, primarily includes divestiture gains and investment income.  other non-operating income decreased $736 million to $206 million, primarily due to acquisition and divestiture impacts. in 2014, we had approximately $150 million in divestiture gains, primarily related to the sale of our bleach businesses in ceemea and latin america, our pert hair care business in latin america and mdvip. the prior year acquisition and divestiture activities included a $631 million holding gain resulting from p&g's purchase of the balance of its baby care and feminine care joint venture in iberia and an approximate $250 million gain from the divestiture of our italy bleach business.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
interest expense decreased 13% in 2013 to $667 million, due to lower interest rates on floating-rate debt. interest income increased 13% in 2013 to $87 million, due to an increase in cash, cash equivalents and debt securities. other non-operating income increased $757 million to $942 million in 2013 mainly due to net acquisition and divestiture activities. the $631 million holding gain resulting from the purchase of the balance of p&g's baby care and feminine care joint venture in iberia and the gain of approximately $250 million from the sale of our italian bleach business, both in fiscal 2013, were partially offset by a $130 million divestiture gain from the pur water filtration business in 2012.
income taxes fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
the effective tax rate on continuing operations decreased 170 basis points to 21.4% in 2014. the primary driver of this rate decline was approximately 320 basis points from the favorable geographic mix of earnings and approximately 60 basis points due to the non-deductibility of the prior year impairment charges related to our appliances business. these impacts were partially offset by a 50 basis point increase due to the venezuela currency policy changes and devaluation discussed below (which decreased the prior year rate 20 basis points and increased the current year rate by 30 basis points), a 110 basis point increase due to the tax impacts of acquisition and divestiture activities (the gains from the purchase of the balance of the baby care and feminine care joint venture in iberia and the sale of our italy bleach business in the prior year), and a 30 basis point increase is due to the net impact of favorable discrete adjustments related to uncertain income tax positions. the net benefit on the current year was $228 million, or 150 basis points, versus 180 basis points of net benefit in the prior year.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
the effective tax rate on continuing operations decreased 390 basis points to 23.1% in 2013. the primary drivers of this rate decline were approximately 210 basis points due to the non-deductibility of impairment charges related to our appliances and salon professional businesses, which were higher in the base period versus the current year, approximately 100 basis points due to the tax impacts from acquisition and divestiture activity (primarily the non-taxable gain on the purchase of the balance of the baby care and feminine care joint venture in iberia), approximately 20 basis points from the impact of the venezuela currency devaluation, and approximately 50 basis points due to the net impact of favorable discrete adjustments related to uncertain income tax positions. the 2013 net benefit was $275 million, or 180 basis points, versus a net benefit of 130 basis points in 2012.
net earnings fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
net earnings from continuing operations increased $406 million or 4% to $11.7 billion in 2014 due to the increase in sales and a 40-basis point expansion in net earnings margin. the increase in net earnings margin was primarily driven by the decrease in sg&a as a percentage of net sales and the lower tax rate, partially offset by the gross margin contraction and the acquisition and divestiture-driven net reduction in other non-operating income, net.
net earnings from discontinued operations decreased $23 million in 2014 due to ongoing impacts of prior year product recalls in pet care. net earnings attributable to procter & gamble increased $331 million, or 3% to $11.6 billion.
diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations increased 4% to $3.98 primarily due to the increase in net earnings. diluted net earnings per share from discontinued operations was $0.03 due to the earnings of the pet care business. diluted net earnings per share increased 4% to $4.01.
core eps increased 5% to $4.22 primarily due to increased net sales, a 40 basis point net earnings margin expansion and the reduction in shares outstanding. core eps represents diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations excluding the current and prior year charge for the balance sheet impacts from foreign exchange policy changes and the devaluation of the foreign exchange rates in venezuela (see below), the prior year holding gain on the purchase of the balance of our iberian joint venture, impairments of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in the prior year and charges in both years for european legal matters and incremental restructuring related to our productivity and cost savings plan.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
net earnings from continuing operations increased $2.2 billion or 24% to $11.3 billion in 2013. the combination of the net year-over-year impact of acquisition and divestiture gains and the net year-over-year decline in impairment charges drove $1.9 billion of the increase. earnings also increased due to the increase in net sales and the 40 basis point gross margin expansion in 2013.
net earnings from discontinued operations decreased $1.7 billion in 2013 due to the gain on the divestiture of the snacks business and the earnings from the snacks business prior to the divestiture in the prior year. net earnings attributable to procter & gamble increased $556 million, or 5% to $11.3 billion.
diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations increased 25% to $3.83 in 2013 due to the increase in net earnings and a reduction in shares outstanding. the number of shares outstanding decreased due to $6.0 billion of treasury share repurchases under our publicly announced share repurchase program, partially offset by shares issued under share-based compensation plans. diluted net earnings per share from discontinued operations was $0.03 due to the earnings of the pet care business. diluted net earnings per share from discontinued operations in 2012 was $0.60 primarily due to the gain on the divestiture of the snacks business and earnings of the snacks business prior to divestiture. diluted net earnings per share increased 5% to $3.86.
core eps increased 6% to $4.02 in 2013 primarily due to increased net sales, gross margin expansion and the reduction in shares outstanding. core eps represents diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations excluding the 2013 charge for the balance sheet impact from the devaluation of the official foreign exchange rate in venezuela, the 2013 holding gain on the purchase of the balance of our iberian joint venture and charges in both years for european legal matters, incremental restructuring related to our productivity and cost savings plan and impairments of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets.
venezuela currency impacts venezuela is a highly inflationary economy under u.s. gaap. as a result, the u.s. dollar is the functional currency for our subsidiaries in venezuela. any currency remeasurement adjustments for non-dollar denominated monetary assets and liabilities held by these subsidiaries and other transactional foreign exchange gains and losses are reflected in earnings. for the current fiscal year, venezuela represented approximately 1% of the company's consolidated net sales and operating profit excluding the impact of the remeasurement charge discussed below.
through december 31, 2013, the venezuelan government had established one official exchange rate for qualifying dividends and imported goods and services. transactions at the official exchange rate are subject to approval by cencoex (national center for external commerce), previously cadivi (foreign exchange administrative commission). effective february 9, 2013 the venezuelan government devalued its currency from 4.3 to 6.3 venezuelan bolivares fuerte (vef) per dollar. the remeasurement of our local balance sheets to reflect this devaluation in the fiscal year ended 2013 resulted in an after tax charge of $236 million ($0.08 per share).
in addition to the preferential cencoex exchange rate, there are and have been parallel exchange markets controlled by the central bank of venezuela as the only legal intermediary to execute foreign exchange transactions outside of cencoex. through december 31, 2013, various regulations and a limited notional amount of transactions that ran through these programs essentially eliminated the company's ability to access any foreign exchange rate other than the preferential rate to pay for imported goods and/or manage our local monetary asset balances. accordingly, all of our net monetary assets were measured at the preferential 6.3 vef per dollar exchange rate through december 31, 2013. in addition, through december 31, 2013, our results in venezuela were reflected in our consolidated financial statements at the official cadivi rate, which was the rate we expected to be applicable to dividend repatriations.
on january 24, 2014, the government made a number of announcements affecting currency exchange rate and other controls. the preferential cencoex exchange rate remains at 6.3 vef per dollar. in addition, while there is considerable uncertainty as to the nature of transactions that will flow through cencoex and how cencoex will operate in the future, the company believes that a significant portion of its imports will continue to qualify for the preferential rate. however, the importation of certain finished goods and raw materials for some product categories, along with the payment of dividends and
30  the procter & gamble company royalties, will be executed under the sicad (complementary system for foreign exchange administration) program. sicad is an auction-based exchange program. the company expects to be able to access the sicad program for dividends and other transactions. the rate available through sicad was 11.7 vef per dollar in january 2014, and was 10.6 vef per dollar at june 30, 2014. the company incurred an after tax charge of $275 million ($0.09 per share) in january 2014 to remeasure certain portions of our local venezuela balance sheets not qualifying for the preferential cencoex rate to the initial sicad exchange rate. in late march 2014, the government introduced a third exchange mechanism, referred to as sicad ii, which is also an auction-based program currently trading at approximately 50.0 vef per dollar. the company does not expect to access sicad ii. accordingly, the underlying sicad ii exchange rates have not been utilized for purposes of remeasuring or translating our venezuela results.
as of june 30, 2014, the company had net monetary assets denominated in local currency of approximately $1.0 billion. approximately $670 million of that amount is expected to be utilized to satisfy liabilities for past imports that were approved under cencoex and are measured at the preferential 6.3 vef per dollar rate. the remaining balance has been measured at the sicad rate. local currency net monetary balances increased approximately $110 million versus june 30, 2013 as increases due to earnings in venezuela, the timing of cencoex payments and an increase in the net amount of indirect value added taxes (vat) receivable from the government from goods receipts and shipments, was partially offset by the remeasurement of balances from the preferential cencoex rate to the sicad rate.
other controls imposed by the venezuelan government include import authorization controls, currency exchange and payment controls, price controls and recently enacted profit margin controls. the ongoing impact of the recent announcements and our ability to restore net sales and profit to levels achieved prior to the recent devaluations will be impacted by several factors.  these include our ability to mitigate the effect of the price and profit margin controls, any potential future devaluation of the preferential cencoex exchange rate, any significant change in the auction exchange rates or liquidity in the sicad program, any migration of additional product categories from the cencoex to the sicad rates, any company actions to access the sicad ii market, any further venezuelan government price or exchange controls, economic conditions and the availability of raw materials and utilities.  in addition, depending on the future availability of u.s. dollars at the preferential rate, our local u.s. dollar needs, our overall repatriation plans, including our ability to obtain government approval for the payment of dividends, which has been limited in recent years, the creditworthiness of the local depository institutions and other creditors and our ability to collect amounts due from customers and the government, including vat receivables, we may have exposure for our local monetary assets.
segment results segment results reflect information on the same basis we use for internal management reporting and performance evaluation. the results of these reportable segments do not include certain non-business unit specific costs such as interest expense, investing activities and certain restructuring and asset impairment costs. these costs are reported in our corporate segment and are included as part of our corporate segment discussion. additionally, as described in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, we apply blended statutory tax rates in the segments. eliminations to adjust segment results to arrive at our effective tax rate are included in corporate. we previously had a difference in the treatment of certain unconsolidated investees. certain unconsolidated investees that are managed as integral parts of our businesses were reflected as consolidated subsidiaries for management reporting and in segment results, with full recognition of the individual income statement line items through before-tax earnings. eliminations to adjust these line items to u.s. gaap were included in corporate. in determining after-tax earnings for the businesses, we eliminated the share of earnings applicable to other ownership interests, in a manner similar to noncontrolling interest, and applied statutory tax rates. during the final quarter of fiscal 2014, we changed our management accounting for unconsolidated investees. pursuant to this change, segment results no longer include full recognition of the individual income statement line items of unconsolidated investees and eliminations of such amounts are no longer included in corporate. all periods have been adjusted to reflect this change. all references to net earnings throughout the discussion of segment results refer to net earnings from continuing operations.
net sales change drivers (2014 vs. 2013)
volume withacquisitions&amp; divestitures         volumeexcludingacquisitions&amp; divestitures         foreignexchange         price         mix         other         net salesgrowth beauty                                                                  0%                                                    0%                     -2%            0%          0%            0%                     -2%
net sales change drivers (2013 vs. 2012)
volume withacquisitions&amp; divestitures         volumeexcludingacquisitions&amp; divestitures         foreignexchange         price         mix         other         net salesgrowth beauty                                                                  0%                                                    0%                     -2%            2%         -1%           -1%                     -2%
net sales percentage changes are approximations based on quantitative formulas that are consistently applied. other includes the sales mix impact from acquisitions and divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile volume to net sales.
($ millions)        2014   change vs 2013   2013           change vs 2012
% of net sales     14.0%          160 bps          12.4%           60 bps fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
beauty net sales decreased 2% to $19.5 billion in 2014. unit volume was in line with the prior year period as overall market growth was offset by share declines from the impacts of competitive activity. organic sales were flat. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 2%. global market share of the beauty segment decreased 0.4 points. volume increased low single digits in developing markets and declined low single digits in developed markets. volume in hair care and color was flat with decreases in developed regions offset by an increase in developing regions. global market share of the hair care category decreased nearly half a point. volume in beauty care increased low single digits due to product and commercial innovation and market growth for personal cleansing and deodorants, partially offset by a decrease in facial skin care due to competitive activity. global market share of the beauty care category decreased nearly half a point. volume in salon professional decreased mid-single digits due to competitive activity and european market contraction. volume in prestige decreased low single digits due to minor brand divestitures.
net earnings increased 11% to $2.7 billion due to a 160 basis point increase in net earnings margin. net earnings margin increased due to a decrease in sg&a and a gain on a minor brand divestiture (pert in latin america), partially offset by gross margin contraction. sg&a decreased primarily due to a reduction in marketing spending resulting from optimization efforts. gross margin decreased slightly due to the impact of foreign exchange and negative geographic and product mix, partially offset by manufacturing cost savings.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
beauty net sales decreased 2% to $20.0 billion in 2013 on unit volume that was in line with the prior year period. organic sales increased 1%. price increases contributed 2% to net sales growth. unfavorable geographic mix reduced net sales by 1% due to disproportionate growth in developing regions, which have lower than segment average selling prices. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 2%. the mix impact of minor brand divestitures reduced net sales by 1%. global market share of the beauty segment decreased 0.5 points. volume increased low single digits in developing markets and decreased low single digits in developed regions. volume in hair care and color was in line with the prior year period due to a low single-digit increase in developing regions from market growth and innovation offset by a low single-digit decline in developed
32  the procter & gamble company regions from reduced shipments as a result of price gaps versus competition. global market share of the hair care and color category was down more than half a point. volume in beauty care was in line with the prior year period. a low single-digit volume increase in personal cleansing and a mid-single-digit increase in deodorants, driven by innovation and market growth in developing regions, was offset by a mid-single-digit decline in facial skin care, where global market share decreased about a point. volume in salon professional was in line with the prior year period due to mid-single-digit growth in developing markets behind new innovations, offset by a low single-digit decline in developed regions from market contraction. volume in prestige was in line with the prior year period due to minor brand divestitures and market contraction in western europe, offset by innovation and market growth in developing markets. organic volume in prestige increased low single digits.
net earnings increased 4% to $2.5 billion, as lower net sales were more than offset by a 60-basis point increase in net earnings margin. net earnings margin increased due to gross margin expansion, a decrease in sg&a as a percentage of sales and a lower effective tax rate. gross margin increased behind manufacturing cost savings and higher pricing. sg&a as a percentage of net sales declined largely due to reduced overhead spending. the effective tax rate declined due to the geographic mix of earnings.
($ millions)       2014   change vs 2013   2013          change vs 2012
% of net sales    24.4%   150 bps                22.9%          120 bps fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
grooming net sales were flat at $8.0 billion in 2014 on a 1% increase in unit volume. organic sales were up 3%. price increases in blades and razors and appliances contributed 4% to net sales growth. unfavorable geographic and product mix reduced net sales by 2% due to disproportionate growth in developing regions and mid-tier products, both of which have lower than segment average selling prices. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 3%. global market share of the grooming segment increased 0.2 points. volume increased mid-single digits in developing regions partially offset by a low single digit decrease in developed regions. shave care volume increased low single digits due to a mid-single-digit growth in developing regions from innovation and market growth, partially offset by a low single-digit decrease in developed regions due to market contraction. global market share of the blades and razors category was up slightly. volume in appliances decreased low single digits due to the sale of the braun household appliances business. organic volume increased mid-single digits driven by developing markets due to market growth, product innovation on men's shavers and shipments to build inventory to support initiatives and new distributors. global market share of the appliances category was down less than half a point.
net earnings increased 6% to $2.0 billion due to a 150 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. net earnings margin increased primarily due to a reduction in sg&a spending which was driven by a decrease in marketing spending. gross margin increased slightly as the benefits of pricing and manufacturing cost savings more than offset the negative impacts of foreign exchange and geographic and product mix.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
grooming net sales decreased 4% to $8.0 billion in 2013 on a 1% decrease in unit volume. organic sales were up 2% on organic volume that was in line with the prior year period. price increases contributed 2% to net sales growth. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 4%. the impact of the braun household appliances business divestiture reduced net sales by 1%. global market share of the grooming segment increased 0.4 points. volume increased low single digits in developing regions and decreased mid-single digits in developed regions. shave care volume increased low single digits due to low single-digit growth in developing regions, primarily behind market growth and innovation expansion, partially offset by a low single-digit decrease in developed regions primarily due to market contraction in western europe. global market share of the blades and razors category was up less than half a point. volume in appliances decreased double digits due to the sale of the braun household appliances business, competitive activity and market contraction. organic volume in appliances declined high single digits. global market share of the appliances category decreased nearly half a point.
net earnings increased 2% to $1.8 billion due to a 120-basis point increase in net earnings margin, partially offset by the decrease in net sales. net earnings margin increased primarily due to gross margin expansion. gross margin increased due to pricing and manufacturing cost savings. sg&a as a percentage of net sales decreased nominally as increased marketing spending was offset by reduced overhead costs.
($ millions)       2014   change vs 2013   2013                change vs 2012
% of net sales    13.9%   (30) bps                     14.2%           10 bps fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
health care net sales increased 1% to $7.8 billion in 2014 on a 2% increase in unit volume. organic sales increased 2%. price increases across the businesses contributed 1% to the procter & gamble company  33
net sales growth. disproportionate growth in developing regions drove unfavorable geographic mix reducing net sales by 1%. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 1%. global market share of the health care segment increased 0.2 points. volume increased low single digits in both developed and developing regions. oral care volume increased low single digits due to a mid-single digit increase in developing regions behind geographic market expansion and market growth and a low single-digit increase in developed regions from innovation. global market share of the oral care category increased less than half a point. volume in personal health care decreased low single digits due to a weak cough and cold season which was only partially offset by innovation and market expansion.
net earnings decreased 1% to $1.1 billion as increased net sales was more than offset by a 30-basis point decrease in net earnings margin. net earnings margin decreased due to gross margin contraction partially offset by lower overheads. gross margin decreased due to the impact of foreign exchange and negative geographic and product mix, partially offset by manufacturing cost savings and pricing.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
health care net sales increased 6% to $7.7 billion in 2013 on a 5% increase in unit volume. organic sales were up 7%. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 3%. price increases across all regions contributed 1% to net sales growth. favorable geographic and product mix increased net sales by 2%. the mix impact from acquisitions and divestitures increased net sales by 1%. global market share of the health care segment decreased 0.2 points. volume increased high single digits in developing regions and increased low single digits in developed regions. oral care volume increased mid-single digits due to geographic expansion, innovation and market growth. global market share of the oral care category was down slightly. volume in personal health care increased mid-single digits partially due to a net increase from prior year acquisition and divestiture activity (the addition of the pgt healthcare partnership and new chapter vms, partially offset by the divestiture of the pur business). organic volume increased low single digits primarily due to the launch of zzzquil and geographic expansion for vicks.
net earnings increased 7% to $1.1 billion due to higher net sales and a 10-basis point increase in net earnings margin. net earnings margin increased due to a reduction in overhead spending partially offset by gross margin contraction. gross margin decreased due to increased commodity costs and supply chain investments, partially offset by higher pricing and manufacturing cost savings.
($ millions)        2014   change vs 2013   2013                change vs 2012
% of net sales     11.7%   (20) bps                     11.9%           90 bps fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
fabric care and home care net sales increased 1% to $26.1 billion in 2014 on a 5% increase in unit volume. organic sales were up 4%. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 3%. unfavorable geographic and product mix decreased net sales by 1%. global market share of the fabric care and home care segment increased 0.2 points. volume increased high single digits in developing regions and low single digits in developed regions. fabric care volume increased mid-single digits driven by a high single digit volume increase in developing regions behind market growth and innovation, and a low single digit increase in developed regions due to product innovation. global market share of the fabric care category was flat. home care volume increased mid-single digits driven by a high single digit increase in developing markets from distribution expansion and market growth, and from a low single digit increase in developed regions due to product innovation. global market share of the home care category was up less than half a point. batteries volume increased mid-single digits due to new customer distribution in developed regions and market growth in developing regions. global market share of the batteries category was up more than a point.
net earnings decreased 2% to $3.0 billion as net sales growth was more than offset by a 20-basis point decrease in net earnings margin. net earnings margin decreased due to gross margin contraction partially offset by a decrease in sg&a as a percentage of sales. gross margin decreased due to unfavorable geographic and product mix and the impact of foreign exchange, which was partially offset by manufacturing cost savings. sg&a as a percentage of net sales decreased due to marketing and overhead efficiencies.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
fabric care and home care net sales increased 1% in 2013 to $25.9 billion on a 3% increase in unit volume. organic sales were up 4%. price increases contributed 1% to net sales growth. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 3%. global market share of the fabric care and home care segment decreased 0.3 points. volume increased mid-single digits in developing regions and low single digits in developed regions. fabric care volume increased low single digits behind low single-digit growth in developed regions and mid-single-digit growth in developing regions, driven primarily by asia. overall growth due to innovation and market growth was partially offset by the impacts of competitive activity. global market share of the fabric care category decreased more than half a point. home care volume increased mid-single digits driven by a high single-
34  the procter & gamble company digit increase in developing markets, behind innovation and distribution expansion, and a low single-digit increase in developed markets primarily due to the impact of reduced pricing in north america. global market share of the home care category was unchanged. batteries volume increased low single digits due to a mid-single-digit increase in developing regions from market growth and geographic expansion, partially offset by a low single-digit decrease in developed markets due to market contraction and share losses, primarily behind higher pricing in western europe to improve the margin structure. global market share of the batteries category was unchanged.
net earnings increased 10% to $3.1 billion due to a 90-basis point increase in net earnings margin and the increase in net sales. net earnings margin increased due to gross margin expansion. gross margin increased due to higher pricing and manufacturing cost savings, partially offset by higher commodity costs. sg&a as a percentage of net sales was unchanged as higher marketing spending was offset by reduced overhead costs.
($ millions)        2014   change vs 2013   2013                change vs 2012
% of net sales     14.0%   (90) bps                     14.9%         (10) bps fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
baby, feminine and family care net sales increased 2% to $21.0 billion in 2014 on 4% volume growth. organic sales were up 4% on 3% organic volume growth. price increases primarily in baby care increased net sales by 1%. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 3%. global market share of the baby, feminine and family care segment decreased 0.3 points. volume increased low single digits in developed regions and mid-single digits in developing regions. volume in baby care increased mid-single digits due to a mid-single digit increase in developing regions, from market growth and product innovation, and a mid-single digit increase in developed regions due to the buyout of our joint venture partner in iberia and product innovation in north america, partially offset by competitive activity. global market share of the baby care category decreased slightly. volume in feminine care increased mid-single digits due to a mid-single digit increase in developed regions, from the buyout of our joint venture partner in iberia and innovation, and a low single digit increase in developing regions, from market growth and innovation. organic volume was up low single digits. global market share of the feminine care category decreased less than half a point. volume in family care increased low single digits due to product innovation on charmin and bounty and lower pricing, partially offset by competitive activity. in the u.s., all-outlet share of the family care category decreased less than half point.
net earnings decreased 4% to $2.9 billion as the increase in net sales was more than offset by a 90-basis point decrease in net earnings margin. net earnings margin decreased primarily due to gross margin contraction. gross margin decreased due to the impact of foreign exchange, higher commodity costs, and unfavorable product and geographic mix from disproportionate growth in developing regions and mid-tier products, both of which have lower gross margins than the segment average, partially offset by manufacturing cost savings and pricing.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
baby, feminine and family care net sales increased 4% to $20.5 billion in 2013 on 5% volume growth. organic sales were up 6% on 3% organic volume growth. pricing added 2% to net sales growth. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 2%. global market share of the baby, feminine and family care segment decreased 0.2 points. volume increased mid-single digits in both developing and developed regions. volume in baby care increased mid-single digits. excluding the buyout of our joint venture partner in iberia, organic volume increased low-single digits as a mid-single digit increase in developing regions from market growth, distribution expansion and innovation, was partially offset by a low single-digit decrease in developed regions due to market contraction and competitive promotional activity, primarily in western europe. global market share of the baby care category decreased nearly half a point. volume in feminine care increased mid-single digits from mid-single-digit growth in developing markets behind market growth and innovation and high single-digit increase in developed regions due to the buyout of our joint venture partner in iberia. global market share of the feminine care category was down half a point. volume in family care increased mid-single digits primarily due to market growth and innovation on charmin and bounty. in the u.s., all-outlet share of the family care category was flat.
net earnings increased 4% to $3.0 billion due to the increase in net sales. net earnings margin was down slightly due to gross margin expansion offset by a higher effective tax rate. the increase in gross margin was driven by the impact of higher pricing and manufacturing and commodity cost savings, partially offset by unfavorable product and geographic mix. the effective tax rate increased due to the geographic mix of earnings.
($ millions)    2014   change vs 2013   2013          change vs 2012
net earnings   $(48)   n/a                   $(239)   n/a corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities not allocated to specific business units. these include: the incidental businesses managed at the corporate level; financing and investing activities; other general corporate items; the historical results of certain divested brands and categories; certain asset impairment charges;
certain balance sheet impacts from significant foreign exchange devaluations; and certain restructuring-type activities to maintain a competitive cost structure, including manufacturing and workforce optimization. corporate also includes reconciling items to adjust the accounting policies used in the segments to u.s. gaap. the most significant reconciling item includes income taxes to adjust from blended statutory tax rates that are reflected in the segments to the overall company effective tax rate.
net sales in corporate increased by $176 million in 2014. corporate net earnings improved by $191 million in 2014 primarily due to reduced net after-tax goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges (which totaled $290 million in the prior year but were zero in the current period), lower current year restructuring and overhead spending and lower overall company effective tax rate, partially offset by the holding gain in the prior year from the buyout of our iberian joint venture partner. additional discussion of the items impacting net earnings in corporate are included in the results of operations section.
in 2013, net sales in corporate decreased by $258 million due to a reduction in sales from p&g chemicals as a result of lower commodity prices. corporate net earnings improved $1.6 billion primarily due to reduced net after-tax goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges (which totaled $1.5 billion in the prior year as compared to $290 million in the current period), along with the 2013 net after-tax holding gain related to the purchase of the balance of our iberian joint venture, partially offset by the 2013 charge for the impact of the venezuela devaluation. additional discussion of the items impacting net earnings in corporate are included in the results of operations section above.
productivity and cost savings plan in 2012, the company initiated a productivity and cost savings plan to reduce costs and better leverage scale in the areas of supply chain, research and development, marketing and overheads.   the plan was designed to accelerate cost reductions by streamlining management decision making, manufacturing and other work processes to fund the company's growth strategy.
as part of this plan, the company expects to incur in excess of $4.5 billion in before-tax restructuring costs over a five-year period (from fiscal 2012 through fiscal 2016). approximately 62% of the costs have been incurred through the end of fiscal 2014. savings generated from the restructuring costs are difficult to estimate, given the nature of the activities, the corollary benefits achieved (e.g., enrollment reduction achieved via normal attrition), the timing of the execution and the degree of reinvestment.  overall, the costs and other non-manufacturing enrollment reductions are expected to deliver in excess of $2.8 billion in annual gross savings (before-tax).  the cumulative before-tax savings realized through 2014 were approximately $1.4 billion.
restructuring accruals of $381 million as of june 30, 2014, are classified as current liabilities.  approximately 75% of the restructuring charges incurred during fiscal 2014 either have been or will be settled with cash.  consistent with our historical policies for ongoing restructuring-type activities, the resulting charges are funded by and included within corporate for segment reporting.
refer to note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for more details on the restructuring program.
cash flow, financial condition and liquidity we believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and ready access to capital markets at competitive rates.
operating cash flow provides the primary source of cash to fund operating needs and capital expenditures. excess operating cash is used first to fund shareholder dividends. other discretionary uses include share repurchases and acquisitions to complement our portfolio of businesses, brands and geographies. as necessary, we may supplement operating cash flow with debt to fund these activities. the overall cash position of the company reflects our strong business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors and tax considerations.
operating cash flow fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
operating cash flow was $14.0 billion in 2014, a 6% decrease from the prior year, which was primarily driven by a $1 billion discretionary contribution into a foreign pension plan. operating cash flows resulted primarily from net earnings, adjusted for non-cash items (depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred income taxes and gains on sale and purchase of businesses) partially offset by the impact of other operating assets and liabilities. working capital changes did not have a significant impact on operating cash flow in 2014. reduced accounts receivable generated $87 million of cash primarily due to improved collection results, which, along with the timing and mix of sales late in the period, drove a 1 day decrease in accounts receivable days sales outstanding. inventory changes did not significantly impact operating cash flow as inventory management improvement efforts offset inventory needed to support product initiatives and build stock to support capacity expansions and manufacturing sourcing changes. inventory days on hand decreased by 3 days primarily due to inventory management improvement efforts. accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities also did not significantly impact operating cash flow. other operating assets and liabilities utilized $1.6 billion of cash, primarily driven by $1 billion of cash used for a discretionary contribution into a foreign pension plan.
36  the procter & gamble company fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
operating cash flow was $14.9 billion in 2013, a 12% increase from the prior year. operating cash flows resulted primarily from net earnings, adjusted for non-cash items (depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, asset impairments, deferred income taxes and gains on sale and purchase of businesses) and a decrease in working capital. increased accounts receivable used $415 million of cash primarily to fund growth. in addition, accounts receivable days sales outstanding increased two days due to the timing and mix of sales late in the period and foreign exchange impacts. increased inventory used $225 million of cash to support product initiatives and to build stock to support capacity expansions and manufacturing sourcing changes, partially offset by inventory management improvement efforts. inventory days on hand increased by one day primarily due to foreign exchange impacts. increased accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities generated $1.3 billion of cash primarily due to an increase in marketing accruals from increased advertising and other marketing costs.
free cash flow. we view free cash flow as an important measure because it is a factor impacting the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investment. it is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and is one of the measures used to evaluate senior management and determine their at-risk compensation.
fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
free cash flow was $10.1 billion in 2014, a decrease of 7% versus the prior year. the decrease was driven by the decrease in operating cash flows, which was primarily due to a $1 billion discretionary contribution into a foreign pension plan. free cash flow productivity, defined as the ratio of free cash flow to net earnings, was 86% in 2014.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
free cash flow was $10.9 billion in 2013, an increase of 17% versus the prior year. the increase was driven by the increase in operating cash flows. free cash flow productivity, defined as the ratio of free cash flow to net earnings, was 95% in 2013.
investing cash flows fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
net investing activities consumed $4.1 billion in cash in 2014 mainly due to capital spending and cash paid for investments in available-for-sale securities, partially offset by asset sales.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
net investing activities consumed $6.3 billion in cash in 2013 mainly due to capital spending, cash paid for acquisitions and investments in available-for-sale securities, partially offset by asset sales.
capital spending. we manage capital spending to support our business growth plans and have cost controls to deliver our cash generation targets. capital expenditures, primarily to support capacity expansion, innovation and cost savings, were $3.8 billion in 2014 and $4.0 billion in 2013. capital spending as a percentage of net sales decreased 30 basis points to 4.6% in 2014. capital spending as a percentage of net sales in 2013 increased 10 basis points to 4.9%.
acquisitions.  acquisition activity was not material in 2014. acquisitions used $1.1 billion of cash in 2013 primarily for the acquisition of our partner's interest in a joint venture in iberia.
proceeds from divestitures and other asset sales. proceeds from asset sales contributed $570 million in cash in 2014 mainly due to minor brand divestiture activities, including mdvip, the pert business in latin america, and the bleach business in ceemea and latin america. proceeds from asset sales contributed $584 million in cash in 2013 mainly due to the divestitures of the bleach business in italy and the braun household appliances business.
long-term and short-term debt. we maintain debt levels we consider appropriate after evaluating a number of factors, including cash flow expectations, cash requirements for ongoing operations, investment and financing plans (including acquisitions and share repurchase activities) and the overall cost of capital. total debt was $35.4 billion as of june 30, 2014 and $31.5 billion as of june 30, 2013. our total debt increased in 2014 mainly due to debt issuances and an increase in commercial paper outstanding, partially offset by bond maturities.
liquidity at june 30, 2014, our current liabilities exceeded current assets by $2.1 billion ($4.3 billion, excluding current assets and current liabilities of the pet care business held for sale), largely due to short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program. we anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs largely through cash generated from operations. the company regularly assesses the procter & gamble company  37
its cash needs and the available sources to fund these needs. the majority of our cash is held off-shore by foreign subsidiaries, but we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the united states to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or the results of operations for the foreseeable future. we utilize short- and long-term debt to fund discretionary items, such as acquisitions and share repurchases. we have strong short- and long-term debt ratings, which have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in commercial paper and bond markets. in addition, we have agreements with a diverse group of financial institutions that, if needed, should provide sufficient credit funding to meet short-term financing requirements.
on june 30, 2014, our short-term credit ratings were p-1 (moody's) and a-1+ (standard & poor's), while our long-term credit ratings are aa3 (moody's) and aa- (standard & poor's), all with a stable outlook.
we maintain bank credit facilities to support our ongoing commercial paper program. the current facility is an $11.0 billion facility split between a $7.0 billion 5-year facility and a $4.0 billion 364-day facility, which expire in august 2018 and july 2015, respectively. the 364-day facility can be extended for certain periods of time as specified in, and in accordance with, the terms of the credit agreement. these facilities are currently undrawn and we anticipate that they will remain largely undrawn for the foreseeable future. these credit facilities do not have cross-default or ratings triggers, nor do they have material adverse events clauses, except at the time of signing. in addition to these credit facilities, we have an automatically effective registration statement on form s-3 filed with the sec that is available for registered offerings of short- or long-term debt securities.
guarantees and other off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on financial condition or liquidity.
38  the procter & gamble company contractual commitments the following table provides information on the amount and payable date of our contractual commitments as of june 30, 2014.
($ millions)                                           total             less than1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years             after5 years recorded liabilities total debt                                       $35,229                 $15,576                  $4,391                $3,939                 $11,323
capital leases                                        83                      19                      34                    23                       7
uncertain tax positions(1)                            37                      37                       -                     -                       -
total contractual commitments                     48,024                  18,083                   7,304                 5,725                  16,912
(1)   as of june 30, 2014, the company's consolidated balance sheet reflects a liability for uncertain tax positions of $1.9 billion, including $443 million of interest and penalties. due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows of liabilities for uncertain tax positions beyond one year, a reasonable estimate of the period of cash settlement beyond twelve months from the balance sheet date of june 30, 2014, cannot be made.
(3)   represents future pension payments to comply with local funding requirements. these future pension payments assume the company continues to meet its future statutory funding requirements. considering the current economic environment in which the company operates, the company believes its cash flows are adequate to meet the future statutory funding requirements. the projected payments beyond fiscal year 2017 are not currently determinable.
(4)   primarily reflects future contractual payments under various take-or-pay arrangements entered into as part of the normal course of business. commitments made under take-or-pay obligations represent future purchases in line with expected usage to obtain favorable pricing. approximately 19% relates to service contracts for information technology, human resources management and facilities management activities that have been outsourced. while the amounts listed represent contractual obligations, we do not believe it is likely that the full contractual amount would be paid if the underlying contracts were canceled prior to maturity. in such cases, we generally are able to negotiate new contracts or cancellation penalties, resulting in a reduced payment. the amounts do not include other contractual purchase obligations that are not take-or-pay arrangements. such contractual purchase obligations are primarily purchase orders at fair value that are part of normal operations and are reflected in historical operating cash flow trends. we do not believe such purchase obligations will adversely affect our liquidity position.
significant accounting policies and estimates in preparing our financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, there are certain accounting policies that may require a choice between acceptable accounting methods or may require substantial judgment or estimation in their application. these include income taxes, certain employee benefits and goodwill and intangible assets. we believe these accounting policies, and others set forth in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, should be reviewed as they are integral to understanding the results of operations and financial condition of the company.
the company has discussed the selection of significant accounting policies and the effect of estimates with the audit committee of the company's board of directors.
income taxes our annual tax rate is determined based on our income, statutory tax rates and the tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. tax law requires certain items be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return, and some differences are temporary, reversing over time, such as depreciation expense. these temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities.
deferred tax assets generally represent the tax effect of items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in future years for which we have already recorded the tax benefit in our income statement or net operating loss carryforwards that can be utilized to reduce future taxes. deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in our financial statements for which payment has been deferred, the tax effect of expenditures for which a deduction has already been taken in our tax return but has not yet been recognized in our financial statements or assets recorded at fair value in business combinations for which there was no corresponding tax basis adjustment.
inherent in determining our annual tax rate are judgments regarding business plans, planning opportunities and expectations about future outcomes. realization of certain deferred tax assets, primarily net operating loss and other carryforwards, is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, will be realized.
we operate in multiple jurisdictions with complex tax policy and regulatory environments. in certain of these jurisdictions, we may take tax positions that management believes are supportable, but are potentially subject to successful challenge by the applicable taxing authority. these interpretational differences with the respective governmental taxing authorities can be impacted by the local economic and fiscal environment. we evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. we review these tax uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, and adjust them accordingly. we have a number of audits in process in various jurisdictions. although the resolution of these tax positions is uncertain, based on currently available information, we believe that the ultimate outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
because there are a number of estimates and assumptions inherent in calculating the various components of our tax provision, certain changes or future events such as changes in tax legislation, geographic mix of earnings, completion of tax audits or earnings repatriation plans could have an impact on those estimates and our effective tax rate. for additional details on the company's income taxes, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
employee benefits we sponsor various post-employment benefits throughout the world. these include pension plans, both defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans, and other post-employment benefit (opeb) plans, consisting primarily of health care and life insurance for retirees. for accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and opeb plans require assumptions to estimate the projected and accumulated benefit obligations, including the following variables: discount rate; expected salary increases; certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health care cost trend rates. these and other assumptions affect the annual expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans. our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and management's best judgment regarding future expectations. as permitted by u.s. gaap, the net amount by which actual results differ from our assumptions is deferred. if this net deferred amount exceeds 10% of the greater of plan assets or liabilities, a portion of the deferred amount is included in expense for the following year. the cost or benefit of plan changes, such as increasing or decreasing benefits for prior employee service (prior service cost), is deferred and included in expense on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive benefits.
the expected return on plan assets assumption impacts our defined benefit expense, since many of our defined benefit pension plans and our primary opeb plan are partially funded. the process for setting the expected rates of return is described in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. for 2014, the average return on assets assumptions for pension plan assets and opeb assets was 7.2% and 8.3%, respectively. a change in the rate of return of 100 basis points for both pension and opeb assets would impact annual after-tax benefit expense by approximately $111 million.
since pension and opeb liabilities are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate impacts our plan obligations and expenses. discount rates used for our u.s. defined benefit pension and opeb plans are based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high quality bonds for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximate the estimated payouts of the plan. for our international plans, the discount rates are set by benchmarking against investment grade corporate bonds rated aa or better. the average discount rate on the defined benefit pension plans and opeb plans of 3.5% and 4.4%, respectively, represents a weighted average of local rates in countries where such plans exist. a 100-basis point change in the pension discount rate would impact annual after-tax defined benefit pension expense by approximately $197 million. a change in the opeb discount rate of 100 basis points would impact annual after-tax opeb expense by approximately $79 million. for additional details on our defined benefit pension and opeb plans, see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill and intangible assets significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of intangible assets and in assigning their respective useful lives. accordingly, we typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists for significant tangible and intangible assets. the fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on future expectations and assumptions deemed reasonable by management, but are inherently uncertain.
we typically use an income method to estimate the fair value of intangible assets, which is based on forecasts of the expected future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the valuations reflect a consideration of other marketplace participants, and include the amount and timing of future cash flows (including expected growth rates and profitability), the underlying product or technology life cycles, economic barriers to entry, a brand's relative market position and the discount rate applied to the cash flows.
40  the procter & gamble company unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.
determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment. certain brand intangible assets are expected to have indefinite lives based on their history and our plans to continue to support and build the acquired brands. other acquired intangible assets (e.g., certain trademarks or brands, customer relationships, patents and technologies) are expected to have determinable useful lives. our assessment as to brands that have an indefinite life and those that have a determinable life is based on a number of factors including competitive environment, market share, brand history, underlying product life cycles, operating plans and the macroeconomic environment of the countries in which the brands are sold. our estimates of the useful lives of determinable-lived intangible assets are primarily based on these same factors. all of our acquired technology and customer-related intangible assets are expected to have determinable useful lives.
the costs of determinable-lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives. the value of indefinite-lived intangible assets and residual goodwill is not amortized, but is tested at least annually for impairment. our impairment testing for goodwill is performed separately from our impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangible assets. we test goodwill for impairment by reviewing the book value compared to the fair value at the reporting unit level. we test individual indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the book values of each asset to the estimated fair value. we determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets based on the income approach. under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate future cash flows to measure fair value. assumptions used in our impairment evaluations, such as forecasted growth rates and cost of capital, are consistent with internal projections and operating plans. we believe such assumptions and estimates are also comparable to those that would be used by other marketplace participants.
with the exception of our appliances, batteries and salon professional businesses, all of our reporting units have fair values that significantly exceed recorded values. however, future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in our impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including discount and tax rates or future cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values. in addition, any potential change in the strategic plans for these businesses due to the refocusing of our business portfolio could impact these judgments, assumptions, and estimates, in turn, impacting our fair value. a significant reduction in the estimated fair values could result in impairment charges that could materially affect the financial statements in any given year. the recorded value of goodwill and intangible assets from recently impaired businesses and recently acquired businesses are derived from more recent business operating plans and macroeconomic environmental conditions and therefore are more susceptible to an adverse change that could require an impairment charge.
the results of our impairment testing during fiscal 2012 indicated that the estimated fair values of our appliances and salon professional reporting units were less than their respective carrying amounts. therefore, we recorded a non-cash before- and after-tax impairment charge of $1.3 billion in fiscal 2012. additionally, our impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets during fiscal 2012 indicated a decline in the fair value of our koleston perfect and wella trade name intangible assets below their respective carrying values. this resulted in a non-cash, before-tax impairment charge of $246 million ($173 million after-tax) to reduce the carrying amounts of these assets to their estimated fair values.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, the estimated fair value of our appliances reporting units declined further, below the carrying amount resulting from the fiscal 2012 impairment. therefore, we recorded an additional non-cash before and after-tax impairment charge of $259 million in fiscal 2013. additionally, our fourth quarter 2013 impairment testing for appliances indicated a decline in the fair value of our braun trade name intangible asset below its carrying value. this resulted in a non-cash, before-tax impairment charge of $49 million ($31 million after-tax) to reduce the carrying amount of this asset to its estimated fair value.
the appliances business was acquired as part of the gillette acquisition in 2005 and the salon professional business consists primarily of operations acquired in the wella acquisition in 2004. both businesses are stand-alone reporting units. these businesses represent some of our more discretionary consumer spending categories. because of this, their operations and underlying fair values were disproportionately impacted by the economic downturn that began in fiscal 2009, which led to a reduction in home and personal grooming appliance purchases and in visits to hair salons that drove the fiscal 2012 impairment. the additional impairment of the appliances business in fiscal 2013 was due to the devaluation of currency in japan, a key country that generates a significant portion of the earnings of the appliances business, relative to the currencies in which the underlying net assets are recorded. as of june 30, 2014, the appliances business has remaining goodwill of $317 million and remaining intangible assets of $875 million, while the salon professional business has remaining goodwill of $436 million and remaining intangible assets of $726 million. as a result of the impairments, the estimated fair value of our appliances business and the salon professional business slightly exceed their respective carrying values. our fiscal 2014 valuations of the appliances and salon professional businesses has them returning to sales and earnings growth the procter & gamble company  41
rates consistent with our long-term business plans. changes to or a failure to achieve these business plans or a further deterioration of the macroeconomic conditions could result in a valuation that would trigger an additional impairment of the goodwill and intangible assets of these businesses.
the results of our annual goodwill impairment testing during fiscal 2014 indicated a decline in the fair value of the batteries reporting unit due to lower long-term market growth assumptions in certain key geographies. the estimated fair value of batteries continues to exceed its underlying carrying value, but the fair value cushion has been reduced to about 5%. as of june 30, 2014, the batteries business has goodwill of $2.6 billion and intangible assets of $2.4 billion. the actual batteries business results for the year ended june 30, 2014 were in line with the 2014 projections used in our annual goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing.
the business unit valuations used to test goodwill and intangible assets for impairment are dependent on a number of significant estimates and assumptions, including macroeconomic conditions, overall category growth rates, competitive activities, cost containment and margin expansion and company business plans.  we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable.  however, actual events and results of the batteries reporting unit could differ substantially from those used in our valuations.  to the extent such factors result in a further reduction of the level of projected cash flows used to estimate the batteries reporting unit fair value, we may need to record non-cash impairment charges in the future.
in addition, in the fourth quarter of the year ended june 30, 2014, a key competitor announced its intent to split its consolidated business into two separate companies during 2015.  one of those companies would operate primarily in the batteries category.  while this proposed transaction has not been consummated, initial independent third party estimates of the competitor's stand-alone batteries business valuation are well below the earnings multiple implied from the valuation of our batteries business.  we attribute the implied valuation differences to our more favorable business trends, primarily organic net sales and share growth, along with scale dis-synergies, general market uncertainty regarding the capabilities and competitiveness of a stand-alone company and lack of a control premium.  in addition, the company conducts a regular portfolio review of its businesses to assess long-term strategic fit.   if our portfolio review process were to result in a decision to divest the batteries business, a divestiture could result in a loss that could be material if potential acquirers utilize valuations consistent with those indicated above for the key competitor.
see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion on goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing results.
new accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)."  this guidance outlines a single, comprehensive model for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers.  we will adopt the standard on july 1, 2017.  we are evaluating the impact, if any, that the standard will have on our financial statements.
no other new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during the fiscal year had or is expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
other information hedging and derivative financial instruments as a multinational company with diverse product offerings, we are exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. we evaluate exposures on a centralized basis to take advantage of natural exposure correlation and netting. except within financing operations, we leverage the company's broadly diversified portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge and prioritize operational hedging activities over financial market instruments. to the extent we choose to further manage volatility associated with the net exposures, we enter into various financial transactions which we account for using the applicable accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities. these financial transactions are governed by our policies covering acceptable counterparty exposure, instrument types and other hedging practices. note 5 to the consolidated financial statements includes a detailed discussion of our accounting policies for financial instruments.
derivative positions can be monitored using techniques including market valuation, sensitivity analysis and value-at-risk modeling. the tests for interest rate, currency rate and commodity derivative positions discussed below are based on the corporatemanagertm value-at-risk model using a one-year horizon and a 95% confidence level. the model incorporates the impact of correlation (the degree to which exposures move together over time) and diversification (from holding multiple currency, commodity and interest rate instruments) and assumes that financial returns are normally distributed. estimates of volatility and correlations of market factors are drawn from the riskmetricstm dataset as of june 30, 2014. in cases where data is unavailable in riskmetricstm, a reasonable proxy is included.
our market risk exposures relative to interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices, as discussed below, have not changed materially versus the previous reporting period. in addition, we are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would significantly impact such exposures in the near term.
interest rate exposure on financial instruments. interest rate swaps are used to hedge exposures to interest rate movement on underlying debt obligations. certain interest rate swaps denominated in foreign currencies are designated to hedge exposures to currency exchange rate movements on
42  the procter & gamble company our investments in foreign operations. these currency interest rate swaps are designated as hedges of the company's foreign net investments.
based on our interest rate exposure as of and during the year ended june 30, 2014, including derivative and other instruments sensitive to interest rates, we believe a near-term change in interest rates, at a 95% confidence level based on historical interest rate movements, would not materially affect our financial statements.
currency rate exposure on financial instruments. because we manufacture and sell products and finance operations in a number of countries throughout the world, we are exposed to the impact on revenue and expenses of movements in currency exchange rates. corporate policy prescribes the range of allowable hedging activity. to manage the exchange rate risk associated with our financing operations, we primarily use forward contracts with maturities of less than 18 months. in addition, we enter into certain currency swaps with maturities of up to five years to hedge our exposure to exchange rate movements on intercompany financing transactions.
based on our currency rate exposure on derivative and other instruments as of and during the year ended june 30, 2014, we believe, at a 95% confidence level based on historical currency rate movements, the impact of a near-term change in currency rates would not materially affect our financial statements.
commodity price exposure on financial instruments. we use raw materials that are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. we may use futures, options and swap contracts to manage the volatility related to the above exposures.
as of and during the years ended june 30, 2014 and june 30, 2013, we did not have any commodity hedging activity.
measures not defined by u.s. gaap our discussion of financial results includes several "non-gaap" financial measures. we believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight to some of the metrics used to evaluate management. when used in md&a, we have provided the comparable gaap measure in the discussion. these measures include:
organic sales growth. organic sales growth is a non-gaap measure of sales growth excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. we believe this provides investors with a more complete understanding of underlying sales trends by providing sales growth on a consistent basis. organic sales is also one of the measures used to evaluate senior management and is a factor in determining their at-risk compensation.
year ended june 30, 2014           net salesgrowth        foreignexchangeimpact         acquisition/divestitureimpact*         organicsalesgrowth beauty                                -2   %                     2            %                    0                 %              0           %
year ended june 30, 2013           net salesgrowth        foreignexchangeimpact         acquisition/divestitureimpact*         organicsalesgrowth beauty                                -2   %                     2            %                    1                 %              1           %
* acquisition/divestiture impact includes rounding impacts necessary to reconcile net sales to organic sales.
core eps. this is a measure of the company's diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations excluding certain items that are not judged to be part of the company's sustainable results or trends. this includes charges in 2014, 2013 and 2012 for incremental restructuring due to increased focus on productivity and cost savings, charges in 2014 and 2013 for the balance sheet impacts from foreign exchange policy changes and the devaluations of the official foreign currency exchange rate in venezuela, charges in 2014, 2013 and 2012 related to pending european legal matters, a holding gain in 2013 on the purchase of the balance of our iberian joint venture (jv), and impairment charges in 2013 and 2012 for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. we do not view these items to be part of our sustainable results. we believe the core eps measure provides an important perspective of underlying business trends and results and provides a more comparable measure of year-on-year earnings per share growth. core eps is also one of the measures used to evaluate senior management and is a factor in determining their at-risk compensation.
incremental restructuring charges                           0.12              0.18              0.20
venezuela balance sheet devaluation impacts                 0.09              0.08                 -
charges for pending european legal matters                  0.02              0.05              0.03
note - all reconciling items are presented net of tax. tax effects are calculated consistent with the nature of the underlying transaction.
free cash flow. free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital spending. we view free cash flow as an important measure because it is one factor in determining the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments. free cash flow is also one of the measures used to evaluate senior management and is a factor in determining their at-risk compensation.
free cash flow productivity. free cash flow productivity is defined as the ratio of free cash flow to net earnings. free cash flow productivity is also one of the measures used to evaluate senior management and is a factor in determining their at-risk compensation.
the following table provides a numerical reconciliation of free cash flow and free cash flow productivity ($ millions):
operatingcash flow   capitalspending              freecash flow       netearnings     freecash flowproductivity