item 1a. risk factors the risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. the risks described below are only those known risks relating to our operations and financial condition that we consider material. there may be additional risks that we consider not to be material, or which are not known, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth below. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements.
adverse worldwide economic, geopolitical or other conditions could reduce the demand for cruises and adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including potentially impairing the value of our ships, goodwill and other assets.
the demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic and geopolitical conditions. in recent years, we have been faced with very challenging global economic conditions, which have adversely affected vacationers' discretionary income and consumer confidence. this, in turn, resulted in cruise booking slowdowns, decreased cruise prices and lower onboard revenues for us and for others in the cruise industry as compared to more robust economic times. although the cruise industry continued to recover in 2014, ongoing economic challenges continue in certain key markets, including europe. in addition, we cannot predict with any certainty whether demand for cruises will continue to improve in countries that have experienced improved economic conditions or the strength of such improvement. any significant deterioration of global, national or local economic conditions could result in a prolonged period of booking slowdowns, depressed cruise prices and reduced onboard revenues. demand for our cruises is also influenced by geopolitical events. unfavorable conditions, such as cross-border conflicts, civil unrest and governmental changes, especially in regions with popular ports of call, can undermine consumer demand and/or pricing for itineraries featuring these ports.
continued unrest and economic instability could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including potentially impairing the value of our ships, goodwill and other assets. see critical accounting policies for more information.
we may not be able to obtain sufficient financing or capital for our needs or may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or consistent with our expectations.
to fund our capital expenditures and scheduled debt payments, we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and the sale of equity or debt securities in private or public securities markets. we also condition the effectiveness of our ship orders on obtaining committed financing arrangements. any circumstance or event which leads to a decrease in consumer cruise spending, such as worsening global economic conditions or significant incidents impacting the cruise industry, could negatively affect our operating cash flows. see "-adverse worldwide economic, geopolitical or other conditions..." and "-incidents or adverse publicity concerning the cruise vacation industry..." for more information.
although we believe we can access sufficient liquidity to fund our operations and obligations as expected, there can be no assurances to that effect. our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including but not limited to the vibrancy of the financial markets, our financial performance and the performance of our industry in general.
our inability to satisfy the covenants required by our credit facilities could adversely impact our liquidity.
our debt agreements contain covenants, including covenants restricting our ability to take certain actions and financial covenants. in addition, our ability to make borrowings under our available credit facilities is subject to the absence of material adverse changes in our business. our ability to maintain our credit facilities may also be impacted by changes in our ownership base. more specifically, we may be required to prepay a majority of our debt facilities if
(i) any person or entity other than a. wilhelmsen as. and cruise associates and their respective affiliates (the "applicable group") acquires ownership of more than 33% of our common stock and the applicable group owns less of our common stock than such person or (ii) subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of the board is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of the board on the first day of such period. certain of our outstanding debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by the acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock by a person other than a member of the applicable group coupled with a ratings downgrade.
our failure to comply with the terms of our debt facilities could result in an event of default. generally, if an event of default under any debt agreement occurs, then pursuant to cross default acceleration clauses, our outstanding debt and derivative contract payables could become due and/or terminated. in addition, in such events, our credit card processors could hold back payments to create a reserve. we cannot provide assurances that we would have sufficient liquidity to repay or the ability to refinance the borrowings under any of the credit facilities or settle other outstanding contracts if such amounts were accelerated upon an event of default.
incidents or adverse publicity concerning the cruise vacation industry, unusual weather conditions and other natural disasters or disruptions could affect our reputation as well as impact our sales and results of operations.
the ownership and/or operation of cruise ships, airplanes, land tours, port facilities and shore excursions involves the risk of accidents, illnesses, mechanical failures, environmental incidents and other incidents which may bring into question safety, health, security and vacation satisfaction which could negatively impact our reputation. incidents involving cruise ships, and, in particular the safety and security of guests and crew, media coverage thereof, as well as adverse media publicity concerning the cruise vacation industry have impacted and could in the future impact demand for our cruises and pricing in the industry. the considerable expansion in the use of social media and digital marketing over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by those incidents. if any such incident occurs during a time of high seasonal demand, the effect could disproportionately impact our results of operations for the year. in addition, incidents involving cruise ships may result in additional costs to our business, increasing government or other regulatory oversight and, in the case of incidents involving our ships, potential litigation.
our cruise ships and port facilities may also be adversely impacted by unusual weather patterns or natural disasters or disruptions, such as hurricanes and earthquakes. we are often forced to alter itineraries and occasionally to cancel a cruise or a series of cruises due to these or other factors, which could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. in addition, these and any other events which impact the travel industry more generally may negatively impact our ability to deliver guests or crew to our cruises and/or interrupt our ability to obtain services and goods from key vendors in our supply chain. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and on industry performance.
the impact of disruptions in the global financial markets may affect the ability of our counterparties and others to perform their obligations to us.
the financial crisis of 2008, including failures of financial service and insurance companies and the related liquidity crisis, disrupted the capital and credit markets. a recurrence of these or similar disruptions could cause our counterparties and others to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them. this could include failures of banks or other financial service companies to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements or to pay us amounts that may become due under our derivative contracts for hedging of fuel prices, interest rates and foreign currencies or other agreements. if any of the foregoing occurs it may have a negative impact on our cash flows, including our ability to meet our obligations, our results of operations and our financial condition.
an increase in capacity worldwide or excess capacity in a particular market could adversely impact our cruise sales and/or pricing.
although our ships can be redeployed, cruise sales and/or pricing may be impacted both by the introduction of new ships into the marketplace and by deployment decisions of ourselves and our competitors. a total of 33 new ships
with approximately 98,650 berths are on order for delivery through 2019 in the cruise industry. the further growth in capacity from these new ships and future orders, without an increase in the cruise industry's share of the vacation market, could depress cruise prices and impede our ability to achieve yield improvement.
in addition, to the extent that we or our competitors deploy ships to a particular itinerary and the resulting capacity in that region exceeds the demand, we may lower pricing and profitability may be lower than anticipated.
any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition including potentially impairing the value of our ships, goodwill and other assets.
if we are unable to appropriately balance our cost management strategies with our goal of satisfying guest expectations, it may adversely impact our business success.
our goals call for us to provide high quality products and deliver high quality services. there can be no assurances that we can successfully balance these goals with our cost management strategies.
we may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market.
we face significant competition from other cruise lines on the basis of cruise pricing, travel agent preference and also in terms of the nature of ships and services we offer to guests. our principal competitors within the cruise vacation industry include carnival corporation & plc, which owns, among others, aida cruises, carnival cruise line, costa cruises, cunard line, holland america line, p&o cruises and princess cruises; disney cruise line; msc cruises; norwegian cruise line holdings ltd which owns norwegian cruise line, oceania cruises and regent seven seas cruises.
in the event that we do not compete effectively with other vacation alternatives and cruise companies, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
fears of terrorist and pirate attacks, war, and other hostilities and the spread of contagious diseases could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
events such as terrorist and pirate attacks, war, and other hostilities, including the recent escalation of tensions in the middle east and terrorism incidents in europe, and the resulting political instability, travel restrictions, the spread of contagious diseases and concerns over safety, health and security aspects of traveling or the fear of any of the foregoing have had, and could have in the future, a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry. in view of our global operations, we have become susceptible to a wider range of adverse events.
we are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and changes in interest rates. high levels of volatility with respect to any of the foregoing could have a material impact on our financial results, net of the impact of our hedging activities and other natural offsets. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information.
environmental, labor, health and safety, financial responsibility and other maritime regulations could affect operations and increase operating costs.
the united states and various state and foreign government or regulatory agencies have enacted or are considering new environmental regulations or policies, such as requiring the use of low sulfur fuels, increasing fuel efficiency requirements, further restricting emissions, or other initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions that could increase our cost for fuel, limit the supply of compliant fuel, cause us to incur significant expenses to purchase and/or develop
new equipment and adversely impact the cruise vacation industry. while we have taken and expect to continue to take a number of actions to mitigate the potential impact of certain of these regulations, there can be no assurances that these efforts will be successful. some environmental groups have also lobbied for more stringent regulation of cruise ships and have generated negative publicity about the cruise vacation industry and its environmental impact. see item 1. business-regulation-environmental regulations. an increase in fuel prices not only impacts our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight and commodity prices.
in addition, we are subject to various international, national, state and local laws, regulations and treaties that govern, among other things, safety standards applicable to our ships, treatment of disabled persons, health and sanitary standards applicable to our guests, security standards on board our ships and at the ship/port interface areas, and financial responsibilities to our guests. these issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. this could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that could subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future.
we operate our business globally. operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including increased exposure to a wider range of regional and local economic conditions, volatile local political conditions, potential changes in duties and taxes, including changing and/or uncertain interpretations of existing tax laws and regulations, required compliance with additional laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses or governing the operations of foreign-based companies, currency fluctuations, interest rate movements, difficulties in operating under local business environments, port quality and availability in certain regions, u.s. and global anti-bribery laws or regulations, imposition of trade barriers and restrictions on repatriation of earnings. we have recently expanded our presence in china and, accordingly, our exposure to the risks of doing business in the country. china's economy differs from the economies of other developed countries in many respects and, as the legal system in china continues to evolve, there may be greater uncertainty as to the interpretation and enforcement of applicable laws and regulations.
operating globally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal, regulatory and tax requirements. in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. we must adhere to policies designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance as well as applicable laws and regulations. however, we might not be successful in ensuring that our employees, agents, representatives and other third parties with which we associate throughout the world properly adhere to them. failure by us, our employees or any of these third parties to adhere to our policies or applicable laws or regulations could result in penalties, sanctions, damage to our reputation and related costs which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows.
if we are unable to address these risks adequately, our financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected, including potentially impairing the value of our ships, goodwill and other assets.
while our historical focus has been to serve the north american cruise market, we have expanded our focus to increase our international guest sourcing, including sourcing from the asian, latin american, and australian markets. expansion into new markets requires significant levels of investment. there can be no assurance that these markets will develop as anticipated or that we will have success in these markets, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, including potentially impairing the value of our goodwill.
we depend on shipyards to construct, repair and upgrade our cruise ships on a timely basis and in good working order. the sophisticated nature of building a ship involves risks. delays in ship construction or upgrades or mechanical faults have in the past and may in the future result in delays or cancellation of cruises or necessitate unscheduled
drydocks and repairs of ships. these events and any related adverse publicity could result in lost revenue, increased operating expenses, or both, and thus adversely affect our results of operations.
shipyards and their subcontractors may experience financial difficulties or consolidation which could cause or result in delay, ship cancellations, our inability to procure new capacity in a timely fashion or increases in shipbuilding costs that could adversely affect our results of operations.
we rely on shipyards to construct, repair and upgrade our ships. financial difficulties, liquidations or closures suffered by these shipyards and/or their subcontractors may impact the timely delivery or costs of new ships or the ability of shipyards to repair and upgrade our fleet in accordance with our needs or expectations. in addition, there are a limited number of shipyards with the capability and capacity to build our new ships and, accordingly, consolidation in the cruise shipyard industry could impact our ability to construct new ships when and as planned and/or could result in stronger bargaining power on the part of the shipyards and thus higher prices for our future ship orders. delivery delays and canceled deliveries can adversely affect our results of operations, as can any constraints on our ability to build, repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis.
our operating costs could increase due to market forces and economic or geo- political factors beyond our control.
our operating costs, including fuel, food, payroll, airfare, taxes, insurance and security costs are all subject to increases due to market forces and economic or political conditions or other factors beyond our control. increases in these operating costs could adversely affect our profitability.
unavailability of ports of call may adversely affect our results of operations.
we believe that port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. the availability of ports is affected by a number of factors, including existing capacity constraints, constraints related to the size of certain ships, security concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, financial limitations on port development, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental regulations and local community concerns about port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists. in addition, rising fuel costs may adversely impact the destinations on certain of our itineraries. any limitations on the availability or feasibility of our ports of call or on the availability of shore excursion and other service providers at such ports could adversely affect our results of operations.
price increases for commercial airline service for our guests or major changes or reduction in commercial airline service and/or availability could adversely impact the demand for cruises and undermine our ability to provide reasonably priced vacation packages to our guests.
many of our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to or from the ports where our cruises embark or disembark. increases in the price of airfare would increase the overall price of the cruise vacation to our guests which may adversely impact demand for our cruises. in addition, changes in the availability of commercial airline services could adversely affect our guests' ability to obtain airfare as well as our ability to fly our guests to or from our cruise ships which could adversely affect our results of operations.
because we rely on travel agencies to generate the majority of bookings for our ships, we must ensure that our commission rates and incentive structures remain competitive. if we fail to offer competitive compensation packages, these agencies may be incentivized to sell cruises offered by our competitors to our detriment, which could adversely impact our operating results. in addition, the travel agent industry is sensitive to economic conditions that impact discretionary income. significant disruptions, especially disruptions impacting those agencies that sell a high volume of our business, or contractions in the industry could reduce the number of travel agencies available for us to market and sell our cruises, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
our principal executive office and principal shoreside operations are located at the port of miami, florida and we have shoreside offices throughout the world. actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires, floods) or similar events in these locations may have a material impact on our business continuity, reputation and results of operations. in addition, substantial or repeated information systems failures, computer viruses or cyber-attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. we do not generally carry business interruption insurance for our shoreside operations or our information systems. as such, any losses or damages incurred by us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
our success depends on the strength and continued development of our cruise brands and on the effectiveness of our brand strategies. failure to protect and differentiate our brands from competitors throughout the vacation market could adversely affect our results of operations.
the loss of key personnel, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel, or disruptions among our shipboard personnel due to strained employee relations could adversely affect our results of operations.
our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees, and on our ability to recruit and retain high quality personnel in key markets. we must continue to sufficiently recruit, retain, train and motivate our employees to maintain our current business and support our projected global growth. furthermore, as of december 31, 2014, 86% of our shipboard employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. a dispute under our collective bargaining agreements could result in a work stoppage of those employees covered by the agreements. a loss of key employees or disruptions among our personnel could adversely affect our results of operations.
business activities that involve our co-investment with third parties may subject us to additional risks.
partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures involving our co-investment with third parties, such as our joint venture to operate tui cruises, our new partnership to operate skysea cruises, our investment in grand bahama shipyard and our minority ownership investments in various port development and other projects, generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create additional risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures could become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations, or could have or develop business interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. in addition, actions by another investor may present additional risks of operational difficulties or reputational or legal concerns. these or other issues related to our co-investment with third parties could adversely impact our operations.
in order to achieve cost and operational efficiencies, we outsource to third-party vendors certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, such as our onboard concessionaires, certain of our call center operations and operation of a large part of our information technology systems. we are subject to the risk that certain decisions are subject to the control of our third-party service providers and that these decisions may adversely affect our activities. a failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. there is also a risk the confidentiality, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or communicated over third-party networks or platforms could become compromised.
a failure to keep pace with developments in technology or technological obsolescence could impair our operations or competitive position.
our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. these technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. if we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results.
we may be exposed to risks and costs associated with cyber security, including protecting the integrity and security of our guests' and employees' personal information.
we are subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of sensitive information, including risks related to compliance with applicable laws and other contractual obligations, as well as the risk that our systems collecting such information could be compromised. in the course of doing business, we collect large volumes of internal and customer data, including personally identifiable information for various business purposes. if we fail to comply with the various applicable data collection and privacy laws, we could be exposed to fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation or other expenses, and our business could be adversely impacted.
in addition, even if we are fully compliant with legal standards and contractual requirements, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches involving sensitive data. any breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of guest, employee or company data could adversely impact our reputation and brand and our ability to retain or attract new customers, and expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. additionally, the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches of information technology systems, as well as the sources and targets of these attacks, change frequently and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. our security measures cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in preventing such breaches.
a change in our tax status under the united states internal revenue code, or other jurisdictions, may have adverse effects on our income.
we and a number of our subsidiaries are foreign corporations that derive income from a united states trade or business and/or from sources within the united states. drinker biddle & reath llp, our united states tax counsel, has delivered to us an opinion, based on certain representations and assumptions set forth in it, to the effect that this income, to the extent derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships, is exempt from united states federal income tax pursuant to section 883 of the internal revenue code. we believe that most of our income (including that of our subsidiaries) is derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships.
our ability to rely on section 883 could change in the future. provisions of the internal revenue code, including section 883, are subject to legislative change at any time. moreover, changes could occur in the future with respect to the identity, residence or holdings of our direct or indirect shareholders, trading volume or trading frequency of our shares, or relevant foreign tax laws of liberia or malta such that they no longer qualify as equivalent exemption jurisdictions, that could affect our eligibility for the section 883 exemption. accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be exempt from united states income tax on united states source shipping income in the future. if we were not entitled to the benefit of section 883, we and our subsidiaries would be subject to united states taxation on a portion of the income derived from or incidental to the international operation of our ships, which would reduce our net income.
additionally, portions of our business are operated by companies that are within tonnage tax regimes of the u.k. and malta. further, some of the operations of these companies are conducted in jurisdictions where we rely on tax
we are not a united states corporation and our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal system in protecting their interests.
our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of incorporation and by-laws and by the business corporation act of liberia. the provisions of the business corporation act of liberia resemble provisions of the corporation laws of a number of states in the united states. however, while most states have a fairly well developed body of case law interpreting their respective corporate statutes, there are very few judicial cases in liberia interpreting the business corporation act of liberia. as such, the rights and fiduciary responsibilities of directors under liberian law are not as clearly established as the rights and fiduciary responsibilities of directors under statutes or judicial precedent in existence in certain united states jurisdictions. for example, the right of shareholders to bring a derivative action in liberian courts may be more limited than in united states jurisdictions. there may also be practical difficulties for shareholders attempting to bring suit in liberia and liberian courts may or may not recognize and enforce foreign judgments. thus, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests with respect to actions by management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a united states jurisdiction.
litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and/or damage our reputation.
our business is subject to various united states and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or joint venture partners could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/or a legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
provisions of our articles of incorporation, by-laws and liberian law could inhibit others from acquiring us, prevent a change of control, and may prevent efforts by our shareholders to change our management.
certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and liberian law may inhibit third parties from effectuating a change of control of the company without board approval which could result in the entrenchment of current management. these include provisions in our articles of incorporation that prevent third parties, other than a. wilhelmsen as. and cruise associates, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of our outstanding shares without the consent of our board of directors.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements the discussion under this caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and elsewhere in this document, including, for example, under the "risk factors" and "business" captions, includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. all statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance (including our expectations for the first quarter and full year of 2015, our earnings and yield estimates for 2015 set forth under the heading "outlook" below and expectations regarding the timing and results of our double-double program), business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking. words such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will," and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this report.
overview the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations have been organized to present the following:
•   a review of our critical accounting policies and of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business;
•   a discussion of our business outlook, including our expectations for selected financial items for the first quarter and full year of 2015; and
•   a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and contractual commitments and potential funding sources.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). (see note 1. general and note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). certain of our accounting policies are deemed "critical," as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. we have discussed these accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our most critical accounting policies are as follows:
of a ship. our useful life and residual value estimates take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. in addition, we take into consideration our estimates of the weighted-average useful lives of the ships' major component systems, such as hull, superstructure, main electric, engines and cabins. given the very large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. we do not have cost segregation studies performed to specifically componentize our ship systems. therefore, we estimate the costs of component systems based principally on general and technical information known about major ship component systems and their lives and our knowledge of the cruise vacation industry. we do not identify and track depreciation by ship component systems, but instead utilize these estimates to determine the net cost basis of assets replaced or refurbished. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as additions to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or that of the associated ship. the estimated cost and accumulated depreciation of replaced or refurbished ship components are written off and any resulting losses are recognized in cruise operating expenses.
we use the deferral method to account for drydocking costs. under the deferral method, drydocking costs incurred are deferred and charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the period to the next scheduled drydock, which we estimate to be a period of thirty to sixty months based on the vessel's age as required by class. deferred drydock costs consist of the costs to drydock the vessel and other costs incurred in connection with the drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification. class certification is necessary in order for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. the activities associated with those drydocking costs cannot be performed while the vessel is in service and, as such, are done during a drydock as a planned major maintenance activity. the significant deferred drydock costs consist of hauling and wharfage services provided by the drydock facility, hull inspection and related activities (e.g., scraping, pressure cleaning, bottom painting), maintenance to steering propulsion, thruster equipment and ballast tanks, port services such as tugs, pilotage and line handling, and freight associated with these items. we perform a detailed analysis of the various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. the costs deferred are related to activities not otherwise routinely periodically performed to maintain a vessel's designed and intended operating capability. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred.
we use judgment when estimating the period between drydocks, which can result in adjustments to the estimated amortization of drydock costs. if the vessel is disposed of before the next drydock, the remaining balance in deferred drydock is written-off to the gain or loss upon disposal of vessel in the period in which the sale takes place. we also use judgment when identifying costs incurred during a drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification as compared to those costs attributable to repairs and maintenance which are expensed as incurred.
we believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. however, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we had reduced our estimated average 30-year ship useful life by one year, depreciation expense for 2014 would have increased by approximately $24.3 million. if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for 2014 would have increased by approximately $159.1 million.
valuation of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets we review goodwill, trademarks and trade names, which are our most significant indefinite-lived intangible assets, for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or, when events or circumstances dictate, more frequently. the impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, and if necessary, a two-step goodwill impairment test. factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, changes in forecasted operating results, changes in fuel prices and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. if the qualitative assessment demonstrates that it is more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, it is not necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. we may elect to
bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to step one, for any reporting unit, in any period. we can resume the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any subsequent period.
when performing the two-step goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the reporting unit is determined and compared to the carrying value of the net assets allocated to the reporting unit. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model. the estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, ship additions and retirements as well as assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions, among other factors. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model are projected operating results, weighted-average cost of capital, and terminal value. the discounted cash flow model uses our 2015 projected operating results as a base. to that base, we add future years' cash flows assuming multiple revenue and expense scenarios that reflect the impact of different global economic environments beyond 2015 on the reporting unit. we discount the projected cash flows using rates specific to the reporting unit based on its weighted-average cost of capital. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no further analysis or write-down of goodwill is required. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, the implied fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all its underlying assets and liabilities, including both recognized and unrecognized tangible and intangible assets, based on their fair value. if necessary, goodwill is then written down to its implied fair value.
the impairment review for indefinite-life intangible assets consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. we estimate the fair value of our indefinite-life intangible assets, which consist of trademarks and trade names related to pullmantur, using a discounted cash flow model and the relief-from-royalty method. the royalty rate used is based on comparable royalty agreements in the tourism and hospitality industry. the discount rate used is comparable to the rate used in valuing the pullmantur reporting unit in our goodwill impairment test. if the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. if the fair value exceeds its carrying amount, the indefinite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. other intangible assets assigned finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
we review our ships, aircraft and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows, that the carrying amount of these assets may not be fully recoverable. we evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. the lowest level for which we maintain identifiable cash flows that are independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities is at the ship level for our ships and at the aggregated asset group level for our aircraft. if estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent its carrying value exceeds fair value.
we estimate fair value based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. if active markets are not available we base fair value on independent appraisals, sales price negotiations and projected future cash flows discounted at a rate estimated by management to be commensurate with the business risk. quoted market prices are often not available for individual reporting units and for indefinite-life intangible assets. accordingly, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and an indefinite-life intangible asset using an expected present value technique.
pullmantur during the fourth quarter of 2014, we performed our annual impairment review of goodwill for pullmantur's reporting unit. we did not perform a qualitative assessment but instead proceeded directly to the two-step goodwill impairment test. as a result of the test, we determined the fair value of the pullmantur reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 52% resulting in no impairment to pullmantur's goodwill. we also performed the annual impairment review of pullmantur's trademarks and trade names using a discounted cash flow model and the relief-from-royalty method to compare the fair value of these indefinite-lived intangible assets to its carrying value. the results of our testing indicated that the fair value of the trademarks and trade names exceeded its carrying value by approximately 4%, resulting in no impairment to pullmantur's trademarks and tradenames for the year ended december 31, 2014.
in connection with the december 2013 agreement to sell a majority stake in pullmantur's non-core businesses, we agreed to retain certain long-lived assets, consisting of the aircraft owned and operated by pullmantur air. due to the anticipated change in the nature of the cash flows to be generated by the pullmantur aircraft, during the fourth quarter of 2013, we reviewed the aircraft for impairment. we identified that the undiscounted future cash flows of the aircraft were less than their carrying value and recorded an impairment charge of $48.9 million during the fourth quarter of 2013, which is reported in restructuring and related impairment charges in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
during the fourth quarter of 2012, we performed the annual impairment evaluation of our goodwill and trademarks and trade names and we recognized total impairment related charges of $413.9 million associated with our pullmantur brand. included in this amount was a 100% valuation allowance of our deferred tax assets which resulted in a deferred income tax expense of $33.7 million recorded during the fourth quarter of 2012. in addition, pullmantur has a deferred tax liability that was recorded at the time of acquisition. this liability represents the tax effect of the basis difference between the tax and book values of the trademarks and trade names that were acquired at the time of the acquisition. due to the 2012 impairment charge related to these intangible assets, we reduced the deferred tax liability and recorded a deferred tax benefit of $5.2 million during the fourth quarter of 2012. the net $28.5 million impact of these adjustments was recognized in earnings during the fourth quarter of 2012 and was reported within other income (expense) in our statements of comprehensive income (loss).
pullmantur is a brand targeted primarily at the spanish, portuguese and latin american markets, with an increasing focus on latin america. the persistent economic instability in these markets has created significant uncertainties in forecasting operating results and future cash flows used in our impairment analyses. we continue to monitor economic events in these markets for their potential impact on pullmantur's business and valuation. further, the estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, ship additions and retirements as well as assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions, among other factors.
if there are changes to the projected future cash flows used in the impairment analyses, especially in net yields, or if anticipated transfers of vessels from our other cruise brands to the pullmantur fleet do not take place, it is possible that an impairment charge of pullmantur's reporting unit's goodwill and trademarks and trade names may be required. of these factors, the planned transfers of vessels to the pullmantur fleet is most significant to the projected future cash flows. if the transfers do not occur, we will likely fail step one of the goodwill impairment test and record an impairment loss related to our trademarks and tradenames. as of december 31, 2014, the carrying amounts of our goodwill and trademarks and trade names attributable to our pullmantur reporting unit was $133.6 million and $188.0 million, respectively.
royal caribbean international during the fourth quarter of 2014, we performed a qualitative assessment of the royal caribbean international reporting unit. based on our qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and thus, we did not proceed to the two-step goodwill impairment test. no indicators of impairment exist primarily because the reporting unit's fair value has consistently exceeded its carrying value by a significant margin, its financial performance has been solid in the face of mixed economic environments and forecasts of operating results generated by the reporting unit appear sufficient to support its carrying value. as of december 31, 2014, the carrying amount of goodwill attributable to our royal caribbean international reporting unit was $287.0 million.
derivative instruments we enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. these instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. we also have non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. the fuel options we entered into represent economic hedges which were not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and thus, changes in their fair value were immediately recognized in earnings. although certain of our derivative
financial instruments do not qualify or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. we account for derivative financial instruments in accordance with authoritative guidance. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies and note 14. fair value measurements and derivative instruments to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on related authoritative guidance, the company's hedging programs and derivative financial instruments.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts and collars, interest rate, cross-currency and fuel swaps and options with third-party institutions in over-the-counter markets. we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate and cross-currency swaps using expected future cash flows based on the instruments' contract terms and published forward prices for foreign currency exchange and interest rates. we apply present value techniques and libor-based discount rates to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments.
we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency collars using standard option pricing models with inputs based on the options' contract terms, such as exercise price and maturity, and readily available public market data, such as foreign exchange prices, foreign exchange volatility levels and discount rates.
we estimate the fair value of our fuel swaps using expected future cash flows based on the swaps' contract terms and forward prices. we derive forward prices from forward fuel curves based on pricing inputs provided by third-party institutions that transact in the fuel indices we hedge. we validate these pricing inputs against actual market transactions and published price quotes for similar assets. we apply present value techniques and libor-based discount rates to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments. we also corroborate our fair value estimates using valuations provided by our counterparties.
we adjust the valuation of our derivative financial instruments to incorporate credit risk.
we believe it is unlikely that materially different estimates for the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate, cross-currency and fuel swaps and options would be derived from other appropriate valuation models using similar assumptions, inputs or conditions suggested by actual historical experience.
contingencies-litigation on an ongoing basis, we assess the potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us. while it is typically very difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any, which are recorded as assets when recoverability is probable. we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any provisions or disclosures that we have previously made.
seasonality our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. demand is strongest for cruises during the northern hemisphere's summer months and holidays. in order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the northern hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the southern hemisphere, our brands have focused on deployment to australia and latin america during that period.
financial presentation description of certain line items revenues our revenues are comprised of the following:
•   onboard and other revenues, which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships not included in passenger ticket prices, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance and pre- and post-cruise tours. additionally, revenue related to pullmantur's travel agency network, land-based tours and air charter business to third parties are included in onboard and other revenues through the date of the sale of pullmantur's non-core businesses further discussed below. onboard and other revenues include revenues we receive from independent third-party concessionaires that pay us a percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships.
•   commissions, transportation and other expenses, which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket revenues, including travel agent commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees;
•   onboard and other expenses, which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires;
•   payroll and related expenses, which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses);
•   other operating expenses, which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance and entertainment. additionally, costs associated with pullmantur's travel agency network, land-based tours and air charter business to third parties are included in other operating expenses through the date of the sale of pullmantur's non-core businesses further discussed below.
selected operational and financial metrics we utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. as discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-gaap financial measures, which we believe provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with gaap. the presentation of non-gaap financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
adjusted net income represents net income excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included restructuring and related impairment charges, other costs related to our profitability initiatives, the estimated impact of the divested pullmantur non-core businesses, impairment of pullmantur related assets, the loss recognized on the sale of celebrity century, the impact of the change in our voyage proration methodology and the reversal of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance due to spanish tax reform. the estimated impact of the divested pullmantur non-core businesses was arrived at by adjusting the net income (loss) of these businesses for the ownership percentage we retained as well as for intercompany transactions that are no longer eliminated in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) subsequent to the sales transaction. for the full year 2014, the impact of the voyage proration change represents net income that would have been recognized in 2013 had we recognized revenues and cruise operating expenses on a pro-rata basis for all voyages.
available passenger cruise days ("apcd") is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period. we use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary.
net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel represent gross cruise costs excluding commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses and, in the case of net cruise costs excluding fuel, fuel expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading). in measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. a reconciliation of historical gross cruise costs to net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel is provided below under results of operations. we have not provided a quantitative reconciliation of projected gross cruise costs to projected net cruise costs and projected net cruise costs excluding fuel due to the significant uncertainty in projecting the costs deducted to arrive at these measures. accordingly, we do not believe that reconciling information for such projected figures would be meaningful. for the periods prior to the sale of the pullmantur non-core businesses, net cruise costs excludes the estimated impact of these divested businesses. net cruise costs also excludes initiative costs reported within marketing, selling and administrative expenses, as well as the loss recognized on the sale of celebrity century included within other operating expenses.
net debt-to-capital is a ratio which represents total long-term debt, including the current portion of long-term debt, less cash and cash equivalents ("net debt") divided by the sum of net debt and total shareholders' equity. we believe net debt and net debt-to-capital, along with total long-term debt and shareholders' equity are useful measures of our capital structure. a reconciliation of historical debt-to-capital to net debt-to-capital is provided below under results of operations.
net revenues represent total revenues less commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading). for the periods prior
net yields represent net revenues per apcd. we utilize net revenues and net yields to manage our business on a day-to-day basis as we believe that it is the most relevant measure of our pricing performance because it reflects the cruise revenues earned by us net of our most significant variable costs, which are commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses. a reconciliation of historical gross yields to net yields is provided below under results of operations. we have not provided a quantitative reconciliation of projected gross yields to projected net yields due to the significant uncertainty in projecting the costs deducted to arrive at this measure. accordingly, we do not believe that reconciling information for such projected figures would be meaningful. for the periods prior to the sale of the pullmantur non-core businesses, net yields excludes the estimated impact of these divested businesses.
occupancy, in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, is calculated by dividing passenger cruise days by apcd. a percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins.
we believe net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel are our most relevant non-gaap financial measures. however, a significant portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar. because our reporting currency is the united states dollar, the value of these revenues and expenses can be affected by changes in currency exchange rates. although such changes in local currency prices is just one of many elements impacting our revenues and expenses, it can be an important element. for this reason, we also monitor net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel as if the current periods' currency exchange rates had remained constant with the comparable prior periods' rates, or on a "constant currency" basis.
it should be emphasized that constant currency is primarily used for comparing short-term changes and/or projections. over the longer term, changes in guest sourcing and shifting the amount of purchases between currencies can significantly change the impact of the purely currency-based fluctuations.
the use of certain significant non-gaap measures, such as net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel, allows us to perform capacity and rate analysis to separate the impact of known capacity changes from other less predictable changes which affect our business. we believe these non-gaap measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance in addition to the standard united states gaap based financial measures. there are no specific rules or regulations for determining non-gaap and constant currency measures, and as such, there exists the possibility that they may not be comparable to other companies within the industry.
executive overview midway through 2014, we announced our double-double program, which called for increasing the company's return on invested capital ("roic") to double digits and doubling our 2014 adjusted earnings per share, both by 2017. our aim, through this program, is to provide shareholders with increased visibility into our long-term financial goals by means of a formalized and measured framework. to achieve these goals, we maintain our focus on three key objectives: growing revenue yields, maintaining cost consciousness and pursuing moderate capacity growth.
our 2014 results were in line with our double-double program. based on our results, we remain confident that we are on the right path for realizing these objectives. we finished 2014 with net income of $764.1 million, or $3.43 per diluted share, compared to $473.7 million, or $2.14 per diluted share, in 2013. adjusted net income was $755.7 million, or $3.39 per share, compared to $539.2 million, or $2.44 per share, in 2013. adjusted earnings per share of $3.39 per share represented approximately a 40% increase in year-over-year eps growth and established a new record for our company.
caribbean capacity for the industry grew by 13% in 2014 and comprised 49% of our total capacity. this considerable growth led to increased levels of promotional activity throughout the industry and depressed our pricing power. helping offset the caribbean was the double-digit yield improvement in europe and china. the european season was the strongest we have seen in several years and china's ability to absorb our capacity growth while driving higher yields continues to impress.
despite the difficulties in the caribbean, the company grew 2014 net yields by 2.4% on a constant currency basis. net ticket revenue yield improved 1.4% while onboard revenue yield increased by 3.8% on a constant currency basis. onboard revenue continues to be a bright spot with beverage packages, specialty restaurants and internet packages driving strong growth in the caribbean and europe, while gaming and retail are fueling our growth in asia. this, coupled with our investments in ship revitalizations and technology, has helped continue onboard's strong growth trajectory.
net cruise costs excluding fuel decreased by 0.6% on a constant currency basis. the continued commitment to our profitability improvement plan allowed us to invest strategically in core markets, our product, marketing and technology, while maintaining a lean cost structure.
we continue to see a nice boost in earnings from our equity investments, most notably tui. as this brand continues to grow through new ship deliveries, we anticipate their contribution to earnings will grow proportionally.
looking ahead at 2015, we see the challenges in the caribbean continuing through the first quarter of 2015 but then improving significantly through the summer and beyond as industry capacity declines. the u.s. consumer, bolstered by the stronger dollar and improving economy, appears to be making a comeback while european consumer spending seems to be more restrained.
quantum of the seas' arrival in china is approaching, and we feel encouraged by the advance demand that the ship has generated in the market. our capacity in asia continues to surge with 53% growth in 2015 on top of 22% growth in 2014. investments in the region will continue to expand in order to ensure we maintain our position in the market.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we saw a rapid decline in fuel prices that was coupled with a strengthening in the u.s. dollar. this produced some volatility in our earnings and this trend is persisting in the first quarter of 2015 as fuel prices continue to fluctuate considerably while the u.s. dollar continues to appreciate. our fuel hedging program and some natural currency offsets within our results of operations will help mitigate the volatility but will not eliminate it completely.
our commitment to moderate capacity growth continues and our anticipated growth through 2017 remains unchanged since the announcement of our double-double program. in 2015, we will take delivery of quantum of the seas' sister ship, anthem of the seas, followed by ovation of the seas and the third oasis-class vessel in 2016. these ships are materially more energy efficient than our fleet average, and we expect them to generate strong consumer
demand and propel our earnings growth. in 2014, we announced an order for a new generation of vessels for the celebrity cruises brand and have ordered two ships with the first one being delivered in 2018. while we continue to grow our fleet through newbuilds, we also consider opportunities to divest of older tonnage as evidenced with our sale of celebrity century to a subsidiary of skysea holding in 2014.
results of operations in addition to the items discussed above under "executive overview," significant items for 2014 include:
•   total revenues increased 1.4% to $8.1 billion from $8.0 billion in 2013 primarily due to an increase in overall capacity and ticket prices.
•   cruise operating expenses of $5.3 billion for 2014 remained consistent with 2013.
•   interest expense, net of interest capitalized of $258.3 million decreased 22.3%, or $74.1 million, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to december 31, 2013. the decrease was primarily due to lower interest rates and, to a lesser extent, a lower average debt level. see note 7. long-term debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
•   during 2014, we took delivery of quantum of the seas. to finance the purchase, we borrowed $791.1 million under a previously committed 12-year unsecured term loan which is 95% guaranteed by hermes. refer to note 7. long-term debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
•   in september 2014, we sold celebrity century to a subsidiary of skysea holding for $220.0 million in cash. the sale resulted in a loss of $17.4 million that was recognized within other operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2014. subsequently, we acquired a 35% equity stake in skysea holding in november 2014 to operate a new cruise brand known as skysea cruises. refer to note 5. property and equipment and note 6. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
•   as of september 30, 2014, we changed our voyage proration methodology and recognized passenger ticket revenues, revenues from onboard and other goods and services and all associated cruise operating costs for all of our uncompleted voyages, including voyages of ten days or less, on a pro-rata basis. the effect of this change was an increase to net income of $53.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
•   during the fourth quarter of 2014, spain adopted tax reform legislation that, among other things, amended the net operating loss carryforward rules. as a result, we reversed a portion of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance recorded in 2012 which resulted in a deferred tax benefit of $33.5 million. refer to note 12. income taxes to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further discussion on the transaction.
other items
•   on march 31, 2014, pullmantur sold the majority of its interest in its non-core businesses. refer to note 16. restructuring and related charges to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further discussion on the sales transaction.
•   in december 2014, we terminated the leasing of brilliance of the seas under the 25-year operating lease originally entered into in july 2002, denominated in british pound sterling. as part of the agreement, we purchased the brilliance of the seas for a net settlement purchase price of approximately £175.4 million or $275.4 million. refer to note 5. property and equipment to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further discussion on the transaction.
•   during 2014, we entered into an agreement with stx france s.a. to build the fourth oasis-class ship for royal caribbean international. refer to note 15. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
•   during the fourth quarter of 2014, we repurchased from a. wilhelmsen as, our largest shareholder, 3.5 million shares of our common stock. refer to note 8. shareholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
other initiative costs                                                                                                  21,211                                                                   -                                                                   -
loss on sale of ship included within other operating expenses                                                           17,401                                                                   -                                                                   -
other initiative costs included within cruise operating expenses and marketing, selling and administrative expenses          18,972                  19,354                         -                       -
loss on sale of ship included within other operating expenses                                                                17,401                  17,401                         -                       -
net debt-to-capital was calculated as follows (in thousands):
total shareholders' equity                  $8,284,359                $8,808,265
total debt and shareholders' equity        $16,728,307               $16,883,069
debt-to-capital                                   50.5    %                 47.8    %
net debt and shareholders' equity          $16,539,066               $16,678,382
net debt-to-capital                               49.9    %                 47.2    %
outlook on january 29, 2015, we announced the following initial first quarter and full year 2015 guidance:
net cruise costs per apcd, excluding fuel       (1.5%) to (0.5%)        1% or better capacity increase                                           5.5%
capacity increase                                           3.8%
since our earnings release on january 29, 2015, bookings have remained encouraging and consistent with our previous expectations. accordingly, our forecast has remained essentially unchanged.
•   a 2.4% increase in capacity, which increased passenger ticket revenues by $134.6 million. the increase in capacity was primarily due to the addition of quantum of the seas which entered service in october 2014 and the transfer of monarch of the seas to pullmantur in april 2013 reducing capacity in 2013 due to the two-month lag further discussed in note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements. passenger ticket revenues also includes the impact of the change in our voyage proration methodology; and
the increase in passenger ticket revenues was partially offset by the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of approximately $62.5 million.
•   a $45.5 million increase in onboard revenue attributable to higher spending on a per passenger basis primarily due to our ship upgrade programs and other revenue enhancing initiatives, including various beverage initiatives, the addition and promotion of specialty restaurants, the increased revenue associated with internet and other telecommunication services and other onboard activities;
•   a $46.0 million increase attributable to the 2.4% increase in capacity noted above, which includes the impact of the change in our voyage proration; and
•   a $28.7 million increase in other revenue of which the largest driver is attributable to an out-of-period adjustment of approximately $13.9 million that was recorded in 2013 to correct the calculation of our liability for our credit card rewards program.
•   a $119.4 million increase attributable to the 2.4% increase in capacity noted above, which includes the impact of the change in our voyage proration methodology;
•   a $37.8 million increase in head taxes mainly attributable to itinerary changes;
•   the loss recognized on the sale of celebrity century of $17.4 million; and
•   a $15.0 million decrease in shore excursion expense attributable to itinerary changes and lower costs incurred.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2014 increased $4.1 million, or 0.4%. the increase was primarily due to an increase in other costs associated with our restructuring activities. refer to note 16. restructuring and related impairment charges to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our restructuring activities.
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses for 2014 increased $17.7 million or 2.3% to $772.4 million from $754.7 million in 2013. the increase was primarily driven by new shipboard additions associated with our ship upgrade programs, the addition of our new reservations pricing engine in december of 2013 and the addition of quantum of the seas which entered service in october 2014.
restructuring and related impairment charges we incurred restructuring and related impairment charges of approximately $4.3 million in 2014 compared to $56.9 million in 2013. in 2013, we recognized an impairment charge of $33.5 million to write down the assets held for sale related to the pullmantur businesses and to write down certain long-lived assets, consisting of three aircraft owned and operated by pullmantur air, to their fair value which did not recur in 2014. refer to note 16. restructuring and related impairment charges to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our restructuring activities.
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, decreased $74.1 million, or 22.3%, to $258.3 million in 2014 from $332.4 million in 2013. the decrease was due to lower interest rates and, to a lesser extent, a lower average debt level.
other income in 2014 was $70.2 million compared to other expense of $1.7 million in 2013. the increase in income of $72.0 million was primarily due to a $33.5 million tax benefit related to the reversal of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance resulting from spanish tax reform, ineffectiveness gains of $11.5 million from our interest rate swap agreements compared to ineffectiveness losses of $7.3 million in 2013 and to income of $51.6 million from our equity method investments in 2014 compared to income of $32.0 million in 2013.
net cruise costs net cruise costs increased 1.7% in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the increase in capacity noted above. net cruise costs per apcd and net cruise costs per apcd on a constant currency basis remained consistent compared to 2013.
•   an increase in ticket prices for european sailings and certain deployment initiatives, including but not limited to increased deployment in australia and asia, all of which contributed to a $117.6 million increase in passenger ticket revenues; and
•   a 0.8% increase in capacity, which increased passenger ticket revenues by $44.6 million. the increase in capacity was primarily due to the addition of celebrity reflection which entered service in october 2012. this increase was partially offset by the transfer of ocean dream to an unrelated third-party in april 2012 as part of a six year bareboat charter agreement and the transfer of monarch of the seas to pullmantur in april 2013 reducing capacity due to the two-month lag further discussed in note 1. general.
the increase in passenger ticket revenues was partially offset by the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of approximately $34.1 million.
•   a $101.7 million increase in onboard revenue primarily due to higher spending on a per passenger basis due to revenue enhancing initiatives as a result of our ship upgrade programs and an increase in shore excursion revenues attributable to certain deployment initiatives particularly in australia. onboard and other revenues included concession revenues of $316.3 million in 2013 and $288.6 million in 2012;
•   a $28.3 million increase in revenues related to pullmantur's travel agency network and air charter business due to the addition of new tour packages; and
•   a $14.8 million increase attributable to the 0.8% increase in capacity noted above.
•   a $39.6 million increase attributable to the 0.8% increase in capacity noted above;
•   a $16.4 million increase in food expenses due to higher costs on a per passenger basis related to our new culinary initiatives and itinerary changes;
•   a $12.1 million increase in expenses attributable to the impact of the unscheduled drydocks for celebrity millennium and grandeur of the seas and the 2012 gain from the sale of oceanic which did not recur in 2013; and
•   an $8.6 million increase in shore excursion expenses attributable to itinerary changes noted above.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses of $1.0 billion for 2013 remained consistent with 2012.
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses for 2013 increased $24.2 million or 3.4% to $754.7 million from $730.5 million in 2012. the increase was primarily due to the addition of celebrity reflection which entered service in october 2012. the increase was partially offset by the favorable effect of changes made in the first quarter of 2013 to the estimated useful lives and associated residual values for five ships of approximately $11.0 million.
restructuring and related impairment charges during 2013, we incurred restructuring charges of approximately $23.4 million as a result of global restructuring actions and the pending sale of pullmantur's non-core businesses. in addition, we recognized an impairment charge of $33.5 million to write down the assets held for sale related to the businesses to be sold and to write down certain long-lived assets, consisting of three aircraft owned and operated by pullmantur air, to their fair value. these impairment charges were due to the pullmantur restructuring initiative. (see valuation of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets above for more information regarding the impairment of these assets).
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, decreased $23.4 million, or 6.6%, to $332.4 million in 2013 from $355.8 million in 2012. the decrease was due to lower interest rates and a lower average debt level.
extinguishment of unsecured senior notes, decreased $3.3 million, or 44.0%, to $4.2 million in 2013 compared to $7.5 million in 2012. the decrease is due to a lower amount of notes repurchased during 2013 partially offset by a higher premium paid in connection with the 2013 repurchases.
•   a $29.8 decrease in deferred income tax expense as a result of a 100% valuation allowance recorded in connection with pullmantur's deferred tax assets in 2012 partially offset by a reduction in pullmantur's deferred tax liability and resulting tax benefit related to a 2013 impairment of pullmantur's long-lived assets and a 2012 impairment charge of pullmantur's trademarks and trade names; and
•   income of $32.0 million from our equity method investments in 2013 as compared to income of $23.8 million in 2012.
future application of accounting standards refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on recent accounting pronouncements.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. net cash provided by operating activities increased $331.7 million to $1.7 billion for 2014 compared to $1.4 billion for 2013. the increase was primarily due to a decrease in interest paid in 2014 compared to 2013 and the timing of proceeds from accounts receivable and payments to vendors in 2014. net cash provided by operating activities in 2013 remained consistent compared to 2012.
net cash used in investing activities was $1.8 billion for 2014 compared to $824.5 million for 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in capital expenditures of $1.0 billion in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the delivery of quantum of the seas and the purchase of brilliance of the seas in 2014. additionally, there was an increase in investments in and loans to unconsolidated affiliates of $118.0 million and an increase in cash paid on the settlement of derivative financial instruments of $50.8 million. these cash outlays were partially offset by cash received of $220.0 million in 2014 for the sale of celebrity century which did not occur in 2013 and a $52.8 million increase in cash received from repayments of a loan to an unconsolidated affiliate in 2014 compared to 2013.
net cash used in investing activities was $824.5 million for 2013 compared to $1.3 billion for 2012. the decrease in 2013 compared to 2012 is primarily due to a decrease in capital expenditures of $527.7 million attributable to the delivery of a ship, celebrity reflection, in 2012 which did not recur in 2013, partially offset by a higher level of ships under construction in 2013 compared to 2012. the decrease in capital expenditures was partially offset by investments of $70.6 million to our unconsolidated affiliates during 2013.
net cash provided by financing activities was $17.5 million for 2014 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $576.6 million for 2013. this change was primarily due to a $1.7 billion increase in debt proceeds and a $40.8 million increase in the proceeds from the exercise of common stock options, partially offset by the repurchase of treasury stock of $236.1 million, an increase of $867.7 million in repayments of debt and an increase of dividends paid of $55.3 million. the increase in repayments of debt and proceeds from issuance of debt was primarily due to proceeds received from an unsecured term loan of $791.1 million due to the delivery of quantum of the seas in 2014, a higher level of bond maturities and higher drawings and repayments on our revolving credit facilities.
net cash used in financing activities was $576.6 million for 2013 compared to $179.6 million for 2012. this change was primarily due to an increase of $295.2 million in repayments of debt and an increase of $25.9 million paid in dividends, partially offset by a decrease of $109.0 million in debt proceeds.
future capital commitments
our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. as of december 31, 2014, we had two quantum-class ships and two oasis-class ships on order for our royal caribbean international brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 19,200 berths. additionally, we have two "project edge" ships on order for our celebrity cruises brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 5,800 berths, which are expected to become effective in the second quarter of 2015.
as of december 31, 2014, the aggregate cost of our ships on order, not including the "project edge" ships, was approximately $5.0 billion, of which we had deposited $394.4 million as of such date. approximately 28.8% of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate at december 31, 2014. (see note 14. fair value measurements and derivative instruments and note 15. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data).
as of december 31, 2014, anticipated overall capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, are approximately $1.6 billion for 2015, $2.3 billion for 2016, $0.4 billion for 2017 and $2.2 billion for 2018.
payments due by period less than                     1-3                     3-5                 more than total                    1 year                   years                   years                   5 years operating activities:
investing activities:                        0
financing activities:                        0
capital lease obligations(7)            52,646                   8,710                    11,525                   6,603                  25,808
(1)     we are obligated under noncancelable operating leases primarily for offices, warehouses and motor vehicles. amounts represent contractual obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(3)      amounts primarily represent future commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year to pay for our usage of certain port facilities, marine consumables, services and maintenance contracts.
(5)     amount represents unused commitment on loan to unconsolidated affiliate.
(6)     amounts represent debt obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(7)     amounts represent capital lease obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(8)     amounts represent fees payable to sovereign guarantors in connection with certain of our export credit debt facilities and facility fees on our revolving credit facilities.
as a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. we continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements in connection with the sale of celebrity mercury in february 2011, we and tui ag each guaranteed repayment of 50% of a €180.0 million amortizing bank loan provided to tui cruises which is due 2016. as of december 31, 2014, €117.0 million, or approximately $141.6 million based on the exchange rate at december 31, 2014, remains outstanding. based on current facts and circumstances, we do not believe potential obligations under this guarantee are probable.
tui cruises has entered into construction agreements with meyer turku shipyard that includes certain restrictions on each of our and tui ag's ability to reduce our current ownership interest in tui cruises below 37.5% through 2019.
some of the contracts that we enter into include indemnification provisions that obligate us to make payments to the counterparty if certain events occur. these contingencies generally relate to changes in taxes, increased lender capital costs and other similar costs. the indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and are entered into in the normal course of business. there are no stated or notional amounts included in the indemnification clauses and we are not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these indemnification clauses. we have not been required to make any payments under such indemnification clauses in the past and, under current circumstances, we do not believe an indemnification obligation is probable.
other than the items described above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position.
funding needs and sources we have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. as of december 31, 2014, we have approximately $2.3 billion in contractual obligations due through december 31, 2015 of which approximately $790.9 million relates to debt maturities, $946.8 million relates to the acquisition of anthem of the seas along with progress payments on our other ship purchases and $245.2 million relates to interest on long-term debt. we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund these obligations.
we had a working capital deficit of $3.0 billion as of december 31, 2014 as compared to a working capital deficit of $3.3 billion as of december 31, 2013. included within our working capital deficit is $799.6 million and $1.6 billion of current portion of long-term debt, including capital leases, as of december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, respectively. the decrease in working capital deficit was primarily due to the decrease in current maturities of long-term debt. similar to others in our industry, we operate with a substantial working capital deficit. this deficit is mainly attributable to the fact that, under our business model, a vast majority of our passenger ticket receipts are collected in advance of the applicable sailing date. these advance passenger receipts remain a current liability until the sailing date. the cash generated from these advance receipts is used interchangeably with cash on hand from other sources, such as our revolving credit facilities and other cash from operations. the cash received as advanced receipts can be used to fund operating expenses for the applicable future sailing or otherwise, pay down our revolving credit facilities, invest in long term investments or any other use of cash. in addition, we have a relatively low-level of accounts receivable and rapid turnover results in a limited investment in inventories. we generate substantial cash flows from operations and our business model, along with our unsecured revolving credit facilities, has historically allowed us to
maintain this working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing and financing needs. we expect that we will continue to have working capital deficits in the future.
as of december 31, 2014, we have on order two quantum-class ships and two oasis-class ships each of which has committed unsecured bank financing arrangements which include sovereign financing guarantees. refer to note 15. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
during 2014, we repaid our €745.0 million 5.625% unsecured senior notes with proceeds from our $380.0 million unsecured term loan facility and our revolving credit facilities and we amended and restated our €365.0 million unsecured term loan due july 2017 primarily to reduce the margin on the facility. additionally, in march 2014, we amended our unsecured term loans for oasis of the seas and allure of the seas primarily to reduce the margins on those facilities and eliminate the lenders' option to exit those facilities in 2015 and 2017, respectively.
during 2014, we increased the capacity of our unsecured revolving credit facility due august 2018 by $300 million by utilizing the accordion feature, bringing our total capacity under this facility to $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2014. we purchased the brilliance of the seas for a net settlement purchase price of approximately £175.4 million or $275.4 million using proceeds from this facility. refer to note 7. long-term debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
as of december 31, 2014, we had liquidity of $1.0 billion, consisting of approximately $189.2 million in cash and cash equivalents and $800.9 million available under our unsecured credit facilities. we anticipate that our cash flows from operations and our current financing arrangements, as described above, will be adequate to meet our capital expenditures and debt repayments over the next twelve-month period.
we implemented a broad profitability improvement program with initiatives aimed at improving our returns on invested capital. one of those initiatives, commenced in the third quarter of 2013, relates to realizing economies of scale and improving service delivery to our travel partners and guests by restructuring and consolidating our global sales, marketing and general and administrative structure. a second initiative, commenced in the fourth quarter of 2013, relates to pullmantur's focus on its cruise business and expansion in latin america. during 2014, we incurred approximately $30 million in cash outlays to implement these initiatives and we do not expect any further cash outlays to be significant.
we also continue to implement a number of initiatives to reduce energy consumption and, by extension, fuel costs. these include the design of more fuel efficient ships and the implementation of other hardware and energy efficiencies.
if (i) any person other than a. wilhelmsen as. and cruise associates and their respective affiliates (the "applicable group") acquires ownership of more than 33% of our common stock and the applicable group owns less of our common stock than such person, or (ii) subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of the board is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of the board on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under the majority of our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. certain of our outstanding debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by the acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock by a person other than a member of the applicable group coupled with a ratings downgrade. if this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations.
debt covenants certain of our financing agreements contain financial covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain minimum net worth of at least $6.2 billion, a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25x and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio to no more than 62.5%. the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated by dividing net cash from operations for the past four quarters by the sum of dividend payments plus scheduled principal debt payments in excess of any new financings for the past four quarters. our minimum net worth and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations
exclude the impact of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income on total shareholders' equity. we are well in excess of all financial covenant requirements as of december 31, 2014. the specific covenants and related definitions can be found in the applicable debt agreements, the majority of which have been previously filed with the securities and exchange commission.