item 1a.   risk factors
risks relating to our business our indebtedness may affect our business and may restrict our operating flexibility.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $2.21 billion in total consolidated indebtedness. in addition, we had $1.5 billion undrawn availability under our senior unsecured credit facility, as well as the ability to request additional term loans or revolving credit commitments under our credit facility not to exceed $350 million in aggregate. our total consolidated debt could increase using this additional borrowing capacity.  subject to restrictions contained in our credit facility, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including indebtedness incurred to finance acquisitions.
our level of indebtedness and the debt servicing costs associated with that indebtedness could have important effects on our operations and business strategy. for example, our indebtedness could:
●   place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors, some of which have lower debt service obligations and greater financial resources;
●   limit our ability to borrow additional funds;
●   limit our ability to complete future acquisitions;
●   limit our ability to pay dividends;
●   limit our ability to make capital expenditures; and
●   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions.
our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. in addition, there can be no assurance that future borrowings or equity financing will be available to us on favorable terms for the payment or refinancing of our indebtedness. if we are unable to service our indebtedness, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.
our credit facility contains covenants requiring us to achieve certain financial and operating results and maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. our ability to meet the financial covenants or requirements in our credit facility may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to satisfy such covenants and requirements. a breach of these covenants or our inability to comply with the financial ratios, tests or other restrictions contained in our facility could result in an event of default under this facility. upon the occurrence of an event of default under our credit facility, and the expiration of any grace periods, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the facility, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. if this were to occur, our assets may not be sufficient to fully repay the amounts due under this facility or our other indebtedness.
several of our operating companies have transactions and balances denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. most of these transactions and balances are denominated in euros, canadian dollars, british pounds or danish kroner. sales by our operating companies whose functional currency is not the u.s. dollar represented 23% of our total net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 24% for the year ended december 31, 2013. unfavorable changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and those currencies could significantly reduce our reported sales and earnings.
we export a significant portion of our products. difficulties associated with the export of our products could harm our business.
sales to customers outside the u.s. by our businesses located in the u.s. account for a significant portion of our net sales. these sales accounted for 13% and 15% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, respectively. we are subject to risks that could limit our ability to export our products or otherwise reduce the demand for these products in our foreign markets. such risks include, without limitation, the following:
●   unfavorable changes in or noncompliance with u.s. and other jurisdictions' export requirements;
●   unfavorable changes in or noncompliance with u.s. and other jurisdictions' export policies to certain countries, including russia;
the occurrence of any of these events could reduce the foreign demand for our products or could limit our ability to export our products and, therefore, could have a material negative effect on our future sales and earnings.
economic, political and other risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our business.
as of and for the year ended december 31, 2014, 25% of our net sales and 19% of our long-lived assets, excluding goodwill and intangibles, were attributable to operations outside the u.s. we expect our international operations to contribute materially to our business for the foreseeable future. our international operations are subject to varying degrees of risk inherent in doing business outside the u.s. including, without limitation, the following:
●   adverse changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, particularly in russia and emerging markets;
●   subsidies or increased access to capital for firms that are currently, or may emerge as, competitors in countries in which we have operations;
our growth strategy includes acquisitions. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions or integrate acquisitions successfully.
our future growth is likely to depend to some degree on our ability to acquire and successfully integrate new businesses. we intend to seek additional acquisition opportunities, both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing markets. there are no assurances, however, that we will be able to successfully identify suitable candidates, negotiate appropriate terms, obtain financing on acceptable terms, complete proposed acquisitions, successfully integrate acquired businesses or expand into new markets. once acquired, operations may not achieve anticipated levels of revenues or profitability.
acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired companies and the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns. although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular transaction, there are no assurances that we will properly ascertain all such risks. in addition, prior acquisitions have resulted, and future acquisitions could result, in the incurrence of substantial additional indebtedness and other expenses. future acquisitions may also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities. difficulties encountered with acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
product liability, insurance risks and increased insurance costs could harm our operating results.
our business exposes us to product liability risks in the design, manufacturing and distribution of our products. in addition, certain of our products are used in hazardous environments. we currently have product liability insurance; however, we may not be able to maintain our insurance at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses. we also maintain other insurance policies, including directors' and officers' liability insurance. we believe we have adequately accrued estimated losses, principally related to deductible amounts under our insurance policies, with respect to all product liability and other claims, based upon our past experience and available facts. however, a successful product liability or other claim or series of claims brought against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, a significant increase in our insurance costs could have an adverse impact on our operating results.
our operating results could be adversely affected by a reduction of business with our large customers.
in some of our businesses, we derive a significant amount of revenue from large customers. the loss or reduction of any significant contracts with any of these customers could materially reduce our revenue and cash flows. additionally, many of our customers are government entities. in many situations, government entities can unilaterally terminate or modify our existing contracts without cause and without penalty to the government agency.  in july 2014, puerto rico passed the public corporation debt enforcement and recovery act which may impact the future prospects of our customer, the puerto rico highways & transportation authority.  at the present time, we believe that existing contracts and payable obligations will be honored.
we face intense competition. if we do not compete effectively, our business may suffer.
we face intense competition from numerous competitors. our products compete primarily on the basis of product quality, performance, innovation, technology, price, applications expertise, system and service flexibility and established customer service capabilities. we may not be able to compete effectively on all of these fronts or with all of our competitors. in addition, new competitors may emerge, and product lines may be threatened by new technologies or market trends that reduce the value of these product lines. to remain competitive, we must develop new products, respond to new technologies and enhance our existing products in a timely manner. we anticipate that we may have to adjust prices to stay competitive.
the availability and prices of raw materials, parts and components are subject to curtailment or change due to, among other things, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, interruptions in production by suppliers, changes in exchange rates and prevailing price levels. some high-performance components for digital imaging products may be in short supply and/or suppliers may have occasional difficulty manufacturing these components to meet our specifications. in addition, some of our products are provided by sole source suppliers. any change in the supply of, or price for, these parts and components, as well as any increases in commodity prices, particularly copper, could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
environmental compliance costs and liabilities could increase our expenses and adversely affect our financial condition.
our operations and properties are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including air emissions, water discharges, waste management and workplace safety. these laws and regulations can result in the imposition of substantial fines and sanctions for violations and could require the installation of pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit pollution emissions and/or decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous substance releases. we must conform our operations and properties to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in the countries in which we operate as these requirements change.
we use and generate hazardous substances and wastes in our operations and, as a result, could be subject to potentially material liabilities relating to the investigation and clean-up of contaminated properties and to claims alleging personal injury. we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, costs relating to compliance with environmental laws and regulations. in connection with our acquisitions, we may assume significant environmental liabilities, some of which we may not be aware of at the time of acquisition. in addition, new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new clean-up requirements could require us to incur costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
some of the business areas in which we operate are subject to specific industry and general economic cycles. certain businesses are subject to industry cycles, including but not limited to, the industrial and energy markets. accordingly, a downturn in these or other markets in which we participate could materially adversely affect us. if demand changes and we fail to respond accordingly, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. the business cycles of our different operations may occur contemporaneously. consequently, the effect of an economic downturn may have a magnified negative effect on our business.
our goodwill and intangible assets are valued at an amount that is high relative to our total assets, and a write-off of our intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations and total capitalization.
our total assets reflect substantial intangible assets, primarily goodwill. at december 31, 2014, goodwill totaled $4.71 billion compared to $4.76 billion of stockholders' equity, and represented 56% of our total assets of $8.41 billion. the goodwill results from our acquisitions, representing the excess of cost over the fair value of the net assets we have acquired. we assess at least annually whether there has been an impairment in the value of our goodwill and indefinite economic life intangible assets. if future operating performance at one or more of our business units were to fall significantly below current levels, if competing or alternative technologies emerge, if interest rates rise or if business valuations decline, we could incur a non-cash charge to operating earnings. any determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of goodwill or unamortized intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations and total capitalization, the effect of which could be material.
we depend on our ability to develop new products, and any failure to develop or market new products could adversely affect our business.
the future success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to design and manufacture new competitive products and to enhance existing products so that our products can be sold with high margins. this product development may require substantial internal investment. there can be no assurance that unforeseen problems will not occur with respect to the development, performance or market acceptance of new technologies or products or that we will otherwise be able to successfully develop and market new products. failure of our products to gain market acceptance or our failure to successfully develop and market new products could reduce our margins, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our technology is important to our success and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage.
many of our products rely on proprietary technology; therefore we believe that the development and protection of intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, confidentiality agreements and other contractual provisions are important to the future success of our business. despite our efforts to protect proprietary rights, unauthorized parties or competitors may copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology.  actions to enforce these rights may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and we make no assurances that any such actions will be successful.
our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with clients and vendors. a shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. computer viruses, cyberattacks, other external hazards and human error could result in the misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruption. if sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure, service denial or data loss and damage could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process business, provide customer service or perform other necessary business functions.
any business disruptions due to political instability, armed hostilities, incidents of terrorism or natural disasters could adversely impact our financial performance.
if terrorist activity, armed conflict, political instability or natural disasters occur in the u.s. or other locations, such events may negatively impact our operations, cause general economic conditions to deteriorate or cause demand for our products to decline. a prolonged economic slowdown or recession could reduce the demand for our products, and therefore, negatively affect our future sales and profits. any of these events could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
you should read the following discussion in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report.
we pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. our acquisitions have represented both additions to existing businesses and new strategic platforms.
application of critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). a discussion of our significant accounting policies can also be found in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report.
the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and other supplemental disclosures.
the development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. the audit committee has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the sec. although we believe the positions we have taken with regard to uncertainties are reasonable, others might reach different conclusions and our positions can change over time as more information becomes available. if an accounting estimate changes, its effects are accounted for prospectively or through a cumulative catch up adjustment.
our most significant accounting uncertainties are encountered in the areas of accounts receivable collectibility, inventory valuation, future warranty obligations, revenue recognition (percentage-of-completion), income taxes and goodwill and indefinite-lived asset analyses. these issues affect each of our business segments and are evaluated using a combination of historical experience, current conditions and relatively short-term forecasting.
accounts receivable collectibility is based on the economic circumstances of customers and credits given to customers after shipment of products, including in certain cases credits for returned products. accounts receivable are regularly reviewed to determine customers who have not paid within agreed upon terms, whether these amounts are consistent with past experiences, what historical experience has been with amounts deemed uncollectible and the impact that economic conditions might have on collection efforts in general and with specific customers. the returns and other sales credit allowance is an estimate of customer returns, exchanges, discounts or other forms of anticipated concessions and is treated as a reduction in revenue. the returns and other sales credits histories are analyzed to determine likely future rates for such credits. at december 31, 2014, our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable was $10.8 million and our allowance for sales returns and sales credits was $2.9 million, for a total of $13.7 million, or 2.6% of total gross accounts receivable.  this percentage is influenced by the risk profile of the underlying receivables, and the timing of write-offs of accounts deemed uncollectible. the total allowance at december 31, 2014 was $1.3 million lower than at december 31, 2013.  the allowance will continue to fluctuate as a percentage of sales based on specific identification of allowances needed due to changes in our business, the write-off of uncollectible receivables, and the addition of reserve balances at acquired businesses.
we regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. when we use historical usage, this information is also qualitatively compared to business trends to evaluate the reasonableness of using historical information as an estimate of future usage. at december 31, 2014, inventory reserves for excess and obsolete inventory were $38.9 million, or 16.7% of gross inventory cost, as compared to $43.5 million, or 17.5% of gross inventory cost, at december 31, 2013. the inventory reserve as a percent of gross inventory cost will continue to fluctuate based upon specific identification of reserves needed based upon changes in our business as well as the physical disposal of obsolete inventory.
most of our sales are covered by warranty provisions that generally provide for the repair or replacement of qualifying defective items for a specified period after the time of sale, typically 12 to 24 months. future warranty obligations are evaluated using, among other factors, historical cost experience, product evolution and customer feedback. our expense for warranty obligations was less than 1% of net sales for each of the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012.
revenues related to the use of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting are dependent on total costs incurred compared with total estimated costs for a project. during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 we recognized revenue of $266 million, $205 million and $146 million, respectively, using this method.  percentage-of-completion is used primarily for major turn-key, longer term toll and traffic and energy projects and installations of large software application projects.  at december 31, 2014, $225 million of revenue related to unfinished percentage-of-completion contracts had yet to be recognized. contracts accounted for under this method are generally not significantly different in profitability from revenues accounted for under other methods.
income taxes can be affected by estimates of whether and within which jurisdictions future earnings will occur and if, how and when cash is repatriated to the u.s., combined with other aspects of an overall income tax strategy. additionally, taxing jurisdictions could retroactively disagree with our tax treatment of certain items, and some historical transactions have income tax effects going forward. accounting rules require these future effects to be evaluated using current laws, rules and regulations, each of which can change at any time and in an unpredictable manner. during 2014, our effective income tax rate was 29.9%, which was higher than the 2013 rate of 28.6% due to an increase in revenues and resulting pretax income in higher tax jurisdictions as well as the non-recurrence of $6 million in tax benefits recognized in 2013 related in part to the enactment of the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 ("atra") on january 2, 2013. we expect the effective tax rate to increase in 2015 due to a continued increase in revenues and resulting pretax income in higher tax jurisdictions, primarily the u.s.
we account for goodwill in a purchase business combination as the excess of the cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired. goodwill, which is not amortized, is tested for impairment on an annual basis in conjunction with our annual forecast process during the fourth quarter, (or an interim basis if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value) using a two-step process. the first step utilizes both an income approach (discounted cash flows) and a market approach consisting of a comparable company earnings multiples methodology to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit.  to determine the reasonableness of the estimated fair values, we review the assumptions to ensure that neither the income approach nor the market approach provides significantly different valuations.   if the estimated fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further work is required and no impairment loss is recognized.  if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, the goodwill of the reporting unit is potentially impaired and then the second step would be completed to measure the impairment loss by calculating the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets (including unrecognized intangible assets) of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit.  if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value of goodwill, an impairment loss would be recognized.
key assumptions used in the income and market approaches are updated when the analysis is performed for each reporting unit.  various assumptions are utilized including forecasted operating results, strategic plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, the weighted-average cost of capital, comparable transactions, market data and earnings multiples.  while we use reasonable and timely information to prepare our cash flow and discount rate assumptions, actual future cash flows or market conditions could differ significantly and could result in future non-cash impairment charges related to recorded goodwill balances.
we have 29 reporting units with individual goodwill amounts ranging from zero to $994 million.  we concluded that the fair value of each of our reporting units was in excess of its carrying value, with no impairment indicated as of december 31, 2014.   negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, actual results significantly below projections, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets, divestitures and market capitalization declines may have a negative effect on the fair value of our reporting units.
in 2013, we reported that the fair value of one of our reporting units in the rf technology segment was less than 5% above its carrying value at december 31, 2013 using the discounted cash flow methodology, but that we believed that the market value of the unit to be significantly in excess of its carrying value based upon observed market data.  the test performed in december, 2014 indicated that the fair value of this unit at december 31, 2014 exceeded the carrying value by more than 20%.
business combinations can also result in other intangible assets being recognized. amortization of intangible assets, if applicable, occurs over their estimated useful lives. trade names that are determined to have an indefinite useful economic life are not amortized, but separately tested for impairment during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year or on an interim basis if an event occurs that indicates the fair value is more likely than not below the carrying value.  we conduct these reviews for all of our reporting units using the relief-from-royalty method, which we believe to be an acceptable methodology due to its common use by valuations specialists in determining the fair value of intangible assets.  this methodology assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to exploit the related benefits of these assets.  the fair value of each trade name is determined by applying a royalty rate to a projection of net sales discounted using a risk adjusted rate of capital.  each royalty rate is determined based on the profitability of the reporting unit to which it relates and observed market royalty rates.  sales growth rates are determined after considering current and future economic conditions, recent sales trends, discussions with customers, planned timing of new product launches or other variables.  reporting units resulting from recent acquisitions generally represent the highest risk of impairment, which typically decreases as the businesses are integrated into our enterprise and positioned for improved future sales growth.
the assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management.  although our forecasts are based on assumptions that are considered reasonable by management and consistent with the plans and estimates management is using to operate the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment in determining the expected results attributable to the reporting units.  changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. no impairment resulted from the annual reviews performed in 2014.
we evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. in the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the cost or remaining period of amortization of any asset may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability would be performed. if an evaluation is required, the estimated future gross, undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset would be compared to the asset's carrying amount to determine if a write-down to fair value or a revision in the remaining amortization period is required.
(1)   includes results from the acquisition of advanced sensors, ltd. from october 4, 2013.
(2)   includes results from the acquisitions of sunquest information systems, inc. from august 22, 2012, managed health care associates, inc. from may 1, 2013, ipa from august 5, 2014 and shp from august 14, 2014.
(3)   includes results from the acquisition of foodlink from july 2, 2014.
net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $3.55 billion as compared to sales of $3.24 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of 10%. the increase was the result of organic sales growth of 7% and contributions from acquisitions of 3%.
our medical and scientific imaging segment reported a $178 million or 20% increase in net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 over the year ended december 31, 2013.  acquisitions added $91 million in sales, and organic sales increased 10% due to  increased sales in our medical businesses.  gross margin increased to 72.1% in the year ended december 31, 2014 from 69.3% in the year ended december 31, 2013, due primarily to additional sales from medical products which have a higher gross margin. selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased to 37.4% in the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to 39.5% in the year ended december 31, 2013 due to leverage on higher sales volume.  operating margin was 34.8% in the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to 29.7% in the year ended december 31, 2013.
in our rf technology segment, net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased by $46 million or 5% over the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was due primarily to growth in our toll and traffic, university card systems and security solutions businesses.  gross margin was 52.8% in 2014 as compared to 53.7% in the prior year due to product mix.  sg&a expenses as a percentage of sales in the year ended december 31, 2014 were 24.3%, a decrease from 25.6% in the prior year due to operating leverage on higher sales volume.  operating margin was 28.5% in 2014 as compared to 28.0% in 2013.
corporate expenses increased by $12.1 million to $98.2 million, or 2.8% of sales, in 2014 as compared to $86.1 million, or 2.7% of sales, in 2013. the increase was due to higher compensation costs, including increased equity compensation (see note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report).
during 2014, our effective income tax rate was 29.9% versus 28.6% in 2013. the increase was due to one-time discrete tax benefits in 2013 that did not recur in 2014  as well as increased revenues and resulting pretax income in higher tax jurisdictions, primarily the u.s.  we expect the effective tax rate to increase in 2015 due to a continued increase in revenues and resulting pretax income in higher tax jurisdictions, primarily the u.s.
at december 31, 2014, the functional currencies of most of our non-u.s. subsidiaries were weaker against the u.s. dollar compared to currency exchange rates at december 31, 2013. the net result of these changes led to a pre-tax decrease in the foreign exchange component of comprehensive earnings of $118.9 million in the year ended december 31, 2014. approximately $50.5 million of this amount related to goodwill and is not expected to directly affect our projected future cash flows. for the entire year of 2014, operating profit decreased by less than 1% due to fluctuations in non-u.s. currencies.
the increase in orders was due to internal growth of 3% and orders from acquisitions which added 3%.
the following table summarizes order backlog information at december 31, 2014 and 2013 (dollar amounts in thousands). we include in backlog only orders that are expected to be recognized as revenue within twelve months.
net sales for the year ended december 31, 2013 were $3.24 billion as compared to sales of $2.99 billion for the year ended december 31, 2012, an increase of 8%. the increase was the result of contributions from acquisitions of 7% and organic sales growth of 1%.
our medical and scientific imaging segment reported a $198 million or 28% increase in net sales for the year ended december 31, 2013 over the year ended december 31, 2012.  acquisitions added $208 million in sales, while organic sales decreased 1% due to a $20 million decrease in camera sales which was offset in part by increased sales in our medical businesses of $15 million.  gross margin increased to 69.3% in the year ended december 31, 2013 from 64.4% in the year ended december 31, 2012, due primarily to additional sales from medical products which have a higher gross margin. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales increased to 39.5% in the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to 37.8% in the year ended december 31, 2012 due to higher sg&a expense structures at our medical businesses as well as sg&a expenses at mha in which the corresponding revenues were not recognizable under gaap (see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report).  operating margin was 29.7% in the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to 26.6% in the year ended december 31, 2012.
in our rf technology segment, net sales for the year ended december 31, 2013 increased by $56 million or 7% over the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was due primarily to growth in our toll and traffic, university card systems and security solutions businesses.  gross margin was 53.7% in 2013 as compared to 52.4% in the prior year due to operating leverage on higher sales volume.  sg&a expenses as a percentage of sales in the year ended december 31, 2013 were 25.6%, a decrease from 26.1% in the prior year due to operating leverage on higher sales volume.  operating margin was 28.0% in 2013 as compared to 26.3% in 2012.
net sales for our industrial technology segment decreased by $16 million or 2% for the year ended december 31, 2013 over the year ended december 31, 2012. the decrease was due primarily to the loss of a customer at our water metering business and lower sales at our materials testing business.  gross margin was 51.1% for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to 51.6% in the year ended december 31, 2012 due to negative operating leverage on lower sales volume as well as the inclusion in 2012 of a one-time $5.5 million reduction to cost of goods sold at one of our businesses.  sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales were 22.5%, as compared to 20.8% in the prior year, due primarily to a $9.1 million pretax charge for warranty expense at one of our subsidiaries, hansen technologies, to provide its customers with replacements for refrigeration valves that included a vendor-supplied component that did not meet roper quality standards.  the resulting operating margin was 28.6% in the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to 30.8% in the year ended december 31, 2012.
in our energy systems and controls segment, net sales for the year ended december 31, 2013 increased by $6 million or 1% over the year ended december 31, 2012, due primarily to acquisitions.  organic sales were impacted by lower sales of non-destructive testing systems for nuclear plants and pressure sensors for industrial applications, offset by increased demand for control systems for oil and gas applications. gross margin was 57.4% in the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to 56.3% in the year ended december 31, 2012, due to product mix. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales were 29.2% as compared to 28.4% in the prior year due to product mix. operating margin was 28.2% in the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to 27.8% in the year ended december 31, 2012.
corporate expenses increased by $8.6 million to $86.1 million, or 2.7% of sales, in 2013 as compared to $77.5 million, or 2.6% of sales, in 2012. the increase was due to higher equity compensation (primarily as a result of higher stock prices), offset in part by a decrease in acquisition-related expenses.
during 2013, our effective income tax rate was 28.6% versus 29.6% in 2012. the reduction was due to $6 million in discrete tax benefits related to the enactment of the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 ("atra"), as well as a $6 million benefit from the correction of an out of period adjustment of tax balances which were immaterial to any covered period, offset in part by increased revenues and resulting pretax income in higher tax jurisdictions, primarily the u.s.  we expect the effective tax rate to increase in 2014 due to a continued increase in revenues and resulting pretax income in higher tax jurisdictions as well as the non-recurrence of the $6 million tax benefit recognized in 2013.
at december 31, 2013, the functional currencies of most of our european subsidiaries were stronger and our canadian and united kingdom subsidiaries were weaker against the u.s. dollar compared to currency exchange rates at december 31, 2012. the net result of these changes led to a pre-tax decrease in the foreign exchange component of comprehensive earnings of $17.9 million in the year ended december 31, 2013. approximately $9.5 million of this amount related to goodwill and is not expected to directly affect our projected future cash flows. for the entire year of 2013, operating profit decreased by less than 1% due to fluctuations in non-u.s. currencies.
the increase in orders was due to internal growth of 4%, as well as orders from acquisitions which added 8%.  our energy systems and controls and rf technology segments experienced strong internal growth throughout 2013. our medical and scientific imaging segment experienced internal growth of 3%, as well as orders from recent acquisitions.
the following table summarizes order backlog information at december 31, 2013 and 2012 (dollar amounts in thousands). we include in backlog only orders that are expected to be recognized as revenue within twelve months.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources selected cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 are as follows (in millions):
operating activities                    $840.4                   $802.6                   $677.9
investing activities                    (348.1   )             (1,115.9   )             (1,505.5   )
financing activities                    (298.1   )                403.6                    853.9
operating activities - the increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 was primarily due to increased earnings net of intangible amortization related to acquisitions offset in part by tax payments.
investing activities - cash used in investing activities during 2014, 2013, and 2012 was primarily for business acquisitions.
financing activities - cash used in financing activities in all periods presented was primarily debt repayments as well as dividends paid to stockholders.  cash provided by financing activities during all periods presented was primarily debt borrowings for acquisitions partially offset by debt payments made using cash from operations.
net working capital (current assets, excluding cash, less total current liabilities, excluding debt) was $285 million at december 31, 2014 compared to $282 million at december 31, 2013. we acquired net working capital of $0.2 million through business acquisitions during 2014.
total debt was $2.2 billion at december 31, 2014 (31.8% of total capital) compared to $2.5 billion at december 31, 2013 (36.9% of total capital). our decreased debt at december 31, 2014 compared to december 31, 2013 was due to debt payments made using cash from operations.
at december 31, 2014, we had $400 million of senior notes due 2017, $800 million of senior notes due 2018, $500 million of senior notes due 2019, $500 million of senior notes due 2022 and $8 million of senior subordinated convertible notes due 2034. in addition, we had $6.1 million of other debt in the form of capital leases and several smaller facilities that allow for borrowings or the issuance of letters of credit in foreign locations to support our non-u.s. businesses. we had $48.9 million of outstanding letters of credit at december 31, 2014, of which $43.7 million was covered by our lending group, thereby reducing our revolving credit capacity commensurately.
cash and cash equivalents at our foreign subsidiaries at december 31, 2014 totaled $535 million.  repatriation of these funds under current regulatory and tax law for use in domestic operations would expose us to additional taxes.  we consider this cash to be permanently reinvested.  we expect existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by our u.s. operations, our unsecured credit facility, as well as our expected ability to access the capital markets, will be sufficient to fund operating requirements in the u.s. for the foreseeable future.
we were in compliance with all debt covenants related to our credit facility throughout the year ended december 31, 2014.
capital expenditures of $37.6 million, $42.5 million and $38.4 million were incurred during 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. in the future, we expect capital expenditures as a percentage of sales to be between 1.0% and 1.5% of annual net sales.
description of certain indebtedness senior unsecured credit facility - on july 27, 2012, we entered into a new unsecured credit facility (the "2012 facility"), composed of a five-year $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders.  we may also, subject to compliance with specified conditions, request term loans or additional revolving credit commitments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $350 million.  the 2012 facility replaced our previous unsecured credit facility dated as of july 7, 2008 (the "2008 facility").  due to the early termination of the 2008 facility, we recorded a $1.0 million non-cash debt extinguishment charge, reported as other expense, in the third quarter of 2012 reflecting the unamortized fees associated with the 2008 facility. at december 31, 2014, there were no outstanding borrowings under the 2012 facility.
the 2012 facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants which, among other things, limit our ability to incur new debt, prepay subordinated debt, make certain investments and acquisitions, sell assets and grant liens, make restricted payments (including the payment of dividends on our common stock) and capital expenditures, or change our line of business. we also are subject to financial covenants which require us to limit our consolidated total leverage ratio and to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio. the most restrictive covenant is the consolidated total leverage ratio which is limited to 3.5.
senior notes - our senior notes are unsecured senior obligations of the company and rank senior in right of payment with all of our existing and future subordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness.  the notes are effectively subordinated to any of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness.  the notes are not guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries and are effectively subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries.
senior notes due 2018 - on june 6, 2013, we completed a public offering of $800 million aggregate principal amount of 2.050% senior unsecured notes due october 1, 2018.  the notes were issued at 99.791% of their principal amount.  net proceeds of $793.5 million were used to pay off a portion of the outstanding revolver balance under the 2012 facility.
we may redeem some or all of these notes at any time or from time to time, at 100% of their principal amount, plus a make-whole premium based on a spread to u.s. treasury securities.
senior notes due 2017 - in november 2012, we completed a public offering of $400 million aggregate principal amount of 1.850% senior unsecured notes due november 2017.  net proceeds of $397.2 million were used to pay off a portion of the outstanding revolver balance under the 2012 facility.
we may redeem some or all of these notes at any time or from time to time, at 100% of their principal amount, plus a make-whole premium based on a spread to u.s. treasury securities.
senior notes due 2022 - in november 2012, we completed a public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125% senior unsecured notes due november 2022.  net proceeds of $496.4 million were used to pay off a portion of the outstanding revolver balance under the 2012 facility.
we may redeem some or all of these notes at any time or from time to time, at 100% of their principal amount, plus a make-whole premium based on a spread to u.s. treasury securities.
senior notes due 2019 - in september 2009, we completed a public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 6.25% senior unsecured notes due september 2019.  net proceeds of $496 million were used to pay off our $350 million term loan originally due july 2010 and the outstanding revolver balance under the 2008 facility.
we may redeem some or all of these notes at any time or from time to time, at 100% of their principal amount, plus a make-whole premium based on a spread to u.s. treasury securities.
senior subordinated convertible notes - in december 2003, we issued $230 million of senior subordinated convertible notes at an original issue discount of 60.498%, resulting in an effective yield of 3.75% per year to maturity. interest on the notes was payable semi-annually, beginning july 15, 2004, until january 15, 2009, after which cash interest is not paid on the notes prior to maturity unless contingent cash interest becomes payable. as of january 15, 2009, interest is recognized at the effective rate of 3.75% and represents accrual of original issue discount, excluding any contingent cash interest that may become payable. we will pay contingent cash interest to the holders of the notes during any six month period commencing after january 15, 2009 if the average trading price of a note for a five trading day measurement period preceding the applicable six month period equals 120% or more of the sum of the issue price, accrued original issue discount and accrued cash interest, if any, for such note. the contingent cash interest payable per note in respect of any six month period will equal the annual rate of 0.25%. in accordance with this criterion, contingent interest has been paid for each six month period since january 15, 2009.
the notes are unsecured senior subordinated obligations, rank junior to our existing and future senior secured indebtedness and rank equally with our existing and future senior subordinated indebtedness.
as originally issued, each $1,000 principal amount of the notes will be convertible at the option of the holder into 12.422 shares of our common stock (giving effect to the 2-for-1 stock split effective august 26, 2005 and subject to further adjustment), if (i) the sale price of our common stock reaches, or the trading price of the notes falls below, specified thresholds, (ii) if the notes are called for redemption or (iii) if specified corporate transactions have occurred. upon conversion, we would have the right to deliver, in lieu of common stock, cash or a combination of cash and common stock. on november 19, 2004, we began a consent solicitation to amend the notes such that we would pay the same conversion value upon conversion of the notes, but would change how the conversion value is paid. in lieu of receiving exclusively shares of common stock or cash upon conversion, noteholders would receive cash up to the value of the accreted principal amount of the notes converted and, at our option, any remainder of the conversion value would be paid in cash or shares of common stock. the consent solicitation was successfully completed on december 6, 2004 and the amended conversion provisions were adopted.
contractual cash obligations and other commercial commitments and contingencies the following tables quantify our contractual cash obligations and commercial commitments at december 31, 2014 (in thousands).
capital leases                   6,120               3,089                   2,332                     630                      66                       3                        -
other commercial                                total             2015                             2016              2017              2018                2019       thereafter commitments                                     amount committed standby letters of credit and bank guarantees         $48,934               $26,846              $1,950              $816              $113              $3,088             $16,121
1    we have excluded $29 million related to the liability for uncertain tax positions from the tables as the current portion is not material, and we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the long-term portion of the liability. see note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $428 million of outstanding surety bonds. certain contracts, primarily those involving public sector customers, require us to provide a surety bond as a guarantee of its performance of contractual obligations.
we believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facilities will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements and future acquisition activities. although we maintain an active acquisition program, any future acquisitions will be dependent on numerous factors and it is not feasible to reasonably estimate if or when any such acquisitions will occur and what the impact will be on our activities, financial condition and results of operations. we may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources.
we anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. however, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2014 (and reduce the associated interest expense) will be affected by, among other things, the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. none of these factors can be predicted with certainty.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2014 and 2013, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.