item 1a. risk factors our annual report on form 10-k for fiscal 2014, and information we provide in our annual report to stockholders, press releases, and other investor communications, including those on our corporate website, may contain forward-looking statements with respect to anticipated future events and our projected growth, financial performance, operations, and competitive position that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements and our prior expectations and projections. refer to management's discussion and analysis for a more complete identification and discussion of "forward-looking statements."
our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of risk factors. risks and uncertainties that apply to both ross and dd's discounts include, without limitation, the following:
we are subject to the economic and industry risks that affect large retailers operating in the united states.
•   an increase in the level of competitive pressures in the apparel or home-related merchandise retailing industry.
•   the impacts from the macro-economic environment and financial and credit markets that affect consumer disposable income and consumer confidence, including but not limited to interest rates, recession, inflation, deflation, energy costs, tax rates and policy, unemployment trends, and fluctuating commodity costs.
•   changes in geopolitical and geoeconomic conditions.
•   changes in the availability, quantity, or quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts that could impact our ability to purchase product and continue to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices.
•   potential disruptions in the supply chain or in information systems that could impact our ability to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner.
•   a change in the availability, quality, or cost of new store real estate locations.
the continued success of our business depends in part upon our ability to increase sales at our existing store locations, to open new stores, and to operate stores on a profitable basis. our existing strategies and store and distribution center expansion programs may not result in a continuation of our anticipated revenue or profit growth. in executing our off-price retail strategies and working to improve efficiencies, expand our store network, and reduce our costs, we face a number of operational risks, including our ability to:
•   attract, train, and retain associates with the retail talent necessary to execute our strategies.
•   improve our merchandising and transaction processing capabilities, and the reliability and security of our data communication systems, through implementation of new processes and systems enhancements.
•   protect against security breaches, including cyber-attacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems, that could result in the theft, transfer or unauthorized disclosure of customer, credit card, employee or other private and valuable information that we collect and process in the ordinary course of our business, and avoid resulting damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence, exposure to litigation and regulatory action, unanticipated costs and disruption of our operations.
•   improve new store sales and profitability, especially in newer regions and markets.
•   add capacity to our existing distribution centers, find new distribution center sites, and build out planned additional distribution centers timely and cost effectively.
•   achieve and maintain targeted levels of productivity and efficiency in our existing and new distribution centers.
•   lease or acquire acceptable new store sites with favorable demographics and long-term financial returns.
•   effectively manage all operating costs of the business, the largest of which are payroll and benefit costs for store and distribution center employees.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview ross stores, inc. operates two brands of off-price retail apparel and home fashion stores-ross dress for less® ("ross") and dd's discounts®. ross is the largest off-price apparel and home fashion chain in the united states with 1,210 locations in 33 states, the district of columbia and guam as of january 31, 2015. ross offers first-quality, in-season, name brand and designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 60% off department and specialty store regular prices every day. we also operate 152 dd's discounts stores in 15 states as of january 31, 2015 that feature a more moderately-priced assortment of first-quality, in-season, name brand apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 70% off moderate department and discount store regular prices every day.
our primary objective is to pursue and refine our existing off-price strategies to maintain and improve both profitability and financial returns over the long term. in establishing appropriate growth targets for our business, we closely monitor market share trends for the off-price industry and believe our share gains over the past few years were driven mainly by continued focus on value by consumers. our sales and earnings gains in 2014 continued to benefit from efficient execution of our off-price model throughout all areas of our business. our merchandise and operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day.
stores. total stores open at the end of fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 were 1,362, 1,276, and 1,199, respectively. the number of stores at the end of fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 increased by 7%, 6%, and 7% from the respective prior years. our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. we continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. we also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria.
we intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. although our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, we cannot be sure that they will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings.
we cannot be sure that the gross profit margins realized in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 will continue in future years.
capitalized interest                         (10.8   )         (10.8   )          (3.9   )
taxes on earnings. our effective tax rate for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012 was approximately 38% in each year, which represents the applicable combined federal and state statutory rates reduced by the federal benefit of state taxes deductible on federal returns. the effective rate is impacted by changes in laws, location of new stores, level of earnings, and the resolution of tax positions with various taxing authorities. we anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 will be between 37% and 38%.
financial condition liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of funds for our business activities are cash flows from operations and short-term trade credit. our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. we also use cash to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program and to pay dividends.
cash provided by operating activities                     $1,372.8              $1,022.0              $979.6
cash used in investing activities                           (639.0   )            (563.8   )          (425.7   )
cash used in financing activities                           (460.4   )            (681.8   )          (557.0   )
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $1,372.8 million, $1,022.0 million, and $979.6 million in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 respectively, and was primarily driven by net earnings excluding non-cash expenses for depreciation and amortization. our primary source of operating cash flow is the sale of our merchandise inventory. we regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns.
as a regular part of our business, packaway inventory levels will vary over time based on availability of compelling opportunities in the marketplace. packaway merchandise is purchased with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. the timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans. as such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but typically packaway remains in storage less than six months. we expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $639.0 million, $563.8 million, and $425.7 million in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. the increases in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 were primarily due to increases in our capital expenditures.
in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, our capital expenditures were $646.7 million, $550.5 million, and $424.4 million, respectively. our capital expenditures include costs to build or expand distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. we opened 95, 88, and 82 new stores in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. in september 2014 we completed the purchase of the office building where our new york buying office is located for $222 million.
our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below:
total capital expenditures                         $646.7          $550.5          $424.4
we are forecasting approximately $450 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2015 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new ross and dd's discounts stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices. we expect to primarily fund capital expenditures with available cash and cash flows from operations.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $460.4 million, $681.8 million, and $557.0 million in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. during fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, our liquidity and capital requirements were provided by available cash and cash flows from operations and in fiscal 2014, the issuance of our unsecured 3.375% senior notes due september 2024 ("2024 notes").
we repurchased 7.4 million, 8.2 million, and 7.5 million shares of common stock for aggregate purchase prices of approximately $550 million, $550 million, and $450 million in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. we also acquired 0.5 million shares in each of fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 of treasury stock from our employee stock equity compensation programs, for aggregate purchase prices of approximately $39.0 million, $29.9 million, and $29.4 million during fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. in february 2015, our board of directors approved a new two-year $1.4 billion stock repurchase program for fiscal 2015 and 2016.
in march 2015, our board of directors approved a two-for-one stock split in the form of a 100 percent stock dividend, to be paid on june 11, 2015 to stockholders of record as of april 22, 2015. the stock split will not have an impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. share and per share amounts have not been restated to reflect the pending stock split.
short-term trade credit represents a significant source of financing for merchandise inventory. trade credit arises from customary payment terms and trade practices with our vendors. we regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in 2015.
our existing $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility expires in june 2017 and contains a $300 million sublimit for issuance of standby letters of credit. interest on this facility is based on libor plus an applicable margin (currently
100 basis points) and is payable quarterly and upon maturity. as of january 31, 2015, we had no borrowings or standby letters of credit outstanding on this facility and our $600 million credit facility remains in place and available.
we estimate that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months.
1we have a $101.7 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits that is included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. this liability is excluded from the schedule above as the timing of payments cannot be reasonably estimated.
senior notes. in september 2014, we issued unsecured 2024 notes with an aggregate principal amount of $250 million. the 2024 notes were issued at a price equal to 99.329% of the principal amount. interest on the 2024 notes is payable semi-annually beginning march 2015.
as of january 31, 2015, we also had outstanding two series of unsecured senior notes in the aggregate principal amount of $150 million, held by various institutional investors. the series a notes totaling $85 million are due in december 2018 and bear interest at a rate of 6.38%. the series b notes totaling $65 million are due in december 2021 and bear interest at a rate of 6.53%. borrowings under these senior notes are subject to certain financial covenants, including interest coverage and other financial ratios. as of january 31, 2015, we were in compliance with those covenants.
off-balance sheet arrangements operating leases. we currently lease all but three of our store locations, three warehouse facilities, and a buying office. in addition, we have a ground lease related to our new york buying office. except for certain leasehold improvements and equipment, these leased locations do not represent long-term capital investments.
two of the warehouses are in carlisle, pennsylvania with leases expiring in 2016 and 2017. the third warehouse is in fort mill, south carolina, with a lease expiring in 2019. the leases for the two carlisle, pennsylvania warehouses contain renewal provisions.
we currently lease approximately 68,000 square feet of office space for our los angeles buying office. the lease term for this facility expires in 2017 and contains renewal provisions.
purchase obligations. as of january 31, 2015 we had purchase obligations of approximately $1,953 million. these purchase obligations primarily consist of merchandise inventory purchase orders, commitments related to construction projects, store fixtures and supplies, and information technology service, transportation, and maintenance contracts.
commercial credit facilities the table below presents our significant available commercial credit facilities at january 31, 2015:
amount of commitment expiration per period less than 1                                                                                                                                        total amount year                                                                                                                                                  committed
($000)                                  1 - 3 years                             3 - 5 years                       after 5 years revolving credit facility      $-                                  $600,000                                         $-                                  $-                            $600,000
total commercial commitments   $-                                  $600,000                                         $-                                  $-                            $600,000
for additional information relating to this credit facility, refer to note d of notes to consolidated financial statements.
revolving credit facility. our existing $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility expires in june 2017 and contains a $300 million sublimit for issuance of standby letters of credit. interest on this facility is based on libor plus an applicable margin (currently 100 basis points) and is payable quarterly and upon maturity. as of january 31, 2015 we had no borrowings outstanding or standby letters of credit issued under this facility.
our revolving credit facility has covenant restrictions requiring us to maintain certain interest coverage and other financial ratios. in addition, the interest rates under the revolving credit facility may vary depending on actual interest coverage ratios achieved. as of january 31, 2015 we were in compliance with these covenants.
standby letters of credit and collateral trust. we use standby letters of credit outside of our revolving credit facility in addition to a funded trust to collateralize our insurance obligations. as of january 31, 2015 and february 1, 2014, we had $19.5 million and $24.3 million, respectively, in standby letters of credit outstanding and $56.3 million and $47.2 million, respectively, in a collateral trust. the standby letters of credit are collateralized by restricted cash and the collateral trust consists of restricted cash, cash equivalents, and investments.
trade letters of credit. we had $32.8 million and $31.6 million in trade letters of credit outstanding at january 31, 2015 and february 1, 2014, respectively.
effects of inflation or deflation. we do not consider the effects of inflation or deflation to be material to our financial position and results of operations.
other critical accounting policies the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. these estimates and assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on historical experience and on various other factors that management believes to be reasonable. we believe the following critical accounting policies describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
merchandise inventory. our merchandise inventory is stated at the lower of cost (determined using a weighted average basis) or net realizable value. we purchase manufacturer overruns and canceled orders both during and at the end of a season which are referred to as "packaway" inventory. packaway inventory is purchased with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. the timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to the company's store merchandise assortment plans. as such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but typically packaway remains in storage less than six months. packaway inventory accounted for approximately 45%, 49%, and 47% of total inventories as of january 31, 2015, february 1, 2014, and february 2, 2013, respectively. merchandise inventory includes acquisition, processing, and storage costs related to packaway inventory.
included in the carrying value of our merchandise inventory is a provision for shortage. the shortage reserve is based on historical shortage rates as evaluated through our annual physical merchandise inventory counts and cycle counts. if actual market conditions, markdowns, or shortage are less favorable than those projected by us, or if sales of the
merchandise inventory are more difficult than anticipated, additional merchandise inventory write-downs may be required.
long-lived assets. we review for a long-lived asset impairment charge when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable based on estimated future cash flows. if analysis of the undiscounted cash flow of an asset group was less than the carrying value of the asset group, an impairment loss would be recognized to write the asset group down to its fair value. if our actual results differ materially from projected results, an impairment charge may be required in the future. in the course of performing our annual analysis, we determined that no long-lived asset impairment charge was required for fiscal 2014, 2013, or 2012.
lease accounting. when a lease contains "rent holidays" or requires fixed escalations of the minimum lease payments, we record rental expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and the difference between the average rental amount charged to expense and the amount payable under the lease is recorded as deferred rent. we begin recording rent expense on the lease possession date. tenant improvement allowances are included in other long-term liabilities and are amortized over the lease term. changes in tenant improvement allowances are included as a component of operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
insurance obligations. we use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risk management activities, including workers' compensation, general liability, and employee-related health care benefits. our self-insurance and deductible liability is determined actuarially, based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. should a greater amount of claims occur compared to what is estimated or the costs of medical care increase beyond what was anticipated, our recorded reserves may not be sufficient and additional charges could be required.
stock-based compensation. we recognize compensation expense based upon the grant date fair value of all stock-based awards. we use historical data to estimate pre-vesting forfeitures and to recognize stock-based compensation expense. all stock-based compensation awards are expensed over the service or performance periods of the awards.
income taxes. we account for our uncertain tax positions in accordance with accounting standards codification ("asc") 740. we are required to make assumptions and judgments regarding our income tax exposures. our policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to all tax positions in income tax expense. to the extent that accrued interest and penalties do not ultimately become payable, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax provision in the period that such determination is made.
the critical accounting policies noted above are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. in many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), with no need for management's judgment in their application. there are also areas in which management's judgment in selecting one alternative accounting principle over another would not produce a materially different result. see our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto under item 8 in this annual report on form 10-k, which contain accounting policies and other disclosures required by gaap.
recently issued accounting standards. in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update (asu) 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers. the guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. the core principle of the guidance is that a company should recognize revenue when the customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration which the company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. asu 2014-09 is effective for our annual and interim reporting periods beginning in fiscal 2017. we are currently evaluating the effect adoption of this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
forward-looking statements our annual report on form 10-k for fiscal 2014, and information we provide in our annual report to stockholders, press releases, and other investor communications including those on our corporate website, may contain a number of forward-looking statements regarding, without limitation, planned store growth, new markets, expected sales, projected earnings levels, capital expenditures, and other matters. these forward-looking statements reflect our then current beliefs, projections, and estimates with respect to future events and our projected financial performance, operations, and competitive position. the words "plan," "expect," "target," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "forecast," "projected," "guidance," "looking ahead" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
future economic and industry trends that could potentially impact revenue, profitability, and growth remain difficult to predict. as a result, our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements and our previous expectations and projections. refer to item 1a in this annual report on form 10-k for a more complete discussion of risk factors for ross and dd's discounts. the factors underlying our forecasts are dynamic and subject to change. as a result, any forecasts or forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are given and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time. we disclaim any obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements.