item 1a.   risk factors
you should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. the risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
risks related to our business and industry we may experience significant delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch and production ramp of model x, as well as future vehicles such as model 3, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we may experience significant delays or other complications in bringing new vehicles to market. for example, while we expect model x deliveries to start in the third quarter of 2015, refinements resulting from ongoing development and extensive testing of this vehicle could result in delays in its introduction.  complications could also arise from other factors, including the expansion of our production capacity required to bring model x to market, finalization of it supply chain, and completion of regulatory approvals.  ahead of the model x launch, we plan to expand capacity in several areas for our current and future vehicles, including installing a state of the art, highly automated casting and machining operation for various aluminum components for our vehicles, increasing production on our new drive unit line, installing a new robotic body assembly shop for model x production and commissioning a new paint facility.  our suppliers may not be able to provide components in a timely manner, at an acceptable price or in the necessary quantities. finally, we will also need to do extensive testing to ensure that model x is in compliance with applicable nhtsa safety regulations and obtain epa and carb certification to emission regulations prior to beginning volume production and delivery of the vehicles.
we, as well as other automobile manufacturers, have experienced delays or other complications in connection with new vehicle models. in 2012, we experienced delays in the production ramp of model s and in 2014, we delayed the start of production ramp of all-wheel drive dual motor model s.  any significant delay or other complication in the development, manufacture, launch and production ramp of model x or our future vehicles, including complications associated with expanding our production capacity, supply chain or regulatory approvals, could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
our long-term success will be dependent upon our ability to design, build and achieve market acceptance of new vehicle models, specifically model s and new vehicle models such as model x and model 3.
our long-term success is dependent on market acceptance of the model s sedan and future electric vehicles we introduce. in the united states, there is no guarantee that model s will continue to be successfully accepted by the general public, especially in the long-term. as we expand in europe and asia, there is no guarantee that customers in these markets will embrace our vehicles and if they do not, demand for our vehicles could be lower than our expectations.
moreover, there can be no assurance that we will be able to design future electric vehicles that will meet the expectations of our customers or that our future models, including the model x crossover, will become commercially viable. to date, we have publicly revealed only an early prototype of the model x. work continues on the finalization of model x with beta model x vehicles undergoing extensive testing. to the extent that we are not able to build model x in accordance with the expectations created by the early prototype and our announced specifications and schedule, customers may cancel their reservations, our future sales could be harmed and investors may lose confidence in us.
in addition, we have also announced our intent to develop model 3 which we expect to produce at the tesla factory after the introduction of model x. we intend to offer this vehicle at a lower price point and expect to produce it at higher volumes than our model s. importantly, we anticipate producing model 3 for the mass market and thus we will need a high-volume supply of lithium-ion cells at reasonable prices.
while we intend each of our production vehicles and their variants to meet a distinct segment of the automotive market, our vehicles may end up competing with each other which may delay sales and associated revenue to future periods. also, if we fail to accurately anticipate demand for each of our vehicles, this could result in inefficient expenditures and production delays. furthermore, historically, automobile customers have come to expect new and improved vehicle models to be introduced frequently. in order to meet these expectations, we may be required to introduce on a regular basis new vehicle models as well as enhanced versions of existing vehicle models. as automotive technologies change, including those specific to electric vehicles, we anticipate our customers will expect us to upgrade or adapt our vehicles and introduce new models in order to continue to provide vehicles with the latest technology. to date, we have limited experience simultaneously designing, testing, manufacturing, upgrading, adapting and selling our electric vehicles as well as limited experience allocating our available resources among the design and production of multiple vehicles.
we may be unable to increase production and deliveries of model s in line with our plans, both of which could harm our business and prospects.
since we began manufacturing and delivering model s in 2012, we have significantly increased production and deliveries, and our plans call for an even greater increase in production and deliveries going forward. as part of this effort, we recently completed a new final assembly line and added more automation to our body shop at the fremont factory, are installing a highly automated casting and machining operation for various aluminum components and are finishing the construction of a new high volume paint shop. our ability to further ramp-up high volume model s production, including for the all-wheel drive dual motor model s, which we recently began producing for the first time, will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to use these new manufacturing processes as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels, our suppliers' ability to deliver quality parts to us in a timely manner, and efficiently making design changes to ensure consistently high quality. to produce a vehicle that meets our quality standards requires us to carefully analyze each step of our production plan, improve the efficiency of our manufacturing processes and continue to train our employees. our suppliers also must produce new products in sufficient quantities and quality to meet our demand. certain suppliers have experienced delays in meeting our demand or have sought to renegotiate the terms of the supply arrangements, and we continue to focus on supplier capabilities and constraints. any disruption in increasing our production level of model s in line with our plans could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
in addition, for model s we have introduced a number of new manufacturing technologies and techniques, such as aluminum spot welding systems, which have not been widely adopted in the automotive industry; and the model s has a number of new and unique design features, such as a 17 inch display screen, retractable exterior door handles, and all-new dual motor and autopilot hardware, each of which poses unique manufacturing challenges. model s production and deliveries will continue to require significant resources and we may experience unexpected delays or difficulties that could harm our ability to maintain full manufacturing capacity for model s, or cause us to miss planned production targets, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. additionally, sustaining high volume production and doing so in a manner that avoids significant cost overruns, including as a result of factors beyond our control such as problems with suppliers and vendors, may be difficult.
concurrent with the significant increase in our planned production levels, we will also need to continue to significantly increase our deliveries of model s vehicles. we have limited experience in delivering a high volume of model s vehicles, and, in particular, to locations outside of the united states. we may face difficulties meeting our delivery and growth plans in asia and the right hand drive markets we have entered, which may impact our ability to achieve our worldwide delivery goals. if we are unable to ramp up to meet our delivery goals globally to match our production rate of model s, this could result in negative publicity, damage our brand and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
our ability to grow volume production and deliveries for model s is subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including:
●   that our suppliers will be able and willing to deliver components on a timely basis and in the necessary quantities, quality and at acceptable prices to produce model s in volume and reach our financial targets;
●   that we will be able to complete any necessary adjustments to the vehicle design or manufacturing processes of model s in a timely manner that meets our production plan and allows for high quality vehicles;
●   that we will be able to fully ramp production of all-wheel drive dual motor model s to keep up with demand;
●   that we will be able to adequately respond in a timely manner to any problems that may arise with our vehicles;
●   that the equipment or tooling which we have purchased or which we select, including those that are part of our higher capacity production line that recently became operational, will be able to accurately manufacture the vehicle within specified design tolerances, and will not suffer from unexpected breakdowns or damage which could negatively affect the rate needed to produce vehicles in volume;
●   that we will be able to comply with environmental, workplace safety, customs and similar regulations required to operate our manufacturing facilities;
●   that we will be able to maintain and improve quality controls as we transition to a higher level of in-house manufacturing process; and
●   that the information technology systems that we are currently expanding and improving upon will be effective to manage higher volume production.
finally, detailed long-term testing of quality, reliability and durability of model s is ongoing and any negative results from such testing could cause production or delivery delays, cost increases, or lower quality of our model s vehicles.
problems or delays in bringing the gigafactory online and operating it in line with our expectations could negatively affect us.
to lower the cost of cell production and produce cells in volume to allow us to grow quickly, we intend to integrate the production of lithium-ion cells and finished battery packs for our vehicles at our new gigafactory. our gigafactory plan, however, is at an early stage. while we recently entered into various formal agreements with panasonic on the gigafactory, we have very little experience in building a factory of the size and scope planned for the gigafactory, and no experience directly in the production of lithium-ion cells. in addition, to date we have not finalized agreements with additional gigafactory partners that will be co-located at the gigafactory. also, the cost of building and operating the gigafactory could exceed our current expectations and the gigafactory may take longer to bring online than we anticipate. if we are unable to build the gigafactory in a timely manner to produce high volumes of quality lithium-ion cells at reasonable prices, then our ability to supply battery packs to our vehicles, including model 3, according to our schedule and/or at a price that allows us to sell them profitably and in the quantities we estimate could be constrained. any such problems or delays with gigafactory could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
if our vehicles or vehicles that contain our powertrains fail to perform as expected, or if we suffer product recalls, our ability to develop, market and sell our electric vehicles could be harmed.
our vehicles or vehicles that contain our powertrains such as the toyota rav4 ev or the mercedes-benz b-class ev may contain defects in design and manufacture that may cause them not to perform as expected or that may require repair. for example, our vehicles are highly dependent on software to operate. software products are inherently complex and often contain defects and errors when first introduced, and changes to software may have unexpected effects. model s issues experienced by customers include those related to the software for the 17 inch display screen, the panoramic roof and the 12 volt battery. although we attempt to remedy the model s issues experienced by our customers in a rapid manner, such efforts may not be timely or up to the satisfaction of our customers.
while we have performed extensive internal testing, we currently have a limited frame of reference by which to evaluate the long-term performance of our battery packs, powertrains and vehicles. specifically, we have only a limited amount of data by which to evaluate model s, upon which our business prospects depend, due to the fact that we only recently began production in june 2012. there can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in the vehicles prior to their sale to consumers.
we have experienced product recalls, including in may 2009, october 2010, and june 2013, all of which were unrelated to our electric powertrain. in may 2009, we initiated a product recall after we determined that a condition caused by insufficient torqueing of the rear inner hub flange bolt existed in some of our tesla roadsters, as a result of a missed process during the manufacture of the tesla roadster glider, which is the partially assembled tesla roadster that does not contain our electric powertrain. in october 2010, we initiated a product recall for some of our tesla roadsters after the 12 volt, low voltage auxiliary cable in a single vehicle chafed against the edge of a carbon fiber panel in the vehicle causing a short, smoke and possible fire behind the right front headlamp of the vehicle. in june 2013, we initiated a recall of slightly more than a thousand model s vehicles to inspect and repair rear seat strikers that may have been compromised during the assembly process. rear seat strikers are used to retain the rear seat backs in an upright position. failure of this component may have resulted in the collapse of the rear seat back during a crash. although the cost of this recall was not material, and limited to a small number of total model s's produced, we may experience additional recalls in the future, which could adversely affect our brand in our target markets, as well as our business, prospects and results of operations.
in january 2014 we implemented a firmware update to address issues with certain universal mobile connector nema 14-50 adapters, which are part of the charging units and are not part of the vehicles themselves, potentially overheating during charging. we further announced that we would provide upgraded nema 14-50 adapters to our customers as an additional safeguard. if such measures do not adequately address the underlying concerns, our business, prospects and results of operations could be harmed.
our electric vehicles may not perform consistent with customers' expectations or consistent with other vehicles currently available. for example, our electric vehicles may not have the durability or longevity of current vehicles, and may not be as easy to repair as other vehicles currently on the market. additionally, while model s recently achieved an overall five star safety rating by nhtsa, there is no guarantee that future model years or variants or other tesla vehicles will also attain such safety ratings, and any such rating is not a guarantee of safe product design or that any individual vehicle will be free of any defect or failure.
any product defects or any other failure of our performance electric vehicles to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery delays, product recalls, product liability claims, harm to our brand and reputation, and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
we are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to continue to deliver, or their refusal to deliver, necessary components of our vehicles in a timely manner at prices, quality levels, and volumes acceptable to us would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
model s contains numerous purchased parts which we source globally from over 300 direct suppliers, the majority of whom are currently single source suppliers for these components. we expect that model x will be sourced in an approximately similar manner. while we obtain components from multiple sources whenever possible, similar to other automobile manufacturers, the majority of the components used in our vehicles are purchased by us from single sources. to date we have not qualified alternative sources for most of the single sourced components used in our vehicles and we do not maintain long-term agreements with a number of our suppliers.
while we believe that we may be able to establish alternate supply relationships and can obtain or engineer replacement components for our single source components, we may be unable to do so in the short term, or at all, at prices or costs that are favorable to us. in particular, while we believe that we will be able to secure alternate sources of supply for most of our single sourced components in a relatively short time frame, qualifying alternate suppliers or developing our own replacements for certain highly customized components of our vehicles may be time consuming, costly and may force us to make additional modifications to a vehicle's design.
this limited supply chain exposes us to multiple potential sources of delivery failure or component shortages for our vehicles, as well as for our powertrain component sales activities. for example, earthquakes similar to the one that occurred in japan in march 2011 or labor issues such as work stoppages or strikes at the ports on the west coast could negatively impact our supply chain. we have in the past experienced source disruptions in our supply chains, including those relating to our slower-than-anticipated ramp in our model s production goals for 2012. we may experience additional delays in the future with respect to model s, model x and any other future vehicle we may produce.
in addition, because we have written agreements in place with the majority, but not all, of our suppliers, this may create uncertainty regarding a supplier's obligations to us, including but not limited to, those regarding warranty and product liability. changes in business conditions, wars, governmental changes and other factors beyond our control or which we do not presently anticipate, could also affect our suppliers' ability to deliver components to us on a timely basis. furthermore, if we experience significantly increased demand, or need to replace certain existing suppliers, there can be no assurance that additional supplies of component parts will be available when required on terms that are favorable to us, at all, or that any supplier would allocate sufficient supplies to us in order to meet our requirements or fill our orders in a timely manner. in the past, we have replaced certain suppliers because of their failure to provide components that met our quality control standards. the loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could lead to delays in vehicle deliveries to our customers, which could hurt our relationships with our customers and also materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
changes in our supply chain have resulted in the past, and may result in the future, in increased cost and delay. we have also experienced cost increases from certain of our suppliers in order to meet our quality targets and development timelines as well as due to design changes that we made, and we may experience similar cost increases in the future. additionally, we are negotiating with existing suppliers for cost reductions, seeking new and less expensive suppliers for certain parts, and attempting to redesign certain parts to make them cheaper to produce. if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to control and reduce supplier costs, our operating results will suffer. additionally, cost reduction efforts may interrupt or harm our normal production processes, thereby harming vehicle quality or reducing model s production output.
furthermore, a failure by our suppliers to provide the components in a timely manner or at the level of quality necessary to manufacture our performance electric vehicles could prevent us from fulfilling customer orders in a timely fashion which could result in negative publicity, damage our brand and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
finally, in october 2013, we entered into an amendment to our existing supply agreement with panasonic corporation in order to address our anticipated short- to medium-term lithium-ion battery cell needs. while we expect that this supply agreement, as amended, will provide us with sufficient cells for the next few years, we may not be able to meet our long-term needs, including for model 3 and other programs we may introduce, without securing additional suppliers or other sources for cells. we have recently signed an agreement with panasonic to be our partner in the gigafactory and be responsible for, among other things, manufacturing cells from there for use in our products. if we encounter unexpected difficulties with our current suppliers, including panasonic, and if we are unable to fill these needs from other suppliers, we could experience production delays, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
our future growth is dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles.
our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of, and we are subject to an elevated risk of any reduced demand for, alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. if the market for electric vehicles in north america, europe and asia does not develop as we expect, or develops more slowly than we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be harmed. the market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements and changing consumer demands and behaviors.
other factors that may influence the adoption of alternative fuel vehicles, and specifically electric vehicles, include:
●   perceptions about electric vehicle quality, safety (in particular with respect to lithium-ion battery packs), design, performance and cost, especially if adverse events or accidents occur that are linked to the quality or safety of electric vehicles, such as those related to the chevrolet volt battery pack fires or incidents involving model s;
●   perceptions about vehicle safety in general, in particular safety issues that may be attributed to the use of advanced technology, including vehicle electronics and regenerative braking systems;
●   negative perceptions of electric vehicles, such as that they are more expensive than non-electric vehicles and are only affordable with government subsidies;
●   the limited range over which electric vehicles may be driven on a single battery charge and the effects of weather on this range;
●   the decline of an electric vehicle's range resulting from deterioration over time in the battery's ability to hold a charge;
●   varied calculations for driving ranges achievable by evs, which is inherently difficult given numerous factors affecting battery range;
●   concerns about electric grid capacity and reliability, which could derail our past and present efforts to promote electric vehicles as a practical solution to vehicles which require gasoline;
●   concerns by potential customers that if their battery pack is not charged properly, it may become unusable and may need to be replaced;
●   the availability of alternative fuel vehicles, including plug-in hybrid electric vehicles;
●   improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine;
●   the availability of service for electric vehicles;
●   consumers' desire and ability to purchase a luxury automobile or one that is perceived as exclusive;
●   the environmental consciousness of consumers;
●   volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline;
●   consumers' perceptions of the dependency of the united states on oil from unstable or hostile countries;
●   government regulations and economic incentives promoting fuel efficiency and alternate forms of energy as well as tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate electric vehicles;
●   access to charging facilities, standardization of electric vehicle charging systems and consumers' perceptions about convenience and cost to charge an electric vehicle; and
in addition, reports have suggested the potential for extreme temperatures to affect the range or performance of electric vehicles, and based on our own internal testing, we estimate that our vehicles may experience a material reduction in range when operated in extremely cold temperatures. to the extent customers have concerns about such reductions or third party reports which suggest reductions in range greater than our estimates gain widespread acceptance, our ability to market and sell our vehicles, particularly in colder climates, may be adversely impacted.
additionally, we will become subject to regulations that require us to alter the design of our vehicles, which could negatively impact consumer interest in our vehicles. for example, our electric vehicles make less noise than internal combustion vehicles. due to concerns about quiet vehicles and vision impaired pedestrians, in january 2011, congress passed and the president signed the pedestrian safety enhancement act of 2010. the new law requires nhtsa to establish minimum sounds for electric vehicles and hybrid electric vehicles when travelling at low speeds. nhtsa issued a notice of proposed rulemaking in 2013 and plans to finalize a rule as soon as sometime in 2015 with a potential effective date for implementation as early as 2018. this will begin a three year phase-in schedule for establishing these minimum sounds in all electric and hybrid electric vehicles. adding this artificial noise may cause current or potential customers not to purchase our electric vehicles, which would materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects.
if we fail to manage future growth effectively as we rapidly grow our company, especially internationally, we may not be able to produce, market, sell and service our vehicles successfully.
any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. we continue to expand our operations significantly in north america as well as in europe and asia. our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage this expansion and growth successfully. risks that we face in undertaking this global expansion include:
●   finding and training new personnel, especially in new markets such as europe and asia;
●   controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations;
●   establishing or expanding sales, service and supercharger facilities in a timely manner;
●   adapting our products to meet local requirements in countries around the world; and
●   implementing and enhancing manufacturing, logistics and administrative infrastructure, systems and processes.
we intend to continue to hire a significant number of additional personnel, including manufacturing personnel, design personnel, engineers and service technicians. because our high-performance vehicles are based on a different technology platform than traditional internal combustion engines, we may not be able to hire individuals with sufficient training in electric vehicles, and we will need to expend significant time and expense training the employees we do hire. competition for individuals with experience designing, manufacturing and servicing electric vehicles is intense, and we may not be able to attract, assimilate, train or retain additional highly qualified personnel in the future, the failure of which could seriously harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition.
if we are unable to adequately reduce the manufacturing costs of model s, control manufacturing costs for model x or otherwise control the costs associated with operating our business, our financial condition and operating results will suffer.
our production costs for model s were high initially due to start-up costs at the tesla factory, manufacturing inefficiencies including low absorption of fixed manufacturing costs, higher logistics costs due to the immaturity of our supply chain, and higher initial prices for component parts during the initial period after the launch and ramp of model s. as we have gradually ramped production of model s, manufacturing costs per vehicle have decreased. while we expect further cost reductions to be realized by both us and our suppliers during the next several quarters, there is no guarantee we will be able to achieve sufficient cost savings to reach our gross margin and profitability goals.
we incur significant costs related to procuring the raw materials required to manufacture our high-performance electric cars, assembling vehicles and compensating our personnel. we may also incur substantial costs or cost overruns in increasing the production capability of model s and powertrain manufacturing facilities and the recent launch in asia. furthermore, if we are unable to produce model x pursuant to our plan due to cost overruns or other unexpected costs, we may not be able to meet our gross margin targets.
furthermore, many of the factors that impact our operating costs are beyond our control. for example, the costs of our raw materials and components, such as lithium-ion battery cells or aluminum used to produce body panels, could increase due to shortages as global demand for these products increases. indeed, if the popularity of electric vehicles exceeds current expectations without significant expansion in battery cell production capacity and advancements in battery cell technology, shortages could occur which would result in increased material costs to us or potentially limit our ability to expand production. additionally, we may be required to incur substantial marketing costs and expenses to promote our vehicles, including through the use of traditional media such as television, radio and print, even though our marketing expenses to date have been relatively limited as we have to date relied upon unconventional marketing efforts. if we are unable to keep our operating costs aligned with the level of revenues we generate, our operating results, business and prospects will be harmed.
we may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business, which would cause our stock price to decline.
we occasionally provide guidance regarding our expected financial and business performance, such as projections regarding the number of vehicles we hope to sell, produce or deliver in future periods and anticipated future revenues, gross margins, profitability and cash flows. correctly identifying the key factors affecting business conditions and predicting future events is inherently an uncertain process. our guidance is based in part on assumptions which include, but are not limited to, assumptions regarding:
●   our ability to achieve anticipated production and sales volumes and projected average sales prices for model s and model x in north america, europe and asia;
●   supplier and commodity-related costs; and
such guidance may not always be accurate or may vary from actual results due to our inability to meet our assumptions and the impact on our financial performance that could occur as a result of the various risks and uncertainties to our business as set forth in these risk factors, or because of the way that applicable accounting rules require us to treat new product and service offerings that we may offer. we offer no assurance that such guidance will ultimately be accurate, and investors should treat any such guidance with appropriate caution. if we fail to meet our guidance or if we find it necessary to revise such guidance, even if such failure or revision is seemingly insignificant, investors and analysts may lose confidence in us and the market value of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected.
our vehicles make use of lithium-ion battery cells, which have been observed to catch fire or vent smoke and flame, and such events have raised concerns, and future events may lead to additional concerns, about the batteries used in automotive applications.
the battery pack in our vehicles and the battery packs that we sell to toyota and daimler make use of lithium-ion cells. on rare occasions, lithium-ion cells can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion cells. extremely rare incidents of laptop computers, cell phones and electric vehicle battery packs catching fire have focused consumer attention on the safety of these cells.
these events have raised concerns about the batteries used in automotive applications. to address these questions and concerns, a number of cell manufacturers are pursuing alternative lithium-ion battery cell chemistries to improve safety. we have designed the battery pack to passively contain any single cell's release of energy without spreading to neighboring cells. however, we have delivered only a limited number of our vehicles to customers and have limited field experience with them. we have also only delivered a limited number of battery packs to toyota and daimler. accordingly, there can be no assurance that a field or testing failure of our vehicles or other battery packs that we produce will not occur, which could damage the vehicle or lead to personal injury or death and may subject us to lawsuits. we may have to recall our vehicles or participate in a recall of a vehicle that contains our battery packs, and redesign our battery packs, which would be time consuming and expensive. also, negative public perceptions regarding the suitability of lithium-ion cells for automotive applications or any future incident involving lithium-ion cells such as a vehicle or other fire, even if such incident does not involve us, could seriously harm our business.
in addition, we store a significant number of lithium-ion cells at our manufacturing facility. any mishandling of battery cells may cause disruption to the operation of our facilities. while we have implemented safety procedures related to the handling of the cells, there can be no assurance that a safety issue or fire related to the cells would not disrupt our operations. such damage or injury would likely lead to adverse publicity and potentially a safety recall. moreover, any failure of a competitor's electric vehicle, especially those that use a high volume of commodity cells similar to tesla's vehicles, may cause indirect adverse publicity for us and our electric vehicles. such adverse publicity would negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we have a history of losses and have to deliver significant cost reductions to achieve sustained, long-term profitability and long-term commercial success.
we have had net losses on a gaap basis in each quarter since our inception, except for the first quarter of 2013. even if we are able to continue to increase model s production and sales and begin to produce and sell model x and future vehicles, there can be no assurance that we will be profitable. in order to achieve profitability as well as long-term commercial success, we must continue to achieve our planned cost reductions, control our operational costs while producing quality vehicles, increase our production rate, maintain strong demand in north america, and grow demand abroad in europe and asia. failure to do one or more of these things could prevent us from achieving sustained, long-term profitability.
foreign currency movements relative to the u.s. dollar could harm our financial results.
our revenues and costs denominated in foreign currencies are not completely matched. as we have increased model s deliveries in markets outside of the united states, we have much higher revenues than costs denominated in other currencies such as the euro, norwegian kroner, and chinese yuan.  the recent strengthening of the u.s. dollar therefore has reduced, and any further strengthening of the u.s. dollar would tend to further reduce, our revenues as measured in u.s. dollars. in addition, a portion of our costs and expenses have been, and we anticipate will continue to be, denominated in foreign currencies, including the japanese yen. if we do not have fully offsetting revenues in these currencies and if the value of the u.s. dollar depreciates significantly against these currencies, our costs as measured in u.s. dollars as a percent of our revenues will correspondingly increase and our margins will suffer. as a result, our operating results could be adversely affected.
the introduction of our resale value guarantee and leasing programs may result in lower revenues and profits and exposes us to resale risk to the extent many customers elect to return their vehicles to us and the residual values are lower than our estimates.
in 2013 we began offering a resale value guarantee to all customers who purchased a model s in the united states and canada and financed their vehicle through one of our specified commercial banking partners. in april and october of 2014, we started offering leasing to business customers and individual customers, respectively, including through tesla finance, our captive finance company. both the resale value guarantee program and leasing offered through tesla finance generate lower revenues in the period the car is delivered as compared to cash purchases and both expose us to the risk that any vehicles repurchased or returned to us under the programs may be resold by us for prices less than we estimate.
under the resale value guarantee program, model s customers have the option of selling their vehicle back to us during the period of 36 to 39 months following delivery for a pre-determined resale value. as a result of this resale value guarantee and customers having the option of selling their vehicles to us, we apply lease accounting to such purchases, which defers the recognition of the associated revenues over time instead of full recognition at vehicle delivery. although the resale value guarantee does not impact our cash flows and liquidity at the time of vehicle delivery, a significant uptake under this program could have a significant adverse impact on our near term gaap revenues and operating results.
under the leasing program offered through tesla finance, we lease vehicles directly to customers. customers have the option of purchasing their vehicles at the stated value in the leasing contract or returning their vehicles to us. we apply lease accounting to such purchases. unlike the resale value guarantee program, we may receive only a very small portion of the price of the vehicle from our customers at the time of purchase, and instead will receive a stream of lease payments. to the extent we expand this program and are unable to secure appropriate financing, our cash flow and liquidity, as well as our near term gaap revenues and operating results, could be negatively impacted. furthermore, we are exposed to credit risk that customers may not pay their lease payments on time and according to the terms of our leasing contracts.
under both programs, we are exposed to the risk that the vehicles' resale value may be lower than our estimates and the volume of vehicles returned to us may be higher than our estimates, which could impact our future cash flows and/or profitability. currently, there is only a very limited secondary market for our electric vehicles on which to base our estimates, and such a secondary market may not develop in the future. our residual value and return volume estimates could prove to be incorrect, either of which could harm our financial condition and operating results.
increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials, in particular lithium-ion cells, could harm our business.
we may experience increases in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of raw materials. any such increase or supply interruption could materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. we use various raw materials in our business including aluminum, steel, nickel and copper. the prices for these raw materials fluctuate depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials and could adversely affect our business and operating results. for instance, we are exposed to multiple risks relating to lithium-ion cells. these risks include:
●   the inability or unwillingness of current battery manufacturers to build or operate battery cell manufacturing plants to supply the numbers of lithium-ion cells required to support the growth of the electric or plug-in hybrid vehicle industry as demand for such cells increases;
●   disruption in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by battery cell manufacturers;
●   an increase in the cost of raw materials, such as nickel used in lithium-ion cells, or aluminum used in the body of model s; and
●   fluctuations in the value of the japanese yen against the u.s. dollar as our battery cell purchases are currently denominated in japanese yen.
our business is dependent on the continued supply of battery cells for our vehicles' battery packs as well as for the battery packs we produce for other automobile manufacturers. while we believe several sources of the battery cells are available for such battery packs, we have fully qualified only one supplier for the cells used in such battery packs and have very limited flexibility in changing cell suppliers. any disruption in the supply of battery cells from such vendors could disrupt production of our vehicles and of the battery packs we produce for other automobile manufacturers until such time as a different supplier is fully qualified. furthermore, fluctuations or shortages in petroleum and other economic conditions may cause us to experience significant increases in freight charges and raw material costs. substantial increases in the prices for our raw materials or prices charged to us, such as those charged by our battery cell manufacturers, would increase our operating costs, and could reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased electric vehicle prices. there can be no assurance that we will be able to recoup increasing costs of raw materials by increasing vehicle prices. any attempts to increase vehicle prices in response to increased raw material costs could be viewed negatively by our customers, result in cancellations of vehicle orders and reservations and could materially and adversely affect our brand, image, business, prospects and operating results.
our success could be harmed by negative publicity regarding our company or our products, particularly model s.
occasionally, third parties evaluate or publish stories regarding our vehicles. for example, in 2013 the new york times published a negative review of the model s and our supercharger network on a route from washington, d.c. to boston. the story created a negative public perception about model s, its capabilities and the supercharger network. to the extent that negative comments about us or our products are believed by the public, this may cause current or potential customers not to purchase our electric vehicles, including model s and model x, which can materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial conditions and prospects.
our distribution model is different from the predominant current distribution model for automobile manufacturers, which makes evaluating our business, operating results and future prospects difficult.
our distribution model is not common in the automobile industry today, particularly in the united states. we plan to continue to sell our performance electric vehicles in company-owned tesla stores and over the internet. while we believe our approach is important to the success of our technology and vehicles, this model of vehicle distribution is relatively new and unproven, especially in the united states, and subjects us to substantial risk as it requires, in the aggregate, a significant expenditure and provides for slower expansion of our distribution and sales systems than may be possible by utilizing a more traditional dealer franchise system. for example, we do not utilize long-established sales channels developed through a franchise system to increase our sales volume, which may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. moreover, we compete with companies with well-established distribution channels.
we have opened tesla stores in north america, europe and the asia pacific region, many of which have been open for only a short period of time. we have relatively limited experience distributing and selling our performance vehicles through our tesla stores, especially in asia. our success will depend in large part on our ability to effectively develop our own sales channels and marketing strategies. implementing our business model is subject to numerous significant challenges, including obtaining permits and approvals from local and state authorities, and we may not be successful in addressing these challenges. the concept and layout of our interactive stores, which are typically located in high profile retail centers, is different than what has previously been used in automotive sales. we do not know whether our store strategy will continue to be successful. we may incur additional costs in order to improve or change our retail strategy.
other aspects of our distribution model also differ from those used by traditional automobile manufacturers. for example, we do not anticipate that we will ever carry a significant amount of vehicle inventory at our stores and customers may need to wait up to a few months from the time they place an order until the time they receive their vehicle. this type of custom manufacturing is unusual in the premium sedan market in the united states and it is unproven whether the average customer will be willing to wait this amount of time for such a vehicle. if customers do not embrace this ordering and retail experience, our business will be harmed.
we may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully defend or insure against such claims.
we may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. the automobile industry experiences significant product liability claims and we face inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event our vehicles do not perform as expected or malfunction resulting in personal injury or death. our risks in this area are particularly pronounced given the limited number of vehicles delivered to date and limited field experience of those vehicles. a successful product liability claim against us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about our vehicles and business and inhibit or prevent commercialization of other future vehicle candidates which would have material adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects and operating results. we self-insure against the risk of product liability claims, meaning that any product liability claims will have to be paid from company funds, not by insurance. any lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. we may not be able to secure additional product liability insurance coverage on commercially acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed, particularly if we do face liability for our products and are forced to make a claim under such a policy.
we are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems. if these implementations are not successful, our business and operations could be disrupted and our operating results could be harmed.
we are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. in particular, our volume production of model s necessitates continued development, maintenance and improvement of our information technology systems in the u.s. and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. these systems support our operations and enable us to produce model s and future vehicles like model x in volume. the implementation, maintenance and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost. moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. these risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations.
we cannot be sure that these expanded systems or their required functionality will be effectively implemented or sufficiently maintained. if we do not successfully implement, improve or maintain these systems, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired; and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. if these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions.
we may not realize the benefits of our supercharger network, which could harm our business, brand and operating results.
we continue to deploy tesla superchargers in the united states, europe and asia. tesla superchargers are a network of charging stations designed to provide fast-charge capability to owners of model s vehicles with the supercharging option. we intend to expand the tesla supercharger network throughout the u.s., canada, europe and asia, but we may be unable to do so due to a number of factors, including the inability to secure, or delays in securing, suitable locations and permits, problems negotiating leases with landowners or obtaining required permits for such locations, difficulties in interfacing with the infrastructures of various utility companies and greater than expected costs and difficulties of installing, maintaining and operating the network.
we may also be unable to expand the supercharger network as fast as we intend or as the public expects, or to place the charging stations in places our customers believe to be optimal. furthermore, even where superchargers exist, the increasing number of model s vehicles as well as future vehicles such as model x may oversaturate the available charging bays at such superchargers, leading to increased wait times and dissatisfaction for customers. in addition, as we have announced that we will not be charging our customers to access this network in addition to what they have already paid for their vehicles, any significant unexpected costs that we encounter will entirely be borne by us and may harm our operating results. although our supercharger network is intended to address customer concerns regarding long-distance travel, this network may not result in increased reservations or sales of model s or future vehicles like model x. if our supercharger network is not expanded as currently planned or as quickly as planned, we may not realize the benefits of our supercharger network and our business and operating results could be materially affected.
if we are unable to design, develop, market and sell new electric vehicles that address additional market opportunities, our business, prospects and operating results will suffer.
we may not be able to successfully develop new electric vehicles, address new market segments or develop a significantly broader customer base. in 2012, we publicly revealed an early prototype of the model x crossover as the first vehicle we intend to develop by leveraging the model s platform and are currently testing our beta model x vehicles. we have also announced our intent to develop model 3 based on a smaller platform than the model s which we expect to produce at the tesla factory after the introduction of model x. model 3 is currently planned to be a lower cost, smaller sedan designed for the mass market. therefore, we intend to manufacture model 3 in significantly higher volumes than model s and there can be no assurance we can successfully scale our business accordingly. in addition, we have not yet finalized the design, engineering or component sourcing plans for model 3 and there are no assurances that we will be able to bring this vehicle to market at the price point and in the volume that we currently intend, if at all. the market for vehicles in the price range we expect for model 3 is much more competitive than for model s and model x, and therefore margins are likely to be lower compared to model s and model x margins. our efforts to manufacture and sell a sufficiently profitable model 3 may not be as successful, and therefore our business, prospects and operating results may suffer. our failure to address additional market opportunities would harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
the automotive market is highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in this industry. we currently face competition from new and established competitors and expect to face competition from others in the future.
the worldwide automotive market, particularly for alternative fuel vehicles, is highly competitive today and we expect it will become even more so in the future. other automobile manufacturers entered the electric vehicle market at the end of 2010 and we expect additional competitors to enter this market. with respect to model s, we face competition from existing and future automobile manufacturers in the extremely competitive premium sedan market, including audi, bmw, lexus and mercedes.
many established and new automobile manufacturers have entered or have announced plans to enter the alternative fuel vehicle market. bmw, daimler, nissan, fiat, ford and mitsubishi, among others, have electric vehicles available today. moreover, porsche, lexus, audi, volkswagen and volvo are also developing electric vehicles. in addition, several manufacturers, including general motors, toyota, ford, and honda, are each selling hybrid vehicles, and certain of these manufacturers have announced plug-in versions of their hybrid vehicles. for example, in december 2010, general motors introduced the chevrolet volt, which is a plug-in hybrid vehicle that operates purely on electric power for a limited number of miles, at which time an internal combustion engine engages to recharge the battery pack.
moreover, it has been reported that many of the other large oems, such as daimler, lexus and audi, are also developing electric vehicles. several new start-ups have also entered or announced plans to enter the market for performance electric vehicles. finally, electric vehicles have already been brought to market in china and other foreign countries and we expect a number of those manufacturers to enter the united states market as well.
most of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the design, development, manufacturing, distribution, promotion, sale and support of their products. virtually all of our competitors have more extensive customer bases and broader customer and industry relationships than we do. in addition, almost all of these companies have longer operating histories and greater name recognition than we do. our competitors may be in a stronger position to respond quickly to new technologies and may be able to design, develop, market and sell their products more effectively. additionally, we have not in the past, and do not currently, offer customary discounts on our vehicles like most of our competitors do.
we expect competition in our industry to intensify in the future in light of increased demand for alternative fuel vehicles, continuing globalization and consolidation in the worldwide automotive industry. factors affecting competition include product quality and features, innovation and development time, pricing, reliability, safety, fuel economy, customer service and financing terms. increased competition may lead to lower vehicle unit sales and increased inventory, which may result in a further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. our ability to successfully compete in our industry will be fundamental to our future success in existing and new markets and our market share. there can be no assurances that we will be able to compete successfully in our markets. if our competitors introduce new cars or services that compete with or surpass the quality, price or performance of our cars or services, we may be unable to satisfy existing customers or attract new customers at the prices and levels that would allow us to generate attractive rates of return on our investment. increased competition could result in price reductions and revenue shortfalls, loss of customers and loss of market share, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
demand in the automobile industry is volatile, which may lead to lower vehicle unit sales and adversely affect our operating results.
volatility of demand in the automobile industry may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. the markets in which we currently compete and plan to compete in the future have been subject to considerable volatility in demand in recent periods. demand for automobile sales depends to a large extent on general, economic, political and social conditions in a given market and the introduction of new vehicles and technologies. as a low volume producer, we have less financial resources than more established automobile manufacturers to withstand changes in the market and disruptions in demand. as our business grows, economic conditions and trends in other countries and regions where we currently or will sell our electric vehicles, such as europe and asia, will impact our business, prospects and operating results as well. demand for our electric vehicles may also be affected by factors directly impacting automobile price or the cost of purchasing and operating automobiles, such as sales and financing incentives, prices of raw materials and parts and components, cost of fuel and governmental regulations, including tariffs, import regulation and other taxes. volatility in demand may lead to lower vehicle unit sales and increased inventory, which may result in further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. these effects may have a more pronounced impact on our business given our relatively smaller scale and financial resources as compared to many incumbent automobile manufacturers.
if we are unable to establish and maintain confidence in our long-term business prospects among consumers, analysts and within our industry, then our financial condition, operating results, business prospects and stock price may suffer materially.
our vehicles are highly technical products that require maintenance and support. if we were to cease or cut back operations, even years from now, buyers of our vehicles from years earlier might have much more difficulty in maintaining their vehicles and obtaining satisfactory support. as a result, consumers may be less likely to purchase our vehicles now if they are not convinced that our business will succeed or that our operations will continue for many years. similarly, suppliers and other third parties will be less likely to invest time and resources in developing business relationships with us if they are not convinced that our business will succeed. if we are required to curtail our expansion plans in the future as we have done in the past, this may result in negative perceptions regarding our long-term business prospects and may lead to cancellations of model s or model x orders and reservations.
accordingly, in order to build and maintain our business, we must maintain confidence among customers, suppliers, analysts and other parties in our liquidity and long-term business prospects. in contrast to some more established automakers, we believe that, in our case, the task of maintaining such confidence may be particularly complicated by factors such as the following:
●   our limited operating history;
●   unfamiliarity with or uncertainty about model x and future tesla vehicles;
●   uncertainty about the long-term marketplace acceptance of alternative fuel vehicles generally, or electric vehicles specifically;
●   the perceived prospect that we will need ongoing infusions of external capital to fund our planned operations;
●   the size of our expansion plans in comparison to our existing capital base and scope and history of operations; and
●   the prospect or actual emergence of direct, sustained competitive pressure from more established automakers, which may be more likely if our initial efforts are perceived to be commercially successful.
many of these factors are largely outside our control, and any negative perceptions about our long-term business prospects, even if exaggerated or unfounded, would likely harm our business and make it more difficult to raise additional funds when needed.
we have limited experience servicing our vehicles, especially in certain regions outside of the united states, and we are using a different service model from the one typically used in the industry. if we are unable to address the service requirements of our existing and future customers, our business will be materially and adversely affected.
if we are unable to successfully address the service requirements of our existing and future customers and meet customer expectations regarding service, our business and prospects will be materially and adversely affected. we have limited experience servicing our vehicles, especially in europe and asia. servicing electric vehicles is different than servicing vehicles with internal combustion engines and requires specialized skills, including high voltage training and servicing techniques. if we are unable to satisfactorily service our customers and the various service related issues that they are facing and may face in the future, our ability to generate customer loyalty, grow our business and sell additional vehicles could be impaired.
we service our performance electric vehicles through our company-owned tesla service centers, certain of our stores, and through our mobile service technicians known as the tesla rangers. however, certain service centers have been open for short periods, such as those outside of the united states, and to date we have only limited experience servicing our performance vehicles at these locations. we will need to open new standalone service centers in locations around the world and hire and train significant numbers of new employees to staff these service centers and act as tesla rangers in order to successfully maintain our fleet of delivered performance electric vehicles. we only implemented our tesla rangers program in october 2009 and have limited experience in deploying them to service our customers' vehicles. there can be no assurance that these service arrangements or our limited experience servicing our vehicles will adequately address the service requirements of our customers to their satisfaction, or that we will have sufficient resources to meet these service requirements in a timely manner as the volume of vehicles we are able to deliver annually increases.
we do not expect to be able to open tesla service centers in all the geographic areas in which our existing and potential customers may reside. in order to address the service needs of customers who are not in geographical proximity to our service centers, we plan to either transport those vehicles to the nearest tesla store or service center for servicing or deploy our mobile tesla rangers to service the vehicles at the customer's location. these special arrangements may be expensive and we may not be able to recoup the costs of providing these services to our customers. in addition, a number of potential customers may choose not to purchase our vehicles because of the lack of a more widespread service network. if we do not adequately address our customers' service needs, our brand and reputation will be adversely affected, which in turn, could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
traditional automobile manufacturers in the united states do not provide maintenance and repair services directly. consumers must rather service their vehicles through franchised dealerships or through third party maintenance service providers. we do not have any such arrangements with third party service providers and it is unclear when or even whether such third party service providers will be able to acquire the expertise to service our vehicles. at this point, we anticipate that we will be providing substantially all of the service for our vehicles for the foreseeable future. as our vehicles are placed in more locations, we may encounter negative reactions from our consumers who are frustrated that they cannot use local service stations to the same extent as they have with their conventional automobiles and this frustration may result in negative publicity and reduced sales, thereby harming our business and prospects.
in addition, the motor vehicle industry laws in many states require that service facilities be available with respect to vehicles physically sold from locations in the state. whether these laws would also require that service facilities be available with respect to vehicles sold over the internet to consumers in a state in which we have no physical presence is uncertain. while we believe our tesla ranger program and our practice of transporting customers' vehicles to our nearest tesla service center would satisfy regulators in these circumstances, without seeking formal regulatory guidance, there are no assurances that regulators will not attempt to require that we provide physical service facilities in their states. further, certain state franchise laws which prohibit manufacturers from being licensed as a dealer or acting in the capacity of dealer also restrict manufacturers from providing vehicle service. if issues arise in connection with these laws, certain aspects of tesla's service program would need to be restructured to comply with state law, which may harm our business.
we may not succeed in maintaining and strengthening the tesla brand, which would materially and adversely affect customer acceptance of our vehicles and components and our business, revenues and prospects.
our business and prospects are heavily dependent on our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the tesla brand. any failure to develop, maintain and strengthen our brand may materially and adversely affect our ability to sell the model s, model x, model 3 and other future planned electric vehicles, and sell our electric powertrain components. if we do not continue to establish, maintain and strengthen our brand, we may lose the opportunity to build a critical mass of customers. promoting and positioning our brand will likely depend significantly on our ability to provide high quality electric cars and maintenance and repair services, and we have very limited experience in these areas. any problems associated with the toyota rav4 ev and mercedes-benz b-class ev, both of which use a tesla powertrain, or the model x may hurt the tesla brand.
in addition, we expect that our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the tesla brand will also depend heavily on the success of our marketing efforts. to date, we have limited experience with marketing activities as we have relied primarily on the internet, word of mouth and attendance at industry trade shows to promote our brand. to further promote our brand, we may be required to change our marketing practices, which could result in substantially increased advertising expenses, including the need to use traditional media such as television, radio and print. the automobile industry is intensely competitive, and we may not be successful in building, maintaining and strengthening our brand. many of our current and potential competitors, particularly automobile manufacturers headquartered in detroit, japan and the european union, have greater name recognition, broader customer relationships and substantially greater marketing resources than we do. if we do not develop and maintain a strong brand, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially and adversely impacted.
if our vehicle owners customize our vehicles or change the charging infrastructure with aftermarket products, the vehicle may not operate properly, which could harm our business.
automobile enthusiasts may seek to "hack" our vehicles to modify its performance which could compromise vehicle safety systems. also, we are aware of customers who have customized their vehicles with after-market parts that may compromise driver safety. for example, some customers have installed seats that elevate the driver such that airbag and other safety systems could be compromised. other customers have changed wheels and tires, while others have installed large speaker systems that may impact the electrical systems of the vehicle. we have not tested, nor do we endorse, such changes or products. in addition, customer use of improper external cabling or unsafe charging outlets can expose our customers to injury from high voltage electricity. such unauthorized modifications could reduce the safety of our vehicles and any injuries resulting from such modifications could result in adverse publicity which would negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
our plan to expand our network of tesla stores, service centers and superchargers will require significant cash investments and management resources and may not meet our expectations with respect to additional sales of our electric vehicles. in addition, we may not be able to open stores or service centers in certain states or superchargers in desired locations.
our plan to expand our network of tesla stores, service centers and superchargers will require significant cash investments and management resources and may not meet our expectations with respect to additional sales of our electric vehicles. this ongoing global expansion may not have the desired effect of increasing sales and expanding our brand presence to the degree we are anticipating. furthermore, there can be no assurances that we will be able to expand on the budget or timeline we have established. we will also need to ensure we are in compliance with any regulatory requirements applicable to the sale and service of our vehicles in those jurisdictions, which could take considerable time and expense. if we experience any delays in expanding our network of tesla stores, service centers and superchargers, this could lead to a decrease in sales of our vehicles and could negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. we have opened tesla stores and service centers in major metropolitan areas throughout north america, europe and asia, and we plan to open additional stores and service centers worldwide to support our ongoing worldwide model s rollout. we have also rapidly expanded our supercharger network in the u.s., europe and china. however, we may not be able to expand at a sufficient rate and our planned expansion will require significant cash investment and management resources, as well as efficiency in the execution of establishing these locations and in hiring and training the necessary employees to effectively sell and service our vehicles.
furthermore, certain states and foreign jurisdictions may have permit requirements, franchise dealer laws or similar laws or regulations that may preclude or restrict our ability to open stores or sell vehicles out of such states and jurisdictions. any such prohibition or restriction may lead to decreased sales in such jurisdictions, which could harm our business, prospects and operating results. see risk factor "we may face regulatory limitations on our ability to sell vehicles directly or over the internet which could materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our electric vehicles." additionally, we may face potential difficulties in finding suitable supercharger sites in desired locations, negotiating leases or obtaining required permits for such locations.
we face risks associated with our international operations and expansion, including unfavorable regulatory, political, tax and labor conditions and establishing ourselves in new markets, all of which could harm our business.
we face various risks associated with our international operations and expansion. we currently have international operations and subsidiaries in various countries and jurisdictions in europe and asia that are subject to the legal, political, regulatory and social requirements and economic conditions in these jurisdictions. additionally, as part of our growth strategy, we will continue to expand our sales, maintenance, repair and supercharger services internationally, particularly in china. however, we have limited experience to date selling and servicing our vehicles internationally, as well as limited experience installing and operating superchargers internationally, and international expansion requires us to make significant expenditures, including the establishment of local operating entities, hiring of local employees and establishing facilities in advance of generating any revenue. we are subject to a number of risks associated with international business activities that may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our electric vehicles and require significant management attention. these risks include:
●   conforming our vehicles to various international regulatory and safety requirements where our vehicles are sold, or homologation;
●   difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations;
●   difficulties attracting customers in new jurisdictions;
●   foreign government taxes, regulations and permit requirements, including foreign taxes that we may not be able to offset against taxes imposed upon us in the united states, and foreign tax and other laws limiting our ability to repatriate funds to the united states;
●   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, including risks related to any interest rate swap or other hedging activities we undertake;
●   our ability to enforce our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the united states, japan and european countries, which increases the risk of unauthorized, and uncompensated, use of our technology;
●   united states and foreign government trade restrictions, customs regulations, tariffs and price or exchange controls;
●   foreign labor laws, regulations and restrictions;
●   preferences of foreign nations for domestically produced vehicles;
●   changes in diplomatic and trade relationships;
●   political instability, natural disasters, war or events of terrorism; and
additionally, as we have expanded into new international markets, we have faced challenges with ensuring that our charging equipment works successfully with the charging infrastructure in such markets. for example, we have encountered such challenges in norway and china.  if customers experience problems with the way our charging equipment works with the local charging infrastructure, or we are unable to adapt our equipment to resolve such problems, then the viability and acceptance of our vehicles in such markets could be materially and adversely affected.
if we fail to successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed.
developments in alternative technologies or improvements in the internal combustion engine may materially adversely affect the demand for our electric vehicles.
significant developments in alternative technologies, such as advanced diesel, ethanol, hydrogen, fuel cells or compressed natural gas, or improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine, may materially and adversely affect our business and prospects in ways we do not currently anticipate. any failure by us to develop new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to react to changes in existing technologies, could materially delay our development and introduction of new and enhanced electric vehicles, which could result in the loss of competitiveness of our vehicles, decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors.
the unavailability, reduction or elimination of, or uncertainty regarding, government and economic incentives in the u.s. and abroad could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
any reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives due to policy changes the reduced need for such incentives as the customer base of our electric vehicles expands, fiscal tightening or other reasons may result in the diminished competitiveness of the alternative fuel vehicle industry generally or our electric vehicles in particular. such reduction or elimination of incentives could materially and adversely affect our growth as well because our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results, as our growth depends, in part, on the availability and amounts of government incentives. for example, we currently benefit from certain exemptions in the united states, such as the california state sales and use taxes. similarly, government programs in europe favor the purchase of electric vehicles, including through disincentives that discourage the use of gas-powered vehicles. in norway, for example, the purchase of electric vehicles is not currently subject to import taxes, taxes on non-recurring vehicle fees, the 25% value added tax or the purchase taxes that apply to the purchase of gas-powered vehicles. if such government programs are reduced or eliminated, or the available benefits thereunder are exhausted earlier than anticipated, sales of all electric vehicles, including our model s, could be adversely affected. in addition, customers in certain markets may delay taking delivery of their tesla vehicles if they believe that certain electric vehicle incentives will be available at a later date, which may negatively affect our ability to achieve our planned delivery targets.
our strategic relationships with third parties, such as panasonic, are subject to various risks which could adversely affect our business and future prospects.
our strategic relationships third parties, such as panasonic which supplies us with battery cells for use in model s and model x and is our partner in the gigafactory, pose various risks to us, including potential loss of access to important technology and vehicle parts, potential loss of business and adverse publicity. in addition, these third parties may not perform as expected under our agreements with them, such as with respect to vehicle parts quality of timeliness, and we may have disagreements or disputes with these third parties. the occurrence of any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
the operation of our vehicles is different from internal combustion engine vehicles and our customers may experience difficulty operating them properly, including difficulty transitioning between different methods of braking.
we have designed our vehicles to minimize inconvenience and inadvertent driver damage to the powertrain. in certain instances, these protections may cause the vehicle to behave in ways that are unfamiliar to drivers of internal combustion vehicles. for example, we employ regenerative braking to recharge the battery pack in most modes of vehicle operation. our customers may become accustomed to using this regenerative braking instead of the wheel brakes to slow the vehicle. however, when the vehicle is at maximum charge, the regenerative braking is not needed and is not employed by the vehicle. accordingly, our customers may have difficulty shifting between different methods of braking. in addition, we use safety mechanisms to limit motor torque when the powertrain system reaches elevated temperatures. in such instances, the vehicle's acceleration and speed will decrease. finally, if the driver permits the battery pack to substantially deplete its charge, the vehicle will progressively limit motor torque and speed to preserve the charge that remains. the vehicle will lose speed and ultimately coast to a stop. despite several warnings about an imminent loss of charge, the ultimate loss of speed may be unexpected.
there can be no assurance that our customers will operate the vehicles properly, especially in these situations. any accidents resulting from such failure to operate our vehicles properly could harm our brand and reputation, result in adverse publicity and product liability claims, and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. in addition, if consumers dislike these features, they may choose not to buy additional cars from us, which could also harm our business and prospects.
if we are unable to keep up with advances in electric vehicle technology, we may suffer a decline in our competitive position.
we may be unable to keep up with changes in electric vehicle technology and, as a result, may suffer a decline in our competitive position. any failure to keep up with advances in electric vehicle technology would result in a decline in our competitive position which would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. our research and development efforts may not be sufficient to adapt to changes in electric vehicle technology. as technologies change, we plan to upgrade or adapt our vehicles and introduce new models in order to continue to provide vehicles with the latest technology, in particular battery cell technology. however, our vehicles may not compete effectively with alternative vehicles if we are not able to source and integrate the latest technology into our vehicles. for example, we do not currently manufacture battery cells, which makes us dependent upon other suppliers of battery cell technology for our battery packs.
if we are unable to attract and/or retain key employees and hire qualified management, technical, vehicle engineering and manufacturing personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed and our stock price may decline.
the loss of the services of any of our key employees could disrupt our operations, delay the development and introduction of our vehicles and services, and negatively impact our business, prospects and operating results as well as cause our stock price to decline. in particular, we are highly dependent on the services of elon musk, our chief executive officer, product architect and chairman of our board of directors, and jb straubel, our chief technical officer. none of our key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully attract and retain senior leadership necessary to grow our business. our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain our executive officers and other key technology, sales, marketing, engineering, manufacturing and support personnel and any failure to do so could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. we have in the past and may in the future experience difficulty in retaining members of our senior management team as well as technical, vehicle engineering and manufacturing personnel due to various factors, such as a very competitive labor market for talented individuals with automotive experience. in addition, we do not have "key person" life insurance policies covering any of our officers or other key employees.
currently in northern california, there is increasing competition for talented individuals with the specialized knowledge of electric vehicles, software engineers, manufacturing engineers and other skilled employees and this competition affects both our ability to retain key employees and hire new ones. our continued success depends upon our continued ability to hire new employees in a timely manner and retain current employees. additionally, we compete with many mature and prosperous companies in northern california that have far greater financial resources than we do and thus can offer current or perspective employees more lucrative incentive packages than we can. any difficulties in retaining current employees or recruiting new ones would have an adverse effect on our performance.
we are highly dependent on the services of elon musk, our chief executive officer, product architect, chairman of our board of directors and largest stockholder. although mr. musk spends significant time with tesla and is highly active in our management, he does not devote his full time and attention to tesla. mr. musk also currently serves as chief executive officer and chief technical officer of space exploration technologies, a developer and manufacturer of space launch vehicles, and chairman of solarcity, a solar equipment installation company.
we are subject to various environmental and safety laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and negatively impact our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities.
as an automobile manufacturer, we are subject to national, state, provincial and/or local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including laws relating to the use, handling, storage, disposal and human exposure to hazardous materials, both in the united states and abroad. environmental and health and safety laws and regulations can be complex, and we expect that our business and operations will be affected by new, or future amendments to, such laws that may require us to change our operations, potentially resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. these laws can give rise to liability for administrative oversight costs, cleanup costs, property damage, bodily injury and associated fines and penalties. capital and operating expenses needed to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations can be significant, and violations of those laws may result in substantial fines and penalties, third party damages, suspension of production or a cessation of our operations. these expenses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results.
contamination at properties formerly owned or operated by us, as well as at properties we will own and operate, and properties to which hazardous substances were sent by us, may result in liability for us under environmental laws and regulations, including, but not limited to the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act (cercla).  the government can impose liability on us under cercla for the full amount of remediation-related costs of a contaminated site without regard to fault.  such costs can include those associated with the investigation and cleanup of contaminated soil, ground water and buildings as well as to reverse impacts to human health and damages to natural resources.
we may also face unexpected delays in obtaining the necessary permits and approvals required by environmental laws in connection with our manufacturing facilities that could require significant time and financial resources and negatively impact our ability to operate these facilities, which would adversely impact our business prospects and operating results. as the owner of the tesla factory and surrounding land, we may be responsible under federal and state laws and regulations for the entire investigation and remediation of any environmental contamination at the tesla factory, whether it occurred before or after the date we purchased the property. when tesla purchased the property, the previous owner and operator of the tesla factory, new united motor manufacturing, inc. (nummi), identified environmental conditions at the tesla factory that could adversely affect soil and groundwater, and agreed to remediate these conditions. although nummi stated that it fully documented and managed all environmental issues at the tesla factory, we cannot determine with certainty the truth of this statement, nor the total costs to remediate any pre-existing contamination that may eventually be found.  we have reached an agreement with nummi under which, over a ten year period, we will pay the first $15.0 million of any costs of any governmentally-required remediation activities for contamination that existed prior to the closing of the purchase for any known or unknown environmental conditions (remediation activities), and nummi has agreed to pay the next $15.0 million for such remediation activities. our agreement provides, in part, that nummi will pay up to the first $15.0 million on our behalf if such expenses are incurred in the first four years of our agreement, subject to our reimbursement of such costs on the fourth anniversary date of the closing.
on either the ten-year anniversary of the closing or whenever $30.0 million has been spent on remediation activities, whichever comes first, nummi's liability to us with respect to remediation activities ceases, and we are responsible for any and all environmental conditions at the fremont site. at that point in time, we have agreed to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless nummi from all liability, including attorney fees, or any costs or penalties it may incur arising out of or in connection with any claim relating to environmental conditions and we have released nummi for any known or unknown claims except for nummi's obligations for representations and warranties under the agreement.
there are no assurances that nummi will perform its obligations under our agreement and nummi's failure to perform would require us to undertake these obligations at a potentially significant cost.  such performance may also adversely affect the production capacity of, and our ability to operate, the tesla factory. any remediation activities or other environmental conditions at the fremont site could harm our operations and the future use and value of the fremont site and could delay our production plans for model s.
our business may be adversely affected by union activities.
although none of our employees are currently represented by a labor union, it is common throughout the automobile industry generally for many employees at automobile companies to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. our employees may join or seek recognition to form a labor union, or we may be required to become a union signatory. our automobile production facility in fremont, california was purchased from nummi. prior employees of nummi were union members and our future work force at this facility may be inclined to vote in favor of forming a labor union. we also own and operate another component manufacturing facility in lathrop, california.  furthermore, we are directly or indirectly dependent upon companies with unionized work forces, such as parts suppliers and trucking and freight companies, and work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. if a work stoppage occurs, it could delay the manufacture and sale of our performance electric vehicles and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results or financial condition. the mere fact that our labor force could be unionized may harm our reputation in the eyes of some investors and thereby negatively affect our stock price. consequently, the unionization of our labor force could negatively impact the company's health.
we are subject to substantial regulation, which is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could substantially harm our business and operating results.
the production and sale of motor vehicles, in general and specifically related to electric vehicles, are subject to substantial regulation under international, federal, state, and local laws. we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs in complying with these regulations.
regulations related to the electric vehicle industry and alternative energy are currently evolving and we face risks associated with changes to these regulations. in the united states, the following are examples of regulatory and statutory issues facing us:
●   the imposition of a carbon tax or the introduction of a cap-and-trade system on electric utilities could increase the cost of electricity;
●   increasingly stringent clean air act emission regulations affecting power plants used to generate electricity could increase the cost of electricity;
●   changes to the regulations governing the assembly and transportation of lithium-ion battery packs, such as the un recommendations of the safe transport of dangerous goods model regulations or regulations adopted by the u.s. pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration (phmsa) could increase the cost of lithium-ion battery packs or restrict their transport;
●   the amendment or rescission of the federal law and regulations mandating increased fuel economy in the united states, referred to as the corporate average fuel economy (cafe) standards, could reduce new business opportunities for our powertrain sales and development activities;
●   the amendment or rescission of federal greenhouse gas tailpipe emission regulations administered by epa under the authority of the clean air act could reduce new business opportunities for our powertrain sales and development activities;
●   the amendment or rescission of california's zero emission vehicle (zev) regulations administered by the california air resources board under the california health &amp; safety code could reduce new business opportunities for our powertrain sales and development activities, as well as our ability to monetize zev credits not only in california, but also in the eleven additional states that have adopted the california program;
●   increased sensitivity by regulators to the needs of established automobile manufacturers with large employment bases, high fixed costs and business models based on the internal combustion engine could lead them to pass regulations that could reduce the compliance costs of such established manufacturers or mitigate the effects of government efforts to promote alternative fuel vehicles;
●   changes to the vehicle-specific federal motor vehicle safety standards, which govern how all motor vehicles are made within the united states, could result in costly changes to how current vehicles are produced; and
●   changes to regulations governing the export of our products could increase our delivery costs to outside the united states or force us to charge consumers in such jurisdictions a higher price for our vehicles.
in addition, as the automotive industry moves towards greater use of electronics in vehicle systems, nhtsa and other regulatory bodies may regulate these electronic systems more stringently, particularly as concerns about distracted driving increase. such concerns could affect use of electronic systems in model s, such as the 17 inch display screen, which could reduce the appeal of model s or require adjustments to the display screen's functionality.
as we are currently delivering vehicles in europe and asia, we are subject to laws and regulations applicable to the import, sale and service of automobiles in those regions. for example, we are required to meet vehicle-specific safety standards that are often materially different from u.s. requirements, thus resulting in additional investment into the vehicles and systems to ensure regulatory compliance. unlike in the u.s. where we self-certify our vehicles' compliance with standards, we must obtain advanced approval from regulatory agencies regarding the proper certification or homologation of our vehicles to enter into these markets. this process necessitates that foreign regulatory officials review and certify our vehicles prior to market entry. in addition, we must comply with regulations applicable to vehicles after they enter the market, including foreign reporting requirements and recall management systems.
to the extent u.s. or international laws change, some or all of our vehicles may not comply with any new applicable international, federal, state or local laws, which would have an adverse effect on our business. compliance with changing regulations could be burdensome, time consuming, and expensive. to the extent compliance with new regulations is cost prohibitive, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected.
we retain certain personal information about our customers and may be subject to various privacy and consumer protection laws.
our collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personal information of our customers is subject to federal, state, and international laws. these laws continue to be enacted and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with changing international laws may cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to legal liability or require us to change our business practices. our privacy policy is posted on our website, and any failure by us or our vendor or other business partners to comply with it or with federal, state or international privacy, data protection or security laws or regulations could result in regulatory or litigation-related actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages and other costs. although we take steps to protect the security of our customers' personal information, we may be required to expend significant resources to comply with data breach requirements if third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our customers or we otherwise experience a data loss with respect to customers' personal information. a major breach of our network security and systems could have serious negative consequences for our businesses and future prospects, including possible fines, penalties and damages, reduced customer demand for our vehicles, and harm to our reputation and brand.
we may be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other actions, which could adversely affect our brand image and financial performance.
any product recall in the future may result in adverse publicity, damage our brand and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. we previously experienced product recalls in may 2009, october 2010 and june 2013, none of which was related to our electric powertrain. in april 2009, we determined that a condition caused by insufficient torqueing of the rear inner hub flange bolt existed in some of our tesla roadsters, as a result of a missed process during the manufacture of the tesla roadster glider. in october 2010, we initiated a product recall after the 12 volt, low voltage auxiliary cable in a single vehicle chafed against the edge of a carbon fiber panel in the vehicle causing a short, smoke and possible fire behind the right front headlamp of the vehicle. in june 2013, we initiated a recall of slightly more than one thousand model s vehicles to inspect and repair rear seat strikers that may have been compromised during the assembly process. rear seat strikers are used to retain the rear seat backs in an upright position. failure of this component may have resulted in collapse of the rear seat back during a crash. finally, in january 2014, we implemented a firmware update to address issues with certain universal mobile connector nema 14-50 adapters, which are part of the charging units and are not part of the vehicles themselves, potentially overheating during charging. in the future, we may at various times, voluntarily or involuntarily, initiate a recall if any of our vehicles, including model s, or our electric powertrain components prove to be defective or noncompliant with applicable federal motor vehicle safety standards. such recalls, voluntary or involuntary, involve significant expense and diversion of management attention and other resources, and could adversely affect our brand image in our target markets, as well as our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
our current and future warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims which could adversely affect our financial performance.
if our warranty reserves are inadequate to cover future warranty claims on our vehicles, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. warranty reserves include management's best estimate of the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty. these estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. these estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected experience may cause material changes to our warranty reserves in the future. subject to separate limited warranties for the supplemental restraint system and battery, we provide a four year or 50,000 mile new vehicle limited warranty for the purchasers of model s. the new vehicle limited warranty for model s also covers the drive unit for eight years and the battery for a period of eight years or 125,000 miles or unlimited miles, depending on the size of the vehicle's battery; although the battery's charging capacity is not covered under the new vehicle limited warranty or any extended service plan.
in addition, customers have the opportunity to purchase an extended service plan for the period after the end of the new vehicle limited warranty for model s to cover additional services for an additional four years or 50,000 miles, provided it is purchased within a specified period of time. the new vehicle limited warranty and extended service plans for the tesla roadster and model s are subject to certain limitations, exclusions or separate warranties, including certain wear items, such as tires, brake pads, paint and general appearance, and battery performance, and is intended to cover parts and labor to repair defects in material or workmanship in the vehicle including the body, chassis, suspension, interior, electronic systems, powertrain and brake system. we have previously provided our tesla roadster customers with a battery replacement option to replace the battery in their vehicles at any time after the expiration of the new vehicle limited warranty but before the tenth anniversary of the purchase date of their vehicles. additionally, in 2013, as part of our ongoing efforts to improve the customer ownership experience, we expanded the battery pack warranty and also eliminated the annual service requirement that was needed to keep the new vehicle limited warranty in effect. should this change in warranty coverage lead to an increase in warranty claims, we may need to record additional warranty reserves which would negatively affect our profitability.
our insurance strategy may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks.
we may be subject, in the ordinary course of business, to losses resulting from products liability, accidents, acts of god and other claims against us, for which we may have no insurance coverage. while we currently maintain general liability, automobile, property, workers' compensation, and directors' and officers' insurance policies, as a general matter, we do not maintain as much insurance coverage as many other companies do, and in some cases, we do not maintain any at all. additionally, the policies that we do have may include significant deductibles, and we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future claims against us. a loss that is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
our financial results may vary significantly from period-to-period due fluctuations in our operating costs and the seasonality of our business.
we expect our period-to-period operating results to vary based on our operating costs which we anticipate will increase significantly in future periods as we, among other things, design, develop and manufacture model x and future products, increase the production capacity at our manufacturing facilities to produce vehicles at higher volumes, develop the gigafactory, open new tesla service centers with maintenance and repair capabilities, open new supercharger locations, increase our sales and marketing activities, and increase our general and administrative functions to support our growing operations. as a result of these factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results, especially in the short-term, are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. moreover, our operating results may not meet expectations of equity research analysts or investors. if any of this occurs, the trading price of our common stock could fall substantially, either suddenly or over time.
additionally, sales of new cars in the automobile industry typically decline over the winter season and are generally higher during the spring and summer months. we anticipate that our sales of model s and future models may have similar seasonality, but our limited operating history makes it difficult for us to judge the exact nature or extent of the seasonality of our business. our operating results could also suffer if we do not achieve revenue consistent with our expectations for this seasonal demand because many of our expenses are based on anticipated levels of annual revenue.
unauthorized control or manipulation of our vehicles' systems may cause them to operate improperly or not at all, or compromise their safety and data security, which could result in loss of confidence in us and our vehicles and harm our business.
there have been reports of vehicles of other automobile manufacturers being "hacked" to grant access and operation of the vehicles to unauthorized persons and would-be thieves. our vehicles, and in particular model s, are technologically advanced machines requiring the interoperation of numerous complex and evolving hardware and software systems. subject to our customers' ability to opt out pursuant to our privacy policy, model s is designed with built-in data connectivity to accept and install periodic remote updates from us to improve or update the functionality of these systems. although we have designed, implemented and tested security measures to prevent unauthorized access to our vehicles and their systems, our information technology networks and communications with our vehicles may be vulnerable to interception, manipulation, damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by hackers or breaches due to errors by personnel who have access to our networks and systems. any such attacks or breaches could result in unexpected control of or changes to our vehicles' functionality, user interface and performance characteristics. hackers may also use similar means to gain access to data stored in or generated by the vehicle, such as its current geographical position, previous and stored destination address history and web browser "favorites." any such unauthorized control of vehicles or access to or loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings and negative publicity, which would negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
the range and power of our electric vehicles on a single charge declines over time, and this may negatively influence potential customers' decisions whether to purchase our vehicles.
the range and power of our electric vehicles on a single charge declines principally as a function of usage, time and charging patterns as well as other factors. how a customer uses their tesla vehicle, the frequency of recharging the battery pack at a low state of charge and the means of charging can result in additional deterioration of the battery pack's ability to hold a charge over the long term. for example, we currently expect that our battery pack for the tesla roadster will retain approximately 70% of its ability to hold its initial charge after approximately 100,000 miles or seven years, which will result in a decrease to the vehicle's initial range and power. preliminary internal testing and customer results of model s to date suggest that deterioration of the model s battery pack to be less than the roadster, however, such battery pack deterioration and the related decrease in range and power over time as well as any perceived deterioration or fluctuation in range may negatively influence potential customer decisions whether to purchase our vehicles, which may harm our ability to market and sell our vehicles.
we may need or want to raise additional funds and these funds may not be available to us when we need them. if we cannot raise additional funds when we need or want them, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected.
the design, manufacture, sale and servicing of automobiles is a capital intensive business. we expect that our principal sources of liquidity will provide us adequate liquidity based on our current plans. however, until we are consistently generating positive free cash flows, if the costs for developing and manufacturing model x exceed our expectations or if we incur any significant unplanned expenses or embark on or accelerate new significant strategic investments, such as the gigafactory, we may need to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities or through obtaining credit from government or financial institutions. this capital will be necessary to fund our ongoing operations, continue research and development projects, including those for our planned model x crossover and model 3 vehicle, establish sales and service centers, build and deploy superchargers and to make the investments in tooling and manufacturing capital required to introduce model x. we cannot be certain that additional funds will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. if we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
if we fail to effectively manage the residual, financing and credit risks for our recently launched model s leasing program, our business may suffer.
we recently introduced a leasing program in the united states and canada through our captive finance company, tesla finance. the profitability of the leasing program depends on our ability to accurately project residual values, secure adequate financing and/or business partners to fund and grow this program, and manage customer credit risk. if actual residual values of model s vehicles are below our estimates, we may suffer lower profitability or potentially have losses. if we are unable to adequately fund our leasing program with either internal funds or external financing sources, we may be unable to grow our sales. additionally, if we do not properly screen customers for ability to pay their leases on time, we may be exposed to excessive credit risks and associated losses. furthermore, if our leasing business grows substantially, our business may suffer if we cannot effectively manage the greater levels of residual and credit risks resulting from growth. finally, if we do not successfully monitor and comply with federal and state financial regulations and consumer protection laws governing lease transactions, we may become subject to enforcement actions or penalties, either of which may harm our business.
any failure to execute on the daimler b-class ev program could hurt our reputation as well as our profitability on this program.
we have worked with daimler to develop a full electric powertrain for a daimler mercedes-benz b-class ev vehicle. we have substantially completed our development services under this b-class program and commenced production of electric powertrains and battery packs for daimler. the supply agreement for these products contemplates customary obligations of us such as timely deliveries, warranty and product defect obligations. if we fail to meet these obligations, or if we exceed our current cost projections for producing these products, our profitability on this program will suffer and this could have a negative impact on our operating results.
we may face regulatory limitations on our ability to sell vehicles directly or over the internet which could materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our electric vehicles.
we sell our vehicles from our tesla stores as well as over the internet. we may not be able to sell our vehicles through this sales model in each state in the united states as many states have laws that may be interpreted to prohibit internet sales by manufacturers to residents of the state or to impose other limitations on this sales model, including laws that prohibit manufacturers from selling vehicles directly to consumers without the use of an independent dealership or without a physical presence in the state. in certain states in which we are not able to obtain dealer licenses, we have worked with state regulators to open galleries, which are locations where potential customers can view our vehicles but are not full retail locations. it is possible that a state regulator could later determine that the activities at our gallery constitute unlicensed sales of motor vehicles.
in many states, the application of state motor vehicle laws to our specific sales model is largely untested under state motor vehicle industry laws and is being determined by a fact specific analysis of numerous factors, including whether we have a physical presence or employees in the applicable state, whether we advertise or conduct other activities in the applicable state, how the sale transaction is structured, the volume of sales into the state, and whether the state in question prohibits manufacturers from acting as dealers. as a result of the fact specific and largely untested nature of these issues, and the fact that applying these laws intended for the traditional automobile distribution model to our sales model allows for some interpretation and discretion by the regulators, the manner in which the applicable authorities are applying their state laws to our distribution model continues to be difficult to predict. laws in some states have limited our ability to obtain dealer licenses from state motor vehicle regulators and may continue to do so.
in addition, decisions by regulators permitting us to sell vehicles may be subject to challenges as to whether such decisions comply with applicable state motor vehicle industry laws. for example, vehicle dealer associations in new york, ohio and massachusetts have filed lawsuits to revoke dealer licenses issued to us. these lawsuits have been dismissed, and in one recent court decision, the supreme court of massachusetts held that state franchise laws like the one in massachusetts do not restrict a manufacturer, like tesla, that does not use franchised dealers from selling its vehicles directly to consumers. such results have reinforced our continuing belief that state laws were not designed to prevent our distribution model. similar lawsuits have been filed in georgia and missouri. possible additional challenges in other states, if successful, could restrict or prohibit our ability to sell our vehicles to residents in such states. in some states, there have also been regulatory and legislative efforts by vehicle dealer associations to propose bills and regulations that, if enacted, would prevent us from obtaining dealer licenses in their states given our current sales model. such events recently occurred in new jersey, where the motor vehicle commission, at the behest of the local automobile dealer lobby, passed a new regulation which purported to invalidate our sales licenses in the state, and in michigan, where the state's automobile dealer association managed to add language into an unrelated bill that had the effect of impairing our right to sell vehicles through tesla stores in michigan. we have brought a lawsuit in new jersey to invalidate that regulation, which we believe to be unlawful, and we are evaluating legislative and litigation solutions to remedy the situation in michigan. other states, such as new york, ohio and pennsylvania, have passed legislation that clarifies our ability to operate, but at the same time limits the number of dealer licenses we can obtain or stores that we can operate.
we are also registered as both a motor vehicle manufacturer and dealer in canada, australia, and japan, and have obtained licenses to sell vehicles in other places such as hong kong and china. furthermore, while we have performed an analysis of the principal laws in the european union relating to our distribution model and believe we comply with such laws, we have not performed a complete analysis in all foreign jurisdictions in which we may sell vehicles. accordingly, there may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have entered that may restrict our sales or other business practices. even for those jurisdictions we have analyzed, the laws in this area can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time.
we may need to defend ourselves against patent or trademark infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and would cause us to incur substantial costs.
companies, organizations or individuals, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, sell or market our vehicles or components, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. from time to time, we may receive communications from holders of patents or trademarks regarding their proprietary rights. companies holding patents or other intellectual property rights may bring suits alleging infringement of such rights or otherwise assert their rights and urge us to take licenses. in addition, if we are determined to have infringed upon a third party's intellectual property rights, we may be required to do one or more of the following:
●   redesign our vehicles or other goods or services; or
●   establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services.
in the event of a successful claim of infringement against us and our failure or inability to obtain a license to the infringed technology or other intellectual property right, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. in addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
we may also face claims that our use of technology licensed or otherwise obtained from a third party infringes the rights of others. in such cases, we may seek indemnification from our licensors/suppliers under our contracts with them. however, indemnification may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our costs and losses, depending on our use of the technology, whether we choose to retain control over conduct of the litigation, and other factors.
our patent applications may not result in issued patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from interfering with our commercialization of our products.
the status of patents involves complex legal and factual questions and the breadth and effectiveness of patented claims is uncertain. we cannot be certain that we are the first creator of inventions covered by pending patent applications or the first to file patent applications on these inventions, nor can we be certain that our pending patent applications will result in issued patents or that any of our issued patents will afford sufficient protection against someone creating a knockoff of our products, or as a defense against a competitor who claims that we are infringing its patents. in addition, patent applications filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the united states, and thus we cannot be certain that foreign patent applications related to issued u.s. patents will result in issued patents in those foreign jurisdictions. in addition, others may obtain patents that we need to license or design around, either of which would increase costs and may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
our trademark applications in certain countries remain subject to outstanding opposition proceedings.
we currently sell and market our products and services in various countries under our tesla marks. we have filed trademark applications for our tesla marks and opposition proceedings to trademark applications of third parties in various countries in which we currently sell and plan to sell our products and services. certain of our trademark applications are subject to outstanding opposition proceedings brought by owners or applicants alleging prior applications for or use of similar marks. if we cannot resolve these oppositions and thereby secure registered rights in these countries, our ability to challenge third party users of the tesla marks will be reduced and the value of the marks representing our exclusive brand name in these countries will be diluted. in addition, there is a risk that the prior rights owners could in the future take actions to challenge our use of the tesla marks in these countries. such actions could have a severe impact on our position in these countries and may inhibit our ability to use the tesla marks in these countries. if we were prevented from using the tesla marks in any or all of these countries, we would need to expend significant additional financial and marketing resources on establishing an alternative brand identity in these markets.
our facilities or operations could be damaged or adversely affected as a result of disasters or unpredictable events.
our corporate headquarters in palo alto, tesla factory in fremont and additional component manufacturing facilities in lathrop are located in northern california, a region known for seismic activity. if major disasters such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, wars, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, pandemics or other events occur, or our information system or communications network breaks down or operates improperly, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. in addition, our lease for our palo alto facility permits the landlord to terminate the lease following a casualty event if the needed repairs are in excess of certain thresholds and we do not agree to pay for any uninsured amounts. we may incur expenses relating to such damages, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
if our suppliers fail to use ethical business practices and comply with applicable laws and regulations, our brand image could be harmed due to negative publicity.
our core values, which include developing the highest quality electric vehicles while operating with integrity, are an important component of our brand image, which makes our reputation particularly sensitive to allegations of unethical business practices. we do not control our independent suppliers or their business practices. accordingly, we cannot guarantee their compliance with ethical business practices, such as environmental responsibility, fair wage practices, appropriate sourcing of raw materials, and compliance with child labor laws, among others. a lack of demonstrated compliance could lead us to seek alternative suppliers, which could increase our costs and result in delayed delivery of our products, product shortages or other disruptions of our operations.
violation of labor or other laws by our suppliers or the divergence of an independent supplier's labor or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the united states or other markets in which we do business could also attract negative publicity for us and our brand. this could diminish the value of our brand image and reduce demand for our performance electric vehicles if, as a result of such violation, we were to attract negative publicity. if we, or other manufacturers in our industry, encounter similar problems in the future, it could harm our brand image, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
servicing our convertible senior notes requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt.
we incurred $660.0 million, $920.0 million and $1.38 billion, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of senior indebtedness when we issued pursuant to registered public offerings 1.50% convertible senior notes due 2018 (2018 notes) in 2013, and 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2019 (2019 notes) and 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2021 (2021 notes) in 2014. our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal when due, to make quarterly interest payments or to make payments upon conversion or to refinance the notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the notes and any future indebtedness we may incur and to make necessary capital expenditures. if we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. our ability to refinance the notes or future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. we may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on the notes or future indebtedness.
pursuant to their terms, holders may convert their notes at their option at any time prior to the final three-month period of the scheduled term of the respective notes only under certain circumstances. for example, holders may generally convert their notes at their option during a quarter (and only during such quarter), commencing with the fourth quarter of 2013 in the case of the 2018 notes and the third quarter of 2014 in the case of the 2019 notes and the 2021 notes, if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price for such series of notes on each applicable trading day. as a result of this conversion feature, the 2018 notes have been convertible at their holders' option during each quarter commencing with the fourth quarter of 2013, except the first quarter of 2014.  neither this nor any other conversion feature has been met with respect to the 2019 notes and 2021 notes, and consequently the 2019 notes and 2021 have not been convertible at their holders' option upon conversion of the notes, we will be obligated to make cash payments in respect of the principal amounts thereof, and we may also have to deliver cash and, if applicable, shares of our common stock, in respect of such notes. any conversion of the notes prior to their maturity, or acceleration of the repayment of the notes or future indebtedness after any applicable notice or grace periods could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, holders of the notes will have the right to require us to purchase their notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the fundamental change purchase date. however, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make purchases of notes surrendered therefor or notes being converted. in addition, our ability to purchase the notes or to pay cash upon conversions of the notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. our failure to purchase notes at a time when the purchase is required by the indenture or to pay cash payable on future conversions of the notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. if the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and purchase the notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof.
we may still incur substantially more debt or take other actions, which would intensify the risks discussed above.
we and our subsidiaries are not restricted under the terms of the indenture governing the notes, or the indenture, from incurring additional debt, securing existing or future debt, recapitalizing our debt or taking a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the indenture that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on the notes when due.
the classification of our notes may have a material effect on our reported financial results.
as described in the risk factor "servicing our convertible senior notes requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt," notes have been historically, and may become in the future, convertible at the option of their holders prior to their scheduled terms under certain circumstances.  even if holders do not elect to convert their notes, the notes become convertible prior to their scheduled maturity dates, we would be required to reclassify such notes and the related debt issuance costs as current liabilities and certain portions of our equity outside of equity to mezzanine equity, which would have an adverse impact on our reported financial results for such quarter, and could have an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock.
risks related to the ownership of our common stock concentration of ownership among our existing executive officers, directors and their affiliates may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions.
as of december 31, 2014, our executive officers, directors and their affiliates beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 28.0% of our outstanding shares of common stock. in particular, elon musk, our chief executive officer, product architect and chairman of our board of directors, beneficially owned approximately 26.7% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of december 31, 2014. as a result, these stockholders will be able to exercise a significant level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. this control could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company or changes in management and will make the approval of certain transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders.
our shares of common stock began trading on the nasdaq global select market in 2010 and, therefore, the trading history for our common stock has been limited. in addition, the trading price of our common stock has been highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. our common stock has experienced an intra-day trading high of $291.42 per share and a low of $177.22 per share over the last 52 weeks.
in addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of companies' stock, including ours, regardless of actual operating performance. these fluctuations may be even more pronounced in the trading market for our stock during the period following a securities offering. in addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. for example, a shareholder litigation like this was filed against us in 2013. while the trial court recently dismissed the plaintiffs' complaint with prejudice, this litigation (if the trial court's order is successfully appealed) or others like it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources.
a substantial portion of our total outstanding shares are held by a small number of insiders and investors and may be sold in the near future. the large number of shares eligible for public sale or subject to rights requiring us to register them for public sale could depress the market price of our common stock.
the market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market in the future, and the perception that these sales could occur may also depress the market price of our common stock. stockholders owning a substantial portion of our total outstanding shares are entitled, under contracts providing for registration rights, to require us to register shares of our common stock owned by them for public sale in the united states, subject to the restrictions of rule 144. in addition, we have registered shares previously issued or reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans and agreements, a portion of which are related to outstanding option awards. subject to the satisfaction of applicable exercise periods and the shares of common stock issued upon exercise of outstanding options will be available for immediate resale in the united states in the open market. sales of our common stock as restrictions end or pursuant to registration rights may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. these sales also could cause our stock price to fall and make it more difficult to sell shares of our common stock.
the conversion of some or all of the notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares upon conversion of any of the notes. as described in the risk factor "servicing our convertible senior notes requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt," notes have been historically, and may become in the future, convertible at the option of their holders prior to their scheduled terms under certain circumstances. any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. in addition, the existence of the notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock.
the convertible note hedge and warrant transactions we entered into in connection with the issuance of notes may affect the value of the notes and our common stock.
in connection with each issuance of the notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with the hedge counterparties. the convertible note hedge transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock that initially underlay the applicable notes. the convertible note hedge transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution and/or offset potential cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount upon conversion of the applicable notes. we also entered into warrant transactions with the hedge counterparties relating to the same number of shares of our common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. however, the warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect on our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants on the applicable expiration dates.
in addition, the hedge counterparties or their affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the applicable notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of notes). this activity could also cause or prevent an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the notes.
we do not make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that the transactions described above may have on the prices of the notes or the shares of our common stock. in addition, we do not make any representation that the hedge counterparties have engaged or will engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice.
mr. musk borrowed funds from affiliates of certain underwriters in our public offerings and/or private placements and has pledged shares of our common stock to secure these borrowings. the forced sale of these shares pursuant to a margin call could cause our stock price to decline and negatively impact our business.
beginning in june 2011, banking institutions that are affiliated with certain underwriters of our completed public offerings of common stock and notes made extensions of credit to elon musk and the elon musk revocable trust dated july 22, 2003, or the trust, a portion of which mr. musk used to purchase shares of common stock in our public offering in may 2013 and private placements in june 2011 and june 2013. interest on such loans accrues at market rates and the banking institutions received customary fees and expense reimbursements in connection with these loans.
we are not a party to these loans, which are full recourse against mr. musk and the trust and are secured by pledges of a portion of the tesla common stock currently owned by mr. musk and the trust and other shares of capital stock of unrelated entities owned by mr. musk and the trust. the terms of these loans were negotiated directly between mr. musk and the applicable banking institutions.
if the price of our common stock declines, mr. musk may be forced by one or more of the banking institutions to provide additional collateral for the loans or to sell shares of tesla common stock in order to remain within the margin limitations imposed under the terms of his loans. the loans between these banking institutions on the one hand, and mr. musk and the trust on the other hand, prohibit the non-pledged shares currently owned by mr. musk and the trust from being pledged to secure any other loans. these factors may limit mr. musk's ability to either pledge additional shares of tesla common stock or sell shares of tesla common stock as a means to avoid or satisfy a margin call with respect to his pledged tesla common stock in the event of a decline in our stock price that is large enough to trigger a margin call. any sales of common stock following a margin call that is not satisfied may cause the price of our common stock to decline further.
anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the provisions of delaware law, and the terms of our convertible notes could impair a takeover attempt.
our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, delaware law and the terms of our notes contain provisions which could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. our corporate governance documents include provisions:
●   authorizing "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by the board without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock;
●   limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers;
●   limiting the ability of our stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings;
●   requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors;
●   controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board and stockholder meetings; and
●   providing the board of directors with the express power to postpone previously scheduled annual meetings and to cancel previously scheduled special meetings.
these provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management.
as a delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of delaware law, including section 203 of the delaware general corporation law, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15% of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock.
any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock.
in addition, the terms of the convertible notes require us to repurchase the convertible notes in the event of a fundamental change. a takeover of our company would trigger an option of the holders of the convertible notes to require us to repurchase the convertible notes. this may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover of our company that would otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders or investors in the convertible notes.
the fundamental change repurchase feature of the notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial attempt to take over our company.
the terms of the notes require us to repurchase the notes in the event of a fundamental change. a takeover of our company would trigger options by the respective holders of the applicable notes to require us to repurchase such notes. this may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover of our company that would otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders or investors in the notes.
if securities or industry analysts publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely or cease to publish research or reports about us, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
the trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. if any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. if any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview and 2014 highlights we design, develop, manufacture and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, advanced electric vehicle powertrain components and stationary energy storage applications. we are currently producing and selling our second vehicle, the model s sedan. model s is a four door, five-passenger premium sedan that offers exceptional performance, functionality and attractive styling. the model s inherited many of the electric powertrain innovations we introduced with our first vehicle, the tesla roadster.  we commenced deliveries of model s in june 2012 and have delivered 56,768 vehicles through december 31, 2014. we recently announced the availability of our all-wheel drive dual motor model s and began delivery, starting with a performance-optimized version, in december 2014.
we are continuing to develop our model x crossover vehicle and intend to commence customer deliveries in the third quarter of 2015. after the model x, our goal is to introduce model 3, a lower priced sedan designed for the mass market, in 2017.
our primary source of revenue is from the sale of our vehicles. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized total revenues of $3.20 billion, an increase of $1.19 billion over total revenues of $2.01 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily driven by growth of model s deliveries worldwide.
gross margin for the year ended december 31, 2014 was 27.6%, a significant increase from 22.7% for the year ended december 31, 2013. higher vehicle production volume, supply chain efficiencies and component cost reductions, partially offset by one-time manufacturing inefficiencies associated with transitioning to our new final assembly line and introduction of all-wheel drive dual motor model s, contributed to higher gross margin in 2014.
research and development (r&d) expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $464.7 million, an increase from $232.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. r&d expenses in 2014 reflected our engineering work on model x as well as development work on our dual motor powertrain and other development programs including localization efforts for foreign markets. r&d expenses in 2013 reflected our activities on manufacturing process improvements, model s cost reductions, the right-hand drive model s and localization efforts for foreign markets, as well as development work on model x.
during 2014, we significantly increased our sales and service footprint worldwide, entered several new markets including china, as well as accelerated the rollout of our supercharging network. with the continued global expansion of our customer support infrastructure and the business in general in 2014, selling, general and administrative expenses were $603.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $285.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013.
management opportunities, challenges and risks orders, production and deliveries our orders for model s in 2014 significantly increased from the prior year as we expanded our operations internationally and introduced model s product enhancements.  in october 2014, we revealed our all-wheel drive dual motor model s and our autopilot system. this version of model s proved very popular, leading to over 10,000 unfulfilled orders as of january 1, 2015.  we expect that demand for model s will continue to increase worldwide as more people drive and become aware of our vehicles, as we grow our customer support infrastructure, and as we broaden the appeal of our products.
as of december 31, 2014, we had received almost 20,000 reservations for model x in advance of its planned introduction later this year.  we are continuing to test the beta model x prototypes, and plan to begin building and testing a small fleet of release candidate model x vehicles later in the first quarter of 2015.  our ability to launch the model x program on time and cost efficiently is dependent upon a variety of factors, including completion of production tooling, supplier readiness, engineering completion and the successful completion of our validation testing.
in order to meet this anticipated demand for both model s and model x, we are executing a plan to increase our combined model s and model x production capacity to over 2,000 units per week by the end of 2015. in august 2014, we began our production ramp by transitioning to our new final assembly line and upgrading our body center. we are planning further investments in production capacity during 2015, including building a new paint shop and a new body shop for model x. we expect our annual production will increase by over 50% each year for the next several years.
our recent production capacity expansion contributed to several weeks of production in excess of 1,000 vehicles per week during the last few months of 2014. however, the changeover to our new final assembly line during the third quarter of 2014 and the introduction of all-wheel drive dual motor model s onto this line during the fourth quarter of 2014 took longer than we expected.  consequently, we delivered fewer vehicles than we had planned in 2014.  during 2015, we plan to achieve significant efficiencies in model s production and begin production of model x with the intent of achieving a significantly faster initial production ramp than we achieved with model s.  any unexpected issues with the expansion of our production capacity or the launch and ramp of model x production could affect our ability to meet future delivery targets.
in addition to expanding our production, we expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles and improve our gross margin.  significant cost improvements for model s were achieved in 2013 and 2014, including part cost reductions as well as manufacturing efficiencies. we expect that this trend will continue as we execute on our roadmap. we expect that such improvements, when combined with a favorable mix of vehicles, will allow us to achieve a 30% gross margin on model s by the end of 2015, assuming no further deterioration in foreign currencies.  however, we expect these cost improvements will be partially offset by production inefficiencies during the introduction of model x.  during our product introductions in 2014, we incurred manufacturing inefficiencies which negatively impacted our gross margin.  when we introduce model x, we expect that both production inefficiencies and supply chain inefficiencies typical of a new product introduction will suppress model x margins for at least a few quarters after its introduction.  if we are not able to achieve the planned cost reductions from our various cost savings and process improvement initiatives or introduce model x efficiently, our ability to reach our gross margin goals would be negatively affected.
we expect to deliver approximately 55,000 model s and x vehicles worldwide in 2015, approximately 74% more deliveries than we achieved in 2014.  to support this growth, we plan to continue to expand our supercharger, stores and service infrastructure worldwide as well as to provide better service in areas with a high concentration of model s customers.  as we now offer model s in countries throughout north america, europe and asia, our expansion will primarily occur in geographic areas in which we already have a presence.  based on our current projections, we expect our long-term sales outside of north america will increase to almost half of our worldwide automotive sales.  despite initial challenges in china, we plan to continue to invest in our infrastructure in china as we believe that the country could be one of our largest markets within a few years.  however, as compared to markets in the united states and europe, we have relatively limited experience in asian markets; thus, we may face continuing difficulties meeting our future expansion plans in asia.
trends in capital expenditures and operating expenses our capital expenditures and operating expenses significantly increased in 2014.  as we continue to invest in the long term growth of tesla, capital spending and operating expenses will continue to increase, but at a more moderate pace than in 2014.  during 2015, capital expenditures are expected to be about $1.5 billion as we expand production capacity, complete model x development, and invest in the gigafactory, our stores and service centers.  we also plan to grow our supercharger network by over 50% this year as well as continue other product development programs, including model 3.
our operating expenses will continue to grow in 2015, but at less than half the pace of growth in 2014, or approximately 45% to 50% annualized.  our r&d expenses in particular will continue to increase as we complete the development, validation, and testing of model x and accelerate design and engineering work on model 3. growth of sales, general and administrative expenses will be more modest as we will be particularly focused on increasing operational efficiency while we continue to expand our customer and corporate infrastructure.  over time, we expect overall operating expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue.
as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 the net book value of our supercharger network was $107.8 million and $25.6 million and currently includes 380 locations globally. we plan to continue investing in our supercharger network for the foreseeable future, including in north america, europe and asia and expect such spending to be approximately 5% of total capital spending over the next 12 months. we allocate supercharger related expenses to cost of revenues automotive sales and selling, general, and administrative expenses. these costs were immaterial for all periods presented.
customer financing options we offer loans and leases in north america, europe and asia primarily through various financial institutions.  in 2013, we began offering a resale value guarantee in connection with certain loans offered by financial institutions and have since provided this guarantee to approximately 10,400 model s customers. model s deliveries with the resale value guarantee currently do not impact our cash flows and liquidity, since we receive the full amount of cash for the vehicle sales price at delivery. however, this program requires the deferral of revenues and costs into future periods under lease accounting. although lease accounting will continue to impact our revenues and operating results as this and similar programs initially ramp up, as time passes, the amortization of existing deferred revenues and costs will begin to partially offset this adverse impact. furthermore, while we do not assume any credit risk related to the customer, we are exposed to the risk that the vehicles' resale value may be lower than our estimates and the volume of vehicles returned to us may be higher than our estimates which could adversely impact our gross margin.
we currently offer leases in the u.s. directly from tesla finance, our captive financing entity, as well as through a bank partner.  leasing through tesla finance is now available in 37 states, the district of columbia and in 4 provinces of canada. we leased approximately 1,150 vehicles through tesla finance during 2014 and about approximately 200 vehicles through our banking partner.  leasing through both tesla finance and our banking partner exposes us to residual value risk and will adversely impact our near-term revenues and operating results by requiring the deferral of revenues and costs into future periods under lease accounting. in addition, for leases offered directly from tesla finance (but not for those offered through our bank partner), we will not receive the full amount of the cash for the vehicle price at delivery and will assume customer credit risk. we expect to increase our leasing activities during 2015.
we have set the residual values given to our customers under our resale value guarantee program at what we estimate will be the trade-in value of these vehicles at the end of the term of the option.  based on current market demand for our cars, we estimate the resale prices for our vehicles will continue to be above our resale value guarantee amounts.  should market values or customer demand decrease, these estimates may be impacted materially.
the tesla gigafactory we are developing the tesla gigafactory, a facility where we intend to work together with our suppliers to integrate battery precursor material, cell, module and battery pack production in one location. in june 2014, we broke ground on the gigafactory outside of reno, nevada. construction continued during the end of 2014 at an accelerated pace with first cells expected to be produced in 2016 for use in model s and model x.
while our plan is to produce lithium-ion cells and finished battery packs at the gigafactory, our plans for such production are at a very early stage. we have no experience in the production of lithium-ion cells, and accordingly we intend to engage partners with significant experience in cell production. we recently formalized our agreement with panasonic to partner on the gigafactory. panasonic will invest in production equipment that it will use to manufacture and supply us with battery cells. we will prepare and provide the land, buildings and utilities for the gigafactory, invest in production equipment for battery module and pack production and be responsible for the overall management of the gigafactory. we anticipate bringing on additional partners for the gigafactory to create a fully integrated industrial complex. although planning discussions with production and supply chain partners continue to progress well, to date we have not formalized any agreements with any other partners. in addition, the cost of building and operating the gigafactory could exceed our current expectations and the gigafactory may take longer to bring online than we anticipate.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. we base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. to the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. we believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity than our other accounting policies. accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
revenue recognition automotive sales we recognize automotive sales revenue from sales of model s, including vehicle options, accessories and destination charges, vehicle service and sales of regulatory credits, such as zev and greenhouse gas emission (ghg) credits. we also recognize automotive sales revenue from the sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems, such as battery packs and drive units, to other manufacturers. revenue is recognized when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (iii) fees are fixed or determinable; and (iv) collection is reasonably assured.
car sales include certain standard features and customer selected options and configurations that meet the definition of a deliverable under multiple-element accounting guidance, including internet connectivity, supercharging access, and specified software updates for cars equipped with autopilot hardware. these deliverables are valued on a stand-alone basis and we recognize their related revenue over our performance period which is generally the eight-year life of the car or, for software upgrades, as they are delivered. if we sell a derivable separately, we use that pricing to determine its fair value; otherwise, we use our best estimated selling price by considering third party pricing of similar options, costs used to develop and deliver the service, and other information which may be available.
resale value guarantee we offer a resale value guarantee program to customers who purchase a model s and finance their vehicle through one of our commercial banking partners in the us, canada and europe. under this program, model s customers have the option of selling their vehicle back to us during the period from 36 to 39 months after delivery for a specified value determined at time of purchase. because we offer a resale value guarantee, we account for these transactions as operating leases. accordingly, we recognize revenue attributable to the lease on a straight-line basis over the guarantee period to automotive sales revenue. similarly, we capitalize the cost of the leased vehicle and depreciate its value, less expected salvage value, to cost of automotive sales over the same period.
at the end of the guarantee period, which is the earlier of 39 months or the pay-off date of the initial loan, the resale value guarantee and deferred revenue balances are settled to automotive sales revenue and the net book value of the leased vehicle is expensed to costs of automotive sales if our customer retains ownership of the car.  in cases where a customer returns the vehicle back to us between months 36 and 39, we issue a check to the customer in the amount of the resale value guarantee and settle any remaining deferred revenue balance to automotive sales revenue.
at least annually, we assess the estimated market values of vehicles under our resale value guarantee program. as we accumulate more data related to the resale values of model s, there may be significant changes to their estimated values.
maintenance and service plans we offer a prepaid maintenance program for model s, which includes plans covering maintenance for up to eight years or up to 100,000 miles, provided these services are purchased within a specified period of time. the maintenance plans cover annual inspections and the replacement of wear and tear parts, excluding tires and the battery, with either a fixed fee per visit for tesla ranger service or unlimited tesla ranger visits for a higher initial purchase price. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales as we fulfill our performance obligations.
we also offer an extended service plan, which covers the repair or replacement of model s parts for an additional four years or up to an additional 50,000 miles, after the end of our initial new vehicle limited warranty, provided they are purchased within a specified period of time. for customers that are not covered by our new vehicle limited warranties or our extended service plans, we offer tesla ranger service at a higher cost. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales ratably over the service coverage periods.
we provided tesla roadster customers with the opportunity to purchase an extended warranty plan for the period after the end of our initial new vehicle limited warranty to cover additional services for an additional three years or 36,000 miles. we refer to this program as our extended service plan. amounts collected on these sales are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales over the extended warranty period.
additionally, we have previously provided customers of our tesla roadsters with a one-time option to replace the battery packs in their vehicles at any time after the expiration of the new vehicle limited warranty but before the tenth anniversary of the purchase date of their vehicles. we refer to this program as our battery replacement program. amounts collected on these sales are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales as we fulfill our obligation to replace the battery packs.
inventory valuation we value our inventories at the lower of cost or market. cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. we record inventory write-downs for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventories based upon assumptions about future demand forecasts. if our inventory on hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written off.
we also review inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. this requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert inventory on hand into a finished product.
once inventory is written-down, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.
should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, material changes to these reserves may be required. a small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
warranties we provide a warranty on all vehicles, production powertrain components and systems sales, and we accrue warranty reserves upon delivery to customer. warranty reserves include management's best estimate of the projected costs to repair or to replace any items under warranty. these estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. we review our reserves at least quarterly to ensure that our accruals are adequate in meeting expected future warranty obligations, and we will adjust our estimates as needed. these estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected experience may cause material changes to our warranty reserves in the future. the portion of the warranty provision expected to be incurred within 12 months is classified as current within accrued liabilities, while the remaining amount is classified as long-term within other long-term liabilities. during the third quarter of 2014, we extended the warranty on our model s drive unit to eight years from four and reassessed our overall powertrain and vehicle warranty reserves which resulted in an additional charge of approximately $14.0 million.
our warranty reserves do not include projected warranty costs associated with our operating lease vehicles, including those sold with resale value or similar guarantee terms.  in such cases actual warranty costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded as a component of cost of revenues.
valuation of stock-based awards stock-based compensation we use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options and restricted stock units (rsus) granted to employees and our employee stock purchase plan (espp) to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock-based awards. the fair value of stock options and espp are estimated on the grant date and offering date using the black-scholes option-pricing model. the fair value of rsus is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. the resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the awards, usually the vesting period which is generally four years for stock options and rsus and six months for the espp. stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures.
the black-scholes option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility. further, the forfeiture rate also affects the amount of aggregate compensation. these inputs are subjective and generally require significant judgment.
we estimate our forfeiture rate based on an analysis of our actual forfeiture experience and will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee turnover behavior and other factors. quarterly changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a significant effect on reported stock-based compensation expense, as the cumulative effect of adjusting the rate for all expense amortization is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed. if a revised forfeiture rate is higher than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in a decrease to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements. if a revised forfeiture rate is lower than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in an increase to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements.
as we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may calculate significantly different volatilities, expected lives and forfeiture rates, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. stock-based compensation expense is recorded in our cost of revenues, research and development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses.
in august 2012, our board of directors granted 5,274,901 stock options to our ceo (2012 ceo grant).  the 2012 ceo grant consists of ten vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance conditions and market conditions, assuming continued employment and service to us through each vesting date.
each of the vesting tranches requires a combination of one of the ten pre-determined performance milestones outlined below and an incremental increase in our market capitalization of $4.0 billion, as compared to the initial market capitalization of $3.2 billion measured at the time of the 2012 ceo grant.
·   gross margin of 30% or more for four consecutive quarters;
the term of the 2012 ceo grant is ten years, so any tranches that remain unvested at the expiration of the 2012 ceo grant will be forfeited.  in addition, unvested options will be forfeited if our ceo is no longer in that role, whether for cause or otherwise.
we measured the fair value of the 2012 ceo grant using a monte carlo simulation approach with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.65%, expected term of ten years, expected volatility of 55% and dividend yield of 0%.
stock-based compensation expense associated with the 2012 ceo grant is recognized for each pair of performance and market conditions over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of being met.
as of december 31, 2014, the market conditions for six vesting tranches and the following performance milestone were achieved and approved by our board of directors:
as of december 31, 2014, the following performance milestone was achieved and subject to our board of directors' approval at the upcoming board meeting:
as of december 31, 2014 the following three performance milestones were considered probable of achievement:
as the above three performance milestones were considered probable of achievement, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of $25.0 million, $14.5 million and $1.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
additionally, no cash compensation has ever been received by our ceo for his services to the company.
income taxes we record our provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of operations by estimating our taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. we estimate our actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences arising from differing treatment of items recognized for financial reporting versus tax return purposes. in general, deferred tax assets represent future tax benefits to be received when certain expenses previously recognized in our consolidated statements of operations become deductible expenses under applicable income tax laws, or loss or credit carryforwards are utilized. valuation allowances are recorded when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. we make these estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are consistent with our future plans. as of december 31, 2014, we had recorded a full valuation allowance on our net u.s. deferred tax assets because we expect that it is more likely than not that our u.s. deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted.
furthermore, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. as a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty on our tax attributes based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. these effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. we are required to file income tax returns in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. such returns are subject to audit by the various federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. we believe that our accounting consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. we review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a statute of limitations or a material change in estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations, such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. the eventual impact on our income tax expense depends in part if we still have a valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets in the period that such determination is made.
results of operations revenues automotive sales automotive sales, which include vehicle, options and related sales, and powertrain component and related sales, consisted of the following for the periods presented (in thousands):
vehicle, options and related sales                $3,079,415                 $1,952,684                  $354,344
vehicle, options and related sales primarily represent revenues related to deliveries of model s, including vehicle options, accessories and destination charges, vehicle service and sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers. powertrain component and related sales represent the sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems, such as battery packs and drive units, to other manufacturers.
vehicle, options and related sales during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $3.08 billion, $1.95 billion, and $354 million. the significant increases in vehicle, options and related sales was primarily driven by the ramp in model s deliveries, including the commencement of deliveries to europe in august 2013 and china in april 2014. deliveries of model s vehicles were 31,655 in 2014, 22,477 in 2013, and 2,636 in 2012 following the commencement of our model s deliveries in june 2012. the increase also resulted from higher sales of regulatory credits year-over-year. during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 regulatory credit sales were $216.3 million, $194.4 million, and $40.5 million.
in april 2013, we launched our resale value guarantee program. during the year ending december 31, 2014, we delivered 5,224 cars and recognized $128.2 million revenue under this program. during 2013 we delivered 5,179 under this program and recognized $29.1 million of revenue. as of december 31, 2014, we recorded $373.5 million in deferred revenues and $487.9 million in resale value guarantee related to model s deliveries with the resale value guarantee. as of december 31, 2013, we recorded $230.9 million in deferred revenues and $236.3 million in resale value guarantee related to model s deliveries with the resale value guarantee powertrain component and related sales for the periods presented were related to powertrain component sales to daimler under the mercedes-benz b-class electric drive program which commenced in april 2014 and to toyota under the rav4 ev program. powertrain component and related sales for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $113.3 million, $45.1 million and $31.4 million. during the third quarter of 2014, we completed the rav4 ev program.
development services development services represent arrangements where we develop electric vehicle powertrain components and systems for other automotive manufacturers, including the design and development of battery packs, drive units and chargers to meet customers' specifications. we provided development services to daimler and toyota to assist in the development of electric powertrains for the mercedes benz b-class ev and the toyota rav4.  during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recognized revenue under these arrangement in the amounts of $5.6 million, $15.7 million, $27.6 million. we do not expect any significant development services in future periods.
beginning in the first quarter of 2015, we will change the caption of this to be services and other revenue. this will include other revenues related to powertrain component sales to daimler and other oems, vehicle service and sales from used model s cars.
cost of revenues and gross profit cost of revenues includes cost of automotive sales and costs related to our development services.
cost of automotive sales for the year ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $2.31 billion, $1.54 billion, and $371.7 million. cost of automotive sales includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including amortized tooling costs, royalty fees, shipping and logistic costs and reserves for estimated warranty expenses. cost of automotive sales also includes adjustments to warranty expense, charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted demand and charges related to write down of fixed assets no longer in use for the production of model s or our powertrain component sales. the increase in cost of automotive sales was driven primarily by the ramp in model s deliveries.
in the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 we recognized $66.1 million and $19.4 million, respectively, in cost of automotive sales related to vehicle depreciation for cars accounted for as operating leases. for cars accounted for as leases our warranty reserves do not include projected warranty costs as such actual warranty costs are expensed as incurred. for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, warranty costs incurred for our lease vehicles were $7.0 million and $1.6 million.
gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $881.7 million, $456.3 million and $30.1 million gross margin for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were 27.6%, 22.7%, and 7.3%. the increase in gross profit from 2013 to 2014 was primarily due to manufacturing and supply chain efficiencies as well as component cost reductions and higher regulatory credit sales, partially offset by one-time manufacturing inefficiencies associated with transitioning to our new final assembly line and launch of all-wheel drive dual motor model s. the increase in gross profit from 2012 to 2013 was primarily due to higher vehicle production volumes, cost reduction efforts including process efficiencies in manufacturing and supply chain, design improvements, as well as reduction of waste in the supply chain.
research and development expenses research and development (r&d) expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our teams in engineering and research, supply chain, quality, manufacturing engineering and manufacturing test organizations, prototyping expense, contract and professional services and amortized equipment expense. overhead costs related to the tesla factory prior to the start of production of model s are also included in r&d expenses. also included in r&d expenses are development services costs that we incur, if any, prior to the finalization of agreements with our development services customers as reaching a final agreement and revenue recognition is not assured. development services costs incurred after the finalization of an agreement are recorded in cost of revenues.
r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $464.7 million, an increase from $232.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in r&d expenses consisted primarily of an $85.3 million increase in employee compensation expenses, a $60.7 million increase in expensed materials primarily to support our model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s development, a $50.9 million increase in costs related to model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s engineering, design and testing activities, a $28.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to increased headcount and increasing values of awards granted, a $4.1 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs and a $3.3 million increase in shipping charges for model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s development.
r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 were $232.0 million, a decrease from $274.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. r&d expenses decreased due to significant development, prototyping and testing expenses related to the model s launch in 2012, partially offset by an increase in similar costs in 2013 for model x and right-hand drive model s and other programs. the $42.0 million decrease in r&d expenses during the year ended december 31, 2013 consisted primarily of an $18.2 million decrease in expensed materials, an $8.5 million decrease in employee compensation expenses, a $7.8 million decrease in costs related to model s engineering, design and testing activities, a $6.6 million decrease in shipping charges for model s prototype materials and a $4.9 million decrease in office, information technology and facilities-related costs. the decrease was partially offset by a $5.0 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to a larger number of outstanding equity awards due to additional headcount and generally an increasing common stock valuation applied to new grants.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses consist primarily of personnel and facilities costs related to our tesla stores, marketing, sales, executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, as well as litigation settlements and fees for professional and contract services.
sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $603.7 million, an increase from $285.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. sg&a expenses increased primarily from higher headcount and costs to support an expanded retail, service and supercharger footprint as well as the general growth of the business. the $318.1 million increase in our sg&a expenses consisted primarily of a $141.1 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales and marketing headcount to support sales activities worldwide and higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business, a $135.9 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, a $35.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to additional headcount and  increasing value of awards granted and a $27.2 million increase in professional and outside services costs.
sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 were $285.6 million, an increase from $150.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. sg&a expenses increased primarily from higher headcount and costs to support an expanded retail, service and supercharger footprint as well as the general growth of the business. the $135.2 million increase in our sg&a expenses during the year ended december 31, 2013 consisted primarily of a $62.8 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales and marketing headcount to support sales activities worldwide and higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business, a $36.8 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, a $17.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to additional headcount and  increasing value of awards granted and a $17.2 million increase in professional and outside services costs.
interest expense interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 was $100.9 million, $32.9 million and $0.3 million. the increase in interest expense from 2013 to 2014 was due to the issuance of $920.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2019 notes and $1.38 billion aggregate principal amount of 2021 notes during the first half of 2014. the increase in interest expense from 2012 to 2013 was due to $17.8 million of interest expense incurred upon repayment of the department of energy (doe) loan in may 2013 for early repayment fees, accrued interest and the amortization of the remaining loan origination costs as well as interest associated with the $660.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2018 notes issued in may 2013.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net, consists primarily of the change in the fair value of our doe common stock warrant liability and foreign exchange gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. we expect our foreign exchange gains and losses will vary depending upon movements in the underlying exchange rates. prior to the expiration of the doe warrant in may 2013, the doe warrant had been carried at its estimated fair value with changes in its fair value reflected in other income (expense), net.
other income (expense), net, for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $1.8 million, $22.6 million and ($1.8) million. the other income, net of $22.6 million in 2013 was primarily due to the reduction in fair value of our doe common stock warrant liability of $10.7 million during the year. in march 2013, we entered into a fourth amendment to the doe loan facility which, among other things, accelerated the maturity date of our doe loans to december 15, 2017; therefore, the doe warrant was no longer expected to vest. the other income, net, also includes the favorable foreign currency exchange impact from our foreign currency-denominated liabilities during the year ended december 31, 2013, especially related to the japanese yen.
provision for income taxes our provision for income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 was $9.4 million, $2.6 million, and $0.1 million. the increases in the provision for income taxes were due primarily to the increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions, following the commencement of european model s deliveries in august 2013 and model s deliveries in asia in april 2014.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2014, we had $1.91 billion in principal sources of liquidity available from our cash and cash equivalents including $1.27 billion of money market funds. amounts held in foreign currencies had a us dollar equivalent of $315 million as of december 31, 2014, and consisted primarily of chinese yuan, japanese yen, euro and norwegian krone.
sources of cash are predominately from our deliveries of model s, as well as customer deposits for model s and model x, sales of regulatory credits, cash from the provision of development services, and sales of powertrain components and systems. we expect that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over the next 12 months based on our current plans. these cash flows enable us to fund our ongoing operations, research and development projects for our planned model x, model 3, and certain other future products; purchase tooling and manufacturing equipment required to introduce model x and to continue to ramp up production of model s; construct our gigafactory; and establish and expand our stores, service centers and supercharger network. we currently anticipate making aggregate capital expenditures of about $1.5 billion over the next 12 months.
when market conditions are favorable, we may evaluate alternatives to pursue liquidity options to fund capital intensive initiatives. should prevailing economic, financial, business or other factors adversely affect our ability to meet our operating cash requirements, we could be required to obtain funding though traditional or alternative sources of financing. we cannot be certain that additional funds would be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all.
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities       $(57,337           )                $264,804             $(263,815         )
net cash used in investing activities                             (990,444   )                (249,417   )                (206,930   )
net cash provided by financing activities                        2,143,130                     635,422                     419,635
cash flows from operating activities our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as manufacturing, research and development and selling, general and administrative. our operating cash flows are also affected by our working capital needs to support growth and fluctuations in inventory, personnel related expenditures, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities.
our operating cash inflows include cash from sales of our model s, customer deposits for model s and model x, sales of regulatory credits, cash from the provision of development services, and sales of powertrain components and systems. these cash inflows are offset by payments we make to our suppliers for production materials and parts used in our manufacturing process, employee compensation, operating leases and interest expense on our financings.
cash provided by (used in) operating activities was ($57.3) million, $264.8 million and ($263.8) million in 2014, 2013 and 2012. the decrease in operating cash flows in 2014 as compared to 2013 was due to an increase in finished goods inventory primarily due to cars whose delivery slipped from q4 of 2014 to the following year, an increase in raw material inventory balances at year end necessary to meet our planned production requirements for model s in q1 of the following year, higher operating expenses in r&d and sg&a, and use of cash for vehicles directly leased by us, partially offset by increased cash receipts from customer payments on vehicle sales, including an increase in customer deposits.
the increase in operating cash flows in 2013 as compared to 2012 was due to an increase in cash receipts from customer payments on vehicles deliveries, including for cars sold under our resale value guarantee program, increased regulatory credits sold and increased customer deposits from orders for model s and x. this was partially offset by an increase in inventory balances at year-end necessary to meet our planned production requirements for model s in q1 of the following year.
customer deposits we collect deposits from customers at the time they place an order for a vehicle and, in some locations, at certain additional milestones up to the point of delivery. customer deposit amounts and timing vary depending on the vehicle model and country of delivery. customer deposits related to model x still represent fully refundable reservations. amounts are included in current liabilities until refunded or until they are applied to a customer's purchase balance at time of delivery. as of december 31, 2014, we held $257.6 million in customer deposits.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to capital expenditures to support our growth in operations, including investments in model s manufacturing equipment and tooling and our stores, service centers and supercharger network infrastructure. cash used in investing activities was $990.4 million, $249.4 million and $206.9 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012. cash flows from investing activities and variability between each year related primarily to capital expenditures, which were $969.9 million, $264.2 million, and $239.2 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012. expenditures in all years consisted primarily of purchases of capital equipment, tooling, and facilities to support our model s and model x manufacturing.
in 2014, we began construction of our gigafactory facility in nevada.  tesla's contribution to total capital expenditures are expected to be about $2.0 billion over the next 5 years.  in 2014, we used cash of $62.2 million towards the construction of the first stage of this project and expect to spend up to $300 million over the next 12 months.
cash flows from financing activities net cash provided by financing activities was $2.14 billion, $635.4 million, and $419.6 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in cash provided from financing in 2014 and compared to 2013 was primarily due to $2.1 billion net proceeds from the issuance of our 2019 and 2021 notes, including the associated hedge and warrant transactions, representing a $1.5 billion increase in debt financing as compared to 2013. cash flows from financing in 2013 that did not recur in 2014 included proceeds of $415.0 million from the issuance of common stock in public and private offerings and $452.3 million used to repay our doe loans.
the increase in cash provided from financing in 2013 and compared to 2012 was primarily due to $585.9 million net proceeds from the issuance of our 2018 notes, including the associated hedge and warrant transactions, and a $193.5 million increase in proceeds from public and private equity issuances. in 2013 we used $452.3 million to repay our doa loans as compared to proceeds of $188.8 million received during 2012 under these loans.
0.25% and 1.25% convertible senior notes and bond hedge and warrant transactions in 2014, we issued $920.0 million principal amount of 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2019 (2019 notes) and $1.38 billion principal amount of 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2021 (2021 notes) in a public offering. the total net proceeds from these offerings, after deducting transaction costs, were approximately 905.8 million from 2019 notes and $1.36 billion from 2021 notes, respectively. the interest rates are fixed at 0.25% and 1.25% per annum for the 2019 and 2021 notes, respectively, and are payable semi-annually in arrears on march 1 and september 1 of each year, commencing on september 1, 2014.
in connection with the offering of these notes in 2014, we purchased a convertible note hedges for $603.4 million and sold warrants $389.2 million. taken together, the purchase of the convertible note hedges and the sale of warrants are intended to offset any actual dilution from the conversion of the 2019 notes and 2021 notes.
during the fourth quarter of 2014, the closing price of our common stock did not meet or exceed 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2019 notes and 2021 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; furthermore, no other conditions allowing holders of these notes to convert have been met as of december 31, 2014. therefore, the 2019 notes and 2021 notes are not convertible during the first quarter of 2015 and are classified as long-term debt. should the closing price conditions be met in the first quarter of 2015 or a future quarter, the notes will be convertible at their holders' option during the immediately following quarter.
1.50% convertible senior notes and bond hedge and warrant transactions in may 2013, we issued $660.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.50% convertible senior notes due 2018 (the notes) in a public offering. the net proceeds from the offering, after deducting transaction costs, were approximately $648.0 million. the interest under the notes is fixed at 1.50% per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on december 1, 2013.
in connection with the offering of the 2018 notes, we purchased a convertible note hedge for $177.5 million and sold warrants for $120.3 million. taken together, the purchase of the convertible note hedges and the sale of warrants are intended to offset any actual dilution from the conversion of the 2018 notes.
during the fourth quarter of 2014, the closing price of our common stock exceeded 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2018 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; therefore, holders of 2018 notes may convert their notes during the first quarter of 2015. upon conversion of 2018 notes, we will be obligated to pay cash for the principal amount of the converted notes and we may also have to deliver shares of our common stock in respect of such converted notes. any conversion of the notes prior to their maturity or acceleration of the repayment of the notes could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition. should the closing price conditions be met in the first quarter of 2015 or a future quarter, 2018 notes will be convertible at their holders' option during the immediately following quarter. under current market conditions, we do not expect the 2018 notes will be converted in the short term.
for more information on the 2018 notes, 2019 notes, and 2021 notes see item 8. of part ii, financial statements and supplementary data, note 6 - convertible notes and long-term debt obligation to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
common stock offering and concurrent private placement concurrent with the execution of the notes and related transactions in may 2013, we also completed a public offering of common stock and sold a total of 3,902,862 shares of our common stock for total cash proceeds of approximately $355.1 million (which includes 487,857 shares or $45.0 million sold to our chief executive officer (ceo)), net of underwriting discounts and offering costs. we also sold 596,272 shares of our common stock to our ceo and received total cash proceeds of $55.0 million in a private placement at the public offering price.
contractual obligations we are party to contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties, including certain debt financing arrangements and leases, primarily for stores, service centers, certain manufacturing and corporate offices. these also include, as part of our normal business practices, contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services and capacity reservation contracts. we have the following contractual obligations, including firm purchase obligations. a purchase obligation is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms. for obligations with cancellation provisions, the amounts included in the table below were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms. the expected timing of payments of the obligations in the preceding table is estimated based on current information. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different, depending on the time of receipt of goods or services, or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. open purchase orders are generally cancellable in full or in part at our discretion and are therefore not considered firm purchase obligations.
the following table sets forth, as of december 31, 2014 certain significant obligations that will affect our future liquidity (in thousands):
capital lease obligations, including interest              22,420                    10,153                   8,112                  3,592                    563
(1)   amounts do not include future cash payments for purchase obligations which were recorded in accounts payable or accrued liabilities at december 31, 2014.
(2)   these totals represent aggregate purchase commitments with all vendors. some of the commitments included are our agreements with panasonic corporation, to the extent quantities and timing of such purchases are fixed. should we terminate the panasonic contracts prior to purchasing certain minimum quantities, we would owe an additional $81 million under the terms of the agreement as of december 31, 2014.
(3)   during the fourth quarter of 2014, the closing price of our common stock exceeded 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2018 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; therefore, holders of 2018 notes may convert their notes during the first quarter of 2015. as such, we classified the $601.6 million carrying value of our 2018 notes as current liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2014 and have included related contractual payments in the 2015 category in the table above.
in connection with our tesla factory located in fremont, california, we are obligated to pay for the remediation of certain environmental conditions existing at the time we purchased the property from new united motor manufacturing, inc. (nummi). as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we accrued a total of $4.0 million and $5.5 million, respectively, related to these environmental liabilities. nummi is responsible for remediation costs between $15 million and $30 million for up to 10 years from the closing date.
off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented, we did not have relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.