item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results, and/or financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock.
our financial results are affected by volatile refining margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the price of crude oil and the market price at which we can sell refined products.
our financial results are primarily affected by the relationship, or margin, between refined product prices and the prices for crude oil and other feedstocks. historically, refining margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile in the future. our cost to acquire feedstocks and the price at which we can ultimately sell refined products depend upon several factors beyond our control, including regional and global supply of and demand for crude oil, gasoline, diesel, and other feedstocks and refined products. these in turn depend on, among other things, the availability and quantity of imports, the production levels of u.s. and international suppliers, levels of refined product inventories, productivity and growth (or the lack thereof) of u.s. and global economies, u.s. relationships with foreign governments, political affairs, and the extent of governmental regulation.
some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. the longer-term effects of these and other factors on refining and marketing margins are uncertain. we do not produce crude oil and must purchase all of the crude oil we refine. we may purchase our crude oil and other refinery feedstocks long before we refine them and sell the refined products. price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined products from these feedstocks could have a significant effect on our financial results. a decline in market prices may negatively impact the carrying value of our inventories.
economic turmoil and political unrest or hostilities, including the threat of future terrorist attacks, could affect the economies of the u.s. and other countries. lower levels of economic activity could result in declines in energy consumption, including declines in the demand for and consumption of our refined products, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects.
refining margins are also significantly impacted by additional refinery conversion capacity through the expansion of existing refineries or the construction of new refineries. worldwide refining capacity expansions may result in refining production capability exceeding refined product demand, which would have an adverse effect on refining margins.
a significant portion of our profitability is derived from the ability to purchase and process crude oil feedstocks that historically have been cheaper than benchmark crude oils, such as louisiana light sweet (lls) and brent crude oils. these crude oil feedstock differentials vary significantly depending on overall economic conditions and trends and conditions within the markets for crude oil and refined products, and they could decline in the future, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations.
compliance with and changes in environmental laws, including proposed climate change laws and regulations, could adversely affect our performance.
the principal environmental risks associated with our operations are emissions into the air and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. our operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, greenhouse gas emissions, and characteristics and composition of gasoline
and diesel fuels. certain of these laws and regulations could impose obligations to conduct assessment or remediation efforts at our facilities as well as at formerly owned properties or third-party sites where we have taken wastes for disposal or where our wastes have migrated. environmental laws and regulations also may impose liability on us for the conduct of third parties, or for actions that complied with applicable requirements when taken, regardless of negligence or fault. if we violate or fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned.
because environmental laws and regulations are becoming more stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, such as those relating to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, the level of expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future. current and future legislative action and regulatory initiatives could result in changes to operating permits, material changes in operations, increased capital expenditures and operating costs, increased costs of the goods we sell, and decreased demand for our products that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time. we may be required to make expenditures to modify operations or install pollution control equipment that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
for example, the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) has, in recent years, adopted final rules making more stringent the national ambient air quality standards (naaqs) for ozone, sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen dioxide, and the u.s. epa is considering further revisions to the naaqs. emerging rules and permitting requirements implementing these revised standards may require us to install more stringent controls at our facilities, which may result in increased capital expenditures. governmental restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions - including so-called "cap-and-trade" programs targeted at reducing carbon dioxide emissions - could result in material increased compliance costs, additional operating restrictions or permitting delays for our business, and an increase in the cost of, and reduction in demand for, the products we produce, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
disruption of our ability to obtain crude oil could adversely affect our operations.
a significant portion of our feedstock requirements is satisfied through supplies originating in the middle east, africa, asia, north america, and south america. we are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic, and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, these areas. if one or more of our supply contracts were terminated, or if political events disrupt our traditional crude oil supply, we believe that adequate alternative supplies of crude oil would be available, but it is possible that we would be unable to find alternative sources of supply. if we are unable to obtain adequate crude oil volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected, including reduced sales volumes of refined products or reduced margins as a result of higher crude oil costs.
in addition, the u.s. government can prevent or restrict us from doing business in or with other countries. these restrictions, and those of other governments, could limit our ability to gain access to business opportunities in various countries. actions by both the u.s. and other countries have affected our operations in the past and will continue to do so in the future.
we are subject to interruptions and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and the products that we manufacture.
we generally use the services of third parties to transport feedstocks to our facilities and to transport the products we manufacture to market. if we experience prolonged interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver our products to market, or if the ability of the pipelines, vessels, or railroads to transport feedstocks or products is disrupted because of weather events, accidents, derailment, collision, fire, explosion,
governmental regulations, or third-party actions, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
we may incur additional costs as a result of our use of rail cars for the transportation of crude oil and the products that we manufacture.
we currently use rail cars for the transportation of some feedstocks to certain of our facilities and for the transportation of some of the products we manufacture to their markets. we own and lease rail cars for our operations. rail transportation is subject to a variety of federal, state, and local regulations. new laws and regulations and changes in existing laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed that could result in increased expenditures for compliance. for example, in 2014 the u.s. department of transportation (dot) and transport canada (tc) issued proposed regulations for rail car standards and railroad operating requirements for flammable liquids with particular emphasis on shipments of crude oil, gasoline, and ethanol. the regulations as proposed would require significant physical modifications to rail cars. we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with these and other future regulations of rail transportation to the extent they are applicable to us.
competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, have greater financial resources, or provide alternative energy sources may have a competitive advantage.
the refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined product markets. we compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks and for sites for our refined products. we do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks and, following the separation of our retail business, we do not have a company-owned retail network. many of our competitors, however, obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production and some have extensive retail sites. such competitors are at times able to offset losses from refining operations with profits from producing or retailing operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages.
some of our competitors also have materially greater financial and other resources than we have. such competitors have a greater ability to bear the economic risks inherent in all phases of our industry. in addition, we compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel requirements of our industrial, commercial, and individual consumers.
uncertainty and illiquidity in credit and capital markets can impair our ability to obtain credit and financing on acceptable terms, and can adversely affect the financial strength of our business partners.
our ability to obtain credit and capital depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors that we do not control. our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. in addition, the cost and availability of debt and equity financing may be adversely impacted by unstable or illiquid market conditions. protracted uncertainty and illiquidity in these markets also could have an adverse impact on our lenders, commodity hedging counterparties, or our customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. in addition, decreased returns on pension fund assets may also materially increase our pension funding requirements.
our access to credit and capital markets also depends on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. we currently maintain investment-grade ratings by standard & poor's ratings services (s&p), moody's investors service (moody's), and fitch ratings (fitch) on our senior unsecured debt. ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities. each rating should be
evaluated independently of any other rating. we cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. specifically, if ratings agencies were to downgrade our long-term rating, particularly below investment grade, our borrowing costs would increase, which could adversely affect our ability to attract potential investors and our funding sources could decrease. in addition, we may not be able to obtain favorable credit terms from our suppliers or they may require us to provide collateral, letters of credit, or other forms of security, which would increase our operating costs. as a result, a downgrade below investment grade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
from time to time, our cash needs may exceed our internally generated cash flow, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we were unable to obtain necessary funds from financing activities. from time to time, we may need to supplement our cash generated from operations with proceeds from financing activities. we have existing revolving credit facilities, committed letter of credit facilities, and an accounts receivable sales facility to provide us with available financing to meet our ongoing cash needs. in addition, we rely on the counterparties to our derivative instruments to fund their obligations under such arrangements. uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets may materially impact the ability of the participating financial institutions and other counterparties to fund their commitments to us under our various financing facilities or our derivative instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
a significant interruption in one or more of our refineries could adversely affect our business.
our refineries are our principal operating assets. as a result, our operations could be subject to significant interruption if one or more of our refineries were to experience a major accident or mechanical failure, be damaged by severe weather or other natural or man-made disaster, such as an act of terrorism, or otherwise be forced to shut down. if any refinery were to experience an interruption in operations, earnings from the refinery could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost production and repair costs. significant interruptions in our refining system could also lead to increased volatility in prices for crude oil feedstocks and refined products, and could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets, making it more difficult for us to access capital and to obtain insurance coverage that we consider adequate.
a significant interruption related to our information technology systems could adversely affect our business.
our information technology systems and network infrastructure may be subject to unauthorized access or attack, which could result in a loss of sensitive business information, systems interruption, or the disruption of our business operations. there can be no assurance that our infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans can prevent a technology systems breach or systems failure, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
our business may be negatively affected by work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes by our employees, as well as new labor legislation issued by regulators.
workers at various of our refineries are covered by collective bargaining agreements. to the extent we are in negotiations for labor agreements expiring in the future, there is no assurance an agreement will be reached without a strike, work stoppage, or other labor action. any prolonged strike, work stoppage, or other labor action could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, future
federal or state labor legislation could result in labor shortages and higher costs, especially during critical maintenance periods.
we are subject to operational risks and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all potential losses arising from operating hazards. failure by one or more insurers to honor its coverage commitments for an insured event could materially and adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
our refining and marketing operations are subject to various hazards common to the industry, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, maritime hazards, and natural catastrophes. as protection against these hazards, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses and liabilities. we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. as a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies could increase substantially. in some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. for example, coverage for hurricane damage is very limited, and coverage for terrorism risks includes very broad exclusions. if we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
our insurance program includes a number of insurance carriers. significant disruptions in financial markets could lead to a deterioration in the financial condition of many financial institutions, including insurance companies. we can make no assurances that we will be able to obtain the full amount of our insurance coverage for insured events.
large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate over time, negatively impacting project returns.
we may engage in capital projects based on the forecasted project economics and level of return on the capital to be employed in the project. large-scale projects take many years to complete, and market conditions can change from our forecast. as a result, we may be unable to fully realize our expected returns, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
compliance with and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our performance.
we are subject to extensive tax liabilities imposed by multiple jurisdictions, including income taxes, indirect taxes (excise/duty, sales/use, gross receipts, and value-added taxes), payroll taxes, franchise taxes, withholding taxes, and ad valorem taxes. new tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed that could result in increased expenditures for tax liabilities in the future. many of these liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the respective taxing authority. subsequent changes to our tax liabilities as a result of these audits may subject us to interest and penalties.
we may incur losses and incur additional costs as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions.
we currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to continue their use in the future. if the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. in addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with future regulation of derivative instruments to the extent it is applicable to us.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of a publicly traded master limited partnership, vlp, which may involve a greater exposure to legal liability than our historic business operations.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of vlp, a publicly traded master limited partnership. our control of the general partner of vlp may increase the possibility of claims of breach of fiduciary duties, including claims of conflicts of interest, related to vlp. liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
if our spin-off of cst (the "spin-off"), or certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the spin-off, were determined to be taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes, then we and our stockholders could be subject to significant tax liability.
we received a private letter ruling from the internal revenue service (irs) substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the spin-off, except for cash received in lieu of fractional shares, qualified as tax-free under sections 355 and 361 of the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (code), and that certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the spin-off qualified for favorable treatment. the irs did not rule, however, on whether the spin-off satisfied certain requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under section 355 of the code. instead, the private letter ruling was based on representations by us that those requirements were satisfied, and any inaccuracy in those representations could invalidate the private letter ruling. in connection with the private letter ruling, we also obtained an opinion from a nationally recognized accounting firm, substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the spin-off qualified under sections 355 and 361 of the code. the opinion relied on, among other things, the continuing validity of the private letter ruling and various assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by cst and us which, if inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, would jeopardize the conclusions reached by such counsel in its opinion. the opinion is not binding on the irs or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the irs or the courts would not challenge the conclusions stated in the opinion or that any such challenge would not prevail. furthermore, notwithstanding the private letter ruling, the irs could determine on audit that the spin-off or the internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the spin-off should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of the facts, assumptions, representations, or undertakings we or cst have made or provided to the irs are incorrect or incomplete, or that the spin-off or the internal transactions should be taxable for other reasons, including as a result of a significant change in stock or asset ownership after the spin-off.
if the spin-off ultimately were determined to be taxable, each holder of our common stock who received shares of cst common stock in the spin-off generally would be treated as receiving a spin-off of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of cst common stock received by such holder. any such spin-off would be a dividend to the extent of our current earnings and profits as of the end of 2013, and any accumulated earnings and profits. any amount that exceeded our relevant earnings and profits would be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of such holder's tax basis in our shares of common stock with any remaining amount generally being taxed as a capital gain. in addition, we would recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of cst common stock distributed to our holders on the spin-off date over our tax basis in such shares of cst common stock. moreover, we could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities if it ultimately were determined that certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the spin-off were taxable.
under the terms of the tax matters agreement we entered into with cst in connection with the spin-off, we generally are responsible for any taxes imposed on us and our subsidiaries in the event that the spin-off and/or certain related internal transactions were to fail to qualify for tax-free treatment. however, if the spin-off and/or such internal transactions were to fail to qualify for tax-free treatment because of actions or failures to act by cst or its subsidiaries, cst would be responsible for all such taxes. if we were to become liable
for taxes under the tax matters agreement, that liability could have a material adverse effect on us. the spin-off is more fully described in note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following review of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with item 1a, "risk factors," and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," included in this report.
cautionary statement for the purpose of safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report, including without limitation our disclosures below under the heading "overview and outlook," includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. you can identify our forward-looking statements by the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "plan," "intend," "estimate," "project," "projection," "predict," "budget," "forecast," "goal," "guidance," "target," "could," "should," "may," and similar expressions.
these forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding:
•   expectations regarding feedstock costs, including crude oil differentials, and operating expenses;
•   our anticipated level of capital investments, including deferred refinery turnaround and catalyst costs and capital expenditures for environmental and other purposes, and the effect of these capital investments on our results of operations;
•   anticipated trends in the supply of and demand for crude oil and other feedstocks and refined products in the regions where we operate, as well as globally;
•   expectations regarding environmental, tax, and other regulatory initiatives; and
•   the effect of general economic and other conditions on refining and ethanol industry fundamentals.
we based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates, and projections about ourselves and our industry. we caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that we cannot predict. in addition, we based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events that may prove to be inaccurate. accordingly, our actual results may differ materially from the future performance that we have expressed or forecast in the forward-looking statements. differences between actual results and any future performance suggested in these forward-looking statements could result from a variety of factors, including the following:
•   acts of terrorism aimed at either our facilities or other facilities that could impair our ability to produce or transport refined products or receive feedstocks;
•   political and economic conditions in nations that produce crude oil or consume refined products;
•   demand for, and supplies of, refined products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel, petrochemicals, and ethanol;
•   demand for, and supplies of, crude oil and other feedstocks;
•   the ability of the members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls;
•   the level of consumer demand, including seasonal fluctuations;
•   refinery overcapacity or undercapacity;
•   our ability to successfully integrate any acquired businesses into our operations;
•   the actions taken by competitors, including both pricing and adjustments to refining capacity in response to market conditions;
•   the level of competitors' imports into markets that we supply;
•   accidents, unscheduled shutdowns, or other catastrophes affecting our refineries, machinery, pipelines, equipment, and information systems, or those of our suppliers or customers;
•   changes in the cost or availability of transportation for feedstocks and refined products;
•   the price, availability, and acceptance of alternative fuels and alternative-fuel vehicles;
•   the levels of government subsidies for alternative fuels;
•   the volatility in the market price of biofuel credits (primarily renewable identification numbers (rins) needed to comply with the u.s. federal renewable fuel standard);
•   delay of, cancellation of, or failure to implement planned capital projects and realize the various assumptions and benefits projected for such projects or cost overruns in constructing such planned capital projects;
•   earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, and irregular weather, which can unforeseeably affect the price or availability of natural gas, crude oil, grain and other feedstocks, and refined products and ethanol;
•   rulings, judgments, or settlements in litigation or other legal or regulatory matters, including unexpected environmental remediation costs, in excess of any reserves or insurance coverage;
•   legislative or regulatory action, including the introduction or enactment of legislation or rulemakings by governmental authorities, including tax and environmental regulations, such as those implemented under the california global warming solutions act (also known as ab 32), quebec's regulation respecting the cap-and-trade system for greenhouse gas emission allowances (the quebec cap-and-trade system), and the u.s. epa's regulation of greenhouse gases, which may adversely affect our business or operations;
•   changes in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities and trade credit;
•   changes in currency exchange rates, including the value of the canadian dollar, the pound sterling, and the euro relative to the u.s. dollar;
•   overall economic conditions, including the stability and liquidity of financial markets; and
•   other factors generally described in the "risk factors" section included in item 1a, "risk factors" in this report.
any one of these factors, or a combination of these factors, could materially affect our future results of operations and whether any forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be accurate. our forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results and future performance may differ materially from those suggested in any forward-looking statements. we do not intend to update these statements unless we are required by the securities laws to do so.
all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing. we undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
overview and outlook overview for the year ended december 31, 2014, we reported net income attributable to valero stockholders from continuing operations of $3.7 billion, or $6.97 per share (assuming dilution), compared to $2.7 billion, or $4.96 per share (assuming dilution), for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase of $980 million was due primarily to the increase of $1.9 billion in our operating income as shown in the table below. the increase in our operating income was partially offset by a $325 million nontaxable gain recorded in 2013 related to the disposition of our retained interest in cst, which is more fully described in notes 3 and 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
our operating income increased $1.9 billion from 2013 to 2014 as outlined by business segment in the following table (in millions):
2014                  2013                change operating income (loss) by business segment:
the $1.7 billion increase in refining segment operating income for 2014 compared to 2013 was due to wider discounts for sweet and sour crude oils relative to brent crude oil, higher throughput volumes in our u.s. gulf coast region, and higher margins on other refined products (e.g., petroleum coke and sulfur), partially offset by weaker distillate margins. higher energy costs and depreciation expense between the periods also impacted our refining segment income. our ethanol segment operating income increased $295 million in 2014 compared to 2013 due to lower corn feedstock costs and higher production volumes, partially offset by lower co-product prices and lower ethanol prices.
on may 1, 2013, we completed the separation of our retail business, by spinning off cst as an independent public company. therefore, we did not have any retail segment operations in 2014, resulting in the $81 million decrease in retail segment operating income in 2014 compared to 2013.
additional details and analysis of the changes in the operating income of our business segments and other components of net income attributable to valero stockholders are provided below under "results of operations."
outlook energy markets and margins were volatile during 2014, especially in the latter part of the year, and we expect them to continue to be volatile in the near to mid-term. below is a summary of factors that have impacted or may impact our results of operations during the first quarter of 2015:
•   discounts in the price of medium sour and heavy sour crude oils as compared to the price of brent crude oil have widened since year end as producers of those crude oils have attempted to maintain market share in an oversupplied crude oil market.
•   discounts in the price of north american sweet crude oils as compared to the price of brent crude oil are expected to increase due to a build in u.s. crude oil inventories, driven primarily by (i) increasing imports of medium sour and heavy sour crude oils, (ii) seasonal planned refinery maintenance, and (iii) a crude oil market structure where the future price is higher than the current price of crude oil, which indicates that the crude oil market is oversupplied.
•   refined product margins are expected to strengthen due to an increase in the demand for refined products and the impact on product inventories from refinery maintenance thus far in the first quarter of 2015.
•   the market price of biofuel credits (primarily rins) is expected to remain volatile during 2015.
•   the cost to implement certain provisions of the ab 32 cap-and-trade system and low carbon fuel standard in california and the quebec cap-and-trade system may be significant; however, we expect to recover the majority of these costs from our customers.
•   a further decline in market prices of crude oil and refined products may negatively impact the carrying value of our inventories.
•   the united steelworkers union and the u.s. refining industry are currently in the process of collective bargaining and strikes have been called at 12 u.s. refineries. we have four refineries that could be targeted for a strike but none has been targeted at this time. also note our disclosures in item 1a, "risk factors" - our business may be negatively affected by work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes by our employees, as well as new labor legislation issued by regulators.
results of operations the following tables highlight our results of operations, our operating performance, and market prices that directly impact our operations. the narrative following these tables provides an analysis of our results of operations.
financial highlights (a)
2014                                                                                                 2013 (b)                change operating revenues                                                      $130,844                $138,074               $(7,230    )
costs and expenses:
total costs and expenses                                                 124,942                 134,117                (9,175    )
gain on disposition of retained interest in cst brands, inc. (b)               -                     325                  (325    )
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                      (397    )               (365    )              (32    )
income from continuing operations before income tax expense                5,552                   3,976                 1,576
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                     81                       8                    73
2014                                                                    2013                change refining:
operating costs per barrel:
total operating costs per barrel             5.45                  5.39                  0.06
2014                                                                    2013                change u.s. gulf coast (a):
operating costs per barrel:
total operating costs per barrel             5.26                  5.30                 (0.04    )
operating costs per barrel:
total operating costs per barrel             5.51                  5.22                  0.29
operating costs per barrel:
total operating costs per barrel             4.56                  4.53                  0.03
operating costs per barrel:
total operating costs per barrel             8.05                  7.70                  0.35
average market reference prices and differentials
2014                                                                                              2013              change feedstocks:
natural gas (dollars per million british thermal units (mmbtu))        4.36                  3.69               0.67
2014                                                                         2013              change ethanol:
operating costs per gallon of production:
total operating costs per gallon of production      0.43                0.36                0.07
(a)   in may 2014, we abandoned our aruba refinery, except for the associated crude oil and refined products terminal assets that we continue to operate. as a result, the refinery's results of operations have been presented as discontinued operations and the operating highlights for the refining segment and the u.s. gulf coast region exclude the aruba refinery for all years presented. this transaction is more fully described in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
(b)   on may 1, 2013, we completed the separation of our retail business. as a result and effective may 1, 2013, our results of operations no longer include those of cst, our former retail business. the nature and significance of our post-separation participation in the supply of motor fuel to cst represents a continuation of activities with cst for accounting purposes. as such, the historical results of operations related to cst have not been reported as discontinued operations in the statements of income. this transaction is more fully discussed in note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
(e)   the regions reflected herein contain the following refineries: the u.s. gulf coast region includes the corpus christi east, corpus christi west, houston, meraux, port arthur, st. charles, texas city, and three rivers refineries; the u.s. mid-continent region includes the ardmore, mckee, and memphis refineries; the north atlantic region includes the pembroke and quebec city refineries; and the u.s. west coast region includes the benicia and wilmington refineries.
general operating revenues decreased $7.2 billion (or 5 percent) for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this decrease was primarily due to a decrease in refined product prices in all of our regions. despite the decline in operating revenues, operating income increased $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 due primarily to a $1.7 billion increase in refining segment operating income, a $295 million increase in ethanol segment operating income, and a $34 million decrease in general and administrative expenses, partially offset by an $81 million decrease in retail segment operating income due to the spin-off of our retail business in 2013 as mentioned previously. the reasons for these changes in the operating results of our segments and general and administrative expenses, as well as other items that affected our income, are discussed below.
refining refining segment operating income increased $1.7 billion from $4.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 to $5.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, due primarily to a $1.9 billion increase in refining margin, partially offset by a $190 million increase in operating expenses and a $31 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense.
•   higher discounts on light sweet crude oils and sour crude oils - because the market prices for refined products generally track the price of brent crude oil, which is a benchmark sweet crude oil, we benefit when we process crude oils that are priced at a discount to brent crude oil. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the discount in the price of some light sweet crude oils and sour crude oils compared to the price of brent crude oil widened. for example, lls crude oil processed in our u.s. gulf coast region, which is a light sweet crude oil, sold at a discount of $2.79 per barrel to brent crude oil for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $0.41 per barrel for the year ended december 31, 2013, representing a favorable increase of $2.38 per barrel. another example is maya crude oil, a sour crude oil, which sold at a discount of $13.73 per barrel to brent crude oil during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to a discount of $11.31 per barrel during the year ended december 31, 2013, representing a favorable increase of $2.42 per barrel. we estimate that the discounts for light sweet crude oils and sour crude oils that we processed during the year ended december 31, 2014 had a positive impact to our refining margin of approximately $680 million and $800 million, respectively.
•   higher throughput volumes - refining throughput volumes increased 83,000 bpd for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. we estimate that the increase in refining throughput volumes had a positive impact on our refining margin of approximately $340 million.
•   lower costs of biofuel credits - as more fully described in note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements, we purchase biofuel credits in order to meet our biofuel blending obligations under various government and regulatory compliance programs, and the cost of these credits (primarily rins in the u.s.) decreased by $145 million from $517 million in 2013 to $372 million in 2014. this decrease was due primarily to a reduction in the market price of rins between the two years.
•   increase in other refinery products margins - we experienced an increase in the margins of other refinery products relative to brent crude oil, such as petroleum coke and sulfur during 2014 compared to 2013. margins for other refinery products were higher during 2014 due to the decrease in the cost of crude oils during the year compared to 2013. for example, the benchmark price of brent crude oil was $99.57 per barrel for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $108.74 for the year ended december 31,
2013. we estimate that the increase in other refinery products margins during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 had a positive impact to our refining margin of approximately $430 million.
•   decrease in distillate margins - we experienced a decrease in distillate margins in our u.s. gulf coast region primarily due to the decrease in refined product prices . for example, the brent-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. gulf coast ultra-low sulfur diesel was $14.28 per barrel for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $15.95 per barrel for the year ended december 31, 2013, representing an unfavorable decrease of $1.67 per barrel. we estimate that the decline in distillate margins during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 had a negative impact to our refining margin of approximately $400 million.
the increase of $190 million in operating expenses was primarily due to a $128 million increase in energy costs related to higher natural gas prices ($4.36 per mmbtu for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $3.69 per mmbtu for the year ended december 31, 2013) and a $22 million increase in maintenance expense primarily related to higher levels of routine maintenance activities during the year ended december 31, 2014.
the increase of $31 million in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to additional depreciation expense of $25 million associated with the new hydrocracker unit at our st. charles refinery that began operating in july 2013.
ethanol ethanol segment operating income was $786 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $491 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the $295 million increase in operating income was due primarily to a $399 million increase in gross margin (a $0.29 per gallon increase), partially offset by a $100 million increase in operating expenses.
ethanol gross margin per gallon increased to $1.06 per gallon for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $0.77 per gallon for the year ended december 31, 2013 due primarily to the following:
•   lower corn prices - corn prices were lower in 2014 due to higher corn inventories in 2014 compared to 2013, which resulted from a higher yielding harvest in 2013 compared to the drought-stricken harvest of 2012. for example, the chicago board of trade corn price was $4.16 per bushel in 2014 compared to $5.80 per bushel in 2013. the decrease in the price of corn that we processed during 2014 favorably impacted our ethanol margin by approximately $910 million.
•   lower ethanol prices - ethanol prices were lower in 2014 due to higher ethanol inventories resulting from higher industry run rates in 2014 as compared to 2013. the decrease in crude oil and gasoline prices in 2014 also contributed to the decrease in ethanol prices. for example, the new york harbor ethanol price was $2.37 per gallon in 2014 compared to $2.53 per gallon in 2013. the decrease in the price of ethanol per gallon during 2014 had an unfavorable impact to our ethanol margin of approximately $260 million.
•   lower co-product prices - the decrease in corn prices in 2014 had a negative effect on the prices we received for corn-related ethanol co-products, such as distillers grains and corn oil. the decrease in co-products prices had an unfavorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $250 million.
the $100 million increase in operating expenses during 2014 compared to 2013 was partially due to $22 million in operating expenses of the mount vernon plant acquired in march 2014. the remaining increase of $78 million was primarily due to increased energy costs and chemical costs. the increase in energy costs of $57 million was due primarily to the severe winter weather in the u.s. in the first quarter of 2014 that caused a significant increase in regional natural gas prices combined with higher use of natural gas due to the increase in production volumes. the increase in chemical costs of $16 million was due to higher production volumes.
corporate expenses and other general and administrative expenses decreased $34 million from the year ended december 31, 2013 to the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to $30 million of transaction costs related to the separation of our retail business on may 1, 2013 that were recorded in 2013 and did not recur.
"interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest" for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased $32 million from the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily due to a $48 million decrease in capitalized interest due to the completion of several large capital projects during 2013, including the new hydrocracker at our st. charles refinery, partially offset by a $20 million favorable impact from a decrease in average borrowings.
income tax expense increased $523 million from the year ended december 31, 2013 to the year ended december 31, 2014 due to higher income from continuing operations before income tax expense. the effective rate for both years is lower than the u.s. statutory rate because income from continuing operations from our international operations was taxed at statutory rates that were lower than in the u.s. and due to a higher benefit from our u.s. manufacturing deduction.
income (loss) from discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes expenses of $59 million for an asset retirement obligation and $4 million for certain contractual obligations associated with our decision in may 2014 to abandon the aruba refinery, as further described in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
financial highlights (a)
2013 (b)                    2012                change operating revenues                                                      $138,074                $138,393                 $(319    )
costs and expenses:
total costs and expenses                                                 134,117                 133,349                   768
gain on disposition of retained interest in cst brands, inc. (b)             325                       -                   325
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                      (365    )               (314    )              (51    )
income from continuing operations before income tax expense                3,976                   4,740                  (764    )
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest                8                      (3    )               11
2013                                                                    2012                change refining (c):
operating costs per barrel:
total operating costs per barrel             5.39                  5.13                  0.26
2013                                                                               2012                change u.s. gulf coast (a) (c):
operating costs per barrel:
total operating costs per barrel                        5.30                  4.83                  0.47
operating costs per barrel:
total operating costs per barrel                        5.22                  5.50                 (0.28    )
operating costs per barrel:
total operating costs per barrel                        4.53                  4.44                  0.09
operating costs per barrel:
total operating costs per barrel                        7.70                  7.34                  0.36
operating income for regions above                    $4,211                $5,549               $(1,338    )
average market reference prices and differentials
2013                                                                                              2012                change feedstocks:
natural gas (dollars per million british thermal units (mmbtu))        3.69                  2.71                  0.98
2013                                                                             2012              change ethanol:
operating costs per gallon of production:
total operating costs per gallon of production        0.36                  0.34                0.02
(a)   in may 2014, we abandoned our aruba refinery, except for the associated crude oil and refined products terminal assets that we continue to operate. as a result, the refinery's results of operations have been presented as discontinued operations and the operating highlights for the refining segment and the u.s. gulf coast region exclude the aruba refinery for all years presented.this transaction is more fully described in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
(b)   on may 1, 2013, we completed the separation of our retail business. as a result and effective may 1, 2013, our results of operations no longer include those of cst, our former retail business. the nature and significance of our post-separation participation in the supply of motor fuel to cst represents a continuation of activities with cst for accounting purposes. as such, the historical results of operations related to cst have not been reported as discontinued operations in the statements of income. this transaction is more fully discussed in note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
(c)   asset impairment losses for the year ended december 31, 2012 include asset impairment losses of $65 million ($42 million after taxes) related to equipment associated with permanently cancelled capital project at several of our refineries and $21 million ($13 million after taxes) related to certain retail stores in 2012 that we owned prior to the separation of our retail business. the total asset impairment losses of $86 million are reflected in the operating income of the respective segments for the year ended december 31, 2012, but the asset impairment losses associated with the cancelled capital projects are excluded from the operating costs per barrel and operating income per barrel for the refining segment and the u.s. gulf coast region.
(d)   u.s. mid-continent product specifications for gasoline changed on september 16, 2013 from conventional 87 to cbob gasoline. therefore, average market reference prices for comparable products meeting the new specifications required in this region are now being provided for all years presented.
(g)   the regions reflected herein contain the following refineries: the u.s. gulf coast region includes corpus christi east, corpus christi west, houston, meraux, port arthur, st. charles, texas city, and three rivers refineries;
the u.s. mid-continent region includes the ardmore, mckee, and memphis refineries; the north atlantic region includes the pembroke and quebec city refineries; and the u.s.west coast region includes the benicia and wilmington refineries.
general operating revenues decreased $319 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012 primarily as a result of lower average refined product prices between the two years related to our refining segment operations. in addition, operating income decreased $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012 primarily due to a $1.3 billion decrease in refining segment operating income, a $267 million decrease in retail segment operating income, and a $60 million increase in general and administrative expenses, partially offset by a $538 million increase in ethanol segment operating income. the reasons for these changes in the operating results of our segments and general and administrative expenses, as well as other items that affected our income, are discussed below.
refining refining segment operating income decreased $1.3 billion from $5.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2012 to $4.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in refining segment operating income was primarily due to an $855 million decrease in refining margin, a $221 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, and a $197 million increase in operating expenses.
•   decrease in gasoline margins - we experienced a decline in gasoline margins throughout all of our regions during 2013 compared to 2012. for example, the wti-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. mid-continent cbob gasoline was $16.77 per barrel during 2013 compared to $25.40 per barrel during 2012, representing an unfavorable decrease of $8.63 per barrel. we estimate that the decline in gasoline margins per barrel during 2013 compared to 2012 had a negative impact to our refining margin of approximately $790 million for all refining regions.
•   lower discounts on wti-type crude oils in the u.s. mid-continent region - because the market for refined products generally tracks the price of brent crude oil, which is a benchmark sweet crude oil, we benefit when we process crude oils that are priced at a discount to brent crude oil. in 2013, the discount in the price of wti compared to the price of brent crude oil narrowed compared to 2012. wti crude oil sold at a discount of $10.80 per barrel to brent crude oil in 2013 compared to a discount of $17.55 per barrel in 2012, representing an unfavorable decrease of $6.75 per barrel. therefore, the lower discount on wti-type crude oils that we processed negatively impacted our refining margin. we estimate that the decrease in the discounts for wti-type crude oils that we processed during 2013 reduced our refining margin by approximately $640 million.
•   higher costs of biofuel credits - as more fully described in note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements, we must purchase biofuel credits in order to meet our biofuel blending obligation under various government and regulatory compliance programs, and the cost of these credits (primarily rins in the u.s.) increased by $267 million from $250 million in 2012 to $517 million in 2013. this increase was due to an increase in the market price of rins caused by an expectation in the market of a shortage in available rins.
•   increase in distillate margins - despite lower distillate prices throughout all of our regions during 2013 compared to 2012, we experienced an increase in distillate margins during 2013 compared to 2012 as a result of increased production volumes of distillate between the years. this production volume increase of 75,000 barrels per day was primarily due to the start up of our new hydrocracker units at our port arthur and st. charles refineries, resulting in a $370 million increase in our refining margin in 2013.
•   higher discounts on medium sour crude oils - in 2013, the discount in the price of medium sour crude oils compared to the price of brent crude oil widened. for example, mars crude oil, which is a medium sour crude oil, sold at a discount of $5.52 per barrel to brent crude oil in 2013 compared to a discount of $3.97 per barrel during 2012, representing a favorable increase of $1.55 per barrel. therefore, the higher discounts on the medium sour crude oils we processed favorably impacted our refining margin. we estimate that the increase in the discounts for medium sour crude oils that we processed during 2013 had a favorable impact to our refining margin of approximately $260 million.
the increase of $197 million in operating expenses was primarily due to a $185 million increase in energy costs related to higher natural gas costs and higher use of natural gas associated with our new hydrocracker units at our port arthur and st. charles refineries.
the increase of $221 million in depreciation and amortization expense was due to additional depreciation expense primarily associated with our new hydrocracker units at our port arthur and st. charles refineries that began operating in late 2012 and the third quarter of 2013, respectively, and an increase in refinery turnaround and catalyst amortization.
retail retail segment operating income was $81 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $348 million for the year december 31, 2012. the $267 million decrease was primarily due to the separation of our retail business on may 1, 2013, which is more fully described in note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements. as a result of the separation, retail segment operating income for 2013 reflects the operations of our former retail business for only the first four months of 2013.
ethanol ethanol segment operating income was $491 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to an operating loss of $47 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. the $538 million increase in operating income was primarily due to a $596 million increase in gross margin, partially offset by a $55 million increase in operating expenses.
•   lower corn prices - corn prices were lower in 2013 as many of the corn-producing regions of the u.s. mid-continent recovered from a drought that began in the second quarter of 2012. for example, the chicago board of trade corn price was $5.80 per bushel in 2013 compared to $6.94 per bushel in 2012. the decrease in the price of corn that we processed during 2013 favorably impacted our ethanol margin by approximately $290 million.
•   higher ethanol prices - ethanol prices were higher in 2013 due to a decrease in the supply of ethanol in the market. the decrease in supply resulted from reduced production in 2012 and early 2013 as the industry responded to a narrowing of ethanol gross margin per gallon, which was due to higher corn prices primarily caused by the drought in the corn-producing regions of the u.s. mid-continent
described above. by mid-2013, ethanol inventory levels in the u.s. had declined to their lowest level in over three years and as a result, prices increased significantly beginning late in the first quarter of 2013. for example, the new york harbor ethanol price was $2.53 per gallon in 2013 compared to $2.37 per gallon in 2012. the increase in the price of ethanol per gallon during 2013 had a favorable impact to our ethanol margin of approximately $160 million.
•   increased production volumes - ethanol margin also improved due to increased production volumes between the years of 327,000 gallons per day in 2013 compared to 2012 in response to the improved ethanol gross margin per gallon. the increase in production volumes during 2013 had a favorable impact to our ethanol gross margin of approximately $85 million.
the $55 million increase in operating expenses during 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to a $40 million increase in energy costs compared to 2012 resulting from higher natural gas prices during 2013 and a $12 million year over year increase in chemical costs due to higher production.
corporate expenses and other general and administrative expenses increased $60 million from the year ended december 31, 2012 to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to $52 million of environmental and legal reserve adjustments that were recorded during 2013 and $30 million for transaction costs related to the separation of our retail business on may 1, 2013. these increases were partially offset by an $11 million reduction in insurance reserves during 2013. the increase in corporate depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to $20 million of losses incurred on the sale of certain corporate property.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized a nontaxable gain of $325 million, or $0.60 per share, related to the disposition of our retained interest in cst, which is more fully described in notes 3 and 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
"interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest" for the year ended december 31, 2013 increased $51 million from the year ended december 31, 2012. this increase was primarily due to a $102 million decrease in capitalized interest due to completion of several large capital projects, including the new hydrocrackers at our port arthur and st. charles refineries, offset by a $44 million favorable impact from the decrease in average borrowings and a $12 million write-off of unamortized debt discounts related to the early redemption of certain industrial revenue bonds in the first quarter of 2012.
income tax expense decreased $372 million from the year ended december 31, 2012 to the year ended december 31, 2013. the variation in the customary relationship between income tax expense and income from continuing operations before income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2013 was primarily due to the nontaxable gain on the disposition of our retained interest in cst.
loss from discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2012 represents the results of operations of the aruba refinery, which was abandoned in may 2014, including an asset impairment loss of $928 million as discussed in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2014
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $4.2 billion compared to $5.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was due primarily to a $2.7 billion unfavorable effect from changes in working capital between the periods partially offset by the increase in income from continuing operations discussed above under "results of operations." the changes in cash provided by or used for working capital during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 are shown in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2014, along with$603 million from available cash on hand, was used mainly to:
•   fund $2.8 billion of capital expenditures and deferred turnaround and catalyst costs;
•   purchase common stock for treasury of $1.3 billion; and
cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2013
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $5.6 billion compared to $5.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2012. changes in cash provided by or used for working capital during the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 are shown in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the net cash generated from operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2013 combined with $735 million of net cash received in connection with the separation of our retail business (consisting of $550 million of proceeds on short-term debt, a $500 million cash distribution from cst less $315 million of cash retained by cst), and $525 million of proceeds on short-term debt related to the disposition of our retained interest in cst were used mainly to:
•   fund $2.8 billion of capital expenditures and deferred turnaround and catalyst costs;
•   purchase common stock for treasury of $928 million;
in addition, vlp completed its initial public offering of common units for net proceeds of $369 million. because we consolidate vlp's financial statements, the total cash reported by us also increased by these net proceeds; however, such proceeds can only be used by vlp for its purposes.
capital investments our operations, especially those of our refining segment, are highly capital intensive. each of our refineries comprises a large base of property assets, consisting of a series of interconnected, highly integrated and interdependent crude oil processing facilities and supporting logistical infrastructure (units), and these units are improved continuously. the cost of improvements, which consist of the addition of new units and betterments of existing units, can be significant. we have historically acquired our refineries at amounts significantly below their replacement costs, whereas our improvements are made at full replacement value. as such, the costs for improving our refinery assets increase over time and are significant in relation to the amounts we paid to acquire our refineries. we plan for these improvements by developing a multi-year capital program that is updated and revised based on changing internal and external factors.
we make improvements to our refineries in order to maintain and enhance their operating reliability, to meet environmental obligations with respect to reducing emissions and removing prohibited elements from the products we produce, or to enhance their profitability. reliability and environmental improvements generally do not increase the throughput capacities of our refineries. improvements that enhance refinery profitability may increase throughput capacity, but many of these improvements allow our refineries to process different types of crude oil and refine crude oil into products with higher market values. therefore, many of our improvements do not increase throughput capacity significantly.
for 2015, we expect to incur approximately $1.95 billion for capital expenditures and approximately $700 million for deferred turnaround and catalyst costs. the capital expenditure estimate excludes expenditures related to potential strategic acquisitions and joint venture arrangements. we continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant.
we hold an option until january 2016 to purchase a 50 percent interest in the diamond pipeline project, a 440-mile, 20-inch crude oil pipeline that is projected to provide capacity of up to 200,000 bpd of domestic sweet crude oil from the plains cushing, oklahoma terminal to our memphis refinery. the diamond pipeline project is currently being constructed by a third party for an estimated $900 million and is expected to be completed in 2017.
2015                                                                                                               2016                2017                2018                2019            thereafter           total debt and capitallease obligations (including interest on capital lease obligations)        $609                  $8                $956                  $6                $756              $4,092            $6,427
other long-term liabilities                                                                   -                 159                 144                 145                 139               1,352             1,939
debt and capital lease obligations in february 2015, we made a scheduled debt repayment of $400 million related to our 4.5% senior notes.
as of december 31, 2014, we had an accounts receivable sales facility with a group of third-party entities and financial institutions to sell eligible trade receivables on a revolving basis up to $1.5 billion. in december 2014, the actual availability under the facility fell below the facility borrowing capacity to $1.4 billion primarily due to a decline in eligible trade receivables as a result of a decrease in the latter part of 2014 in the market prices of the finished products that we produce. as of december 31, 2014, the amount of eligible receivables sold was $100 million. all amounts outstanding under this facility are reflected as debt.
our debt and financing agreements do not have rating agency triggers that would automatically require us to post additional collateral. however, in the event of certain downgrades of our senior unsecured debt by the ratings agencies, the cost of borrowings under some of our bank credit facilities and other arrangements would increase. all of our ratings on our senior unsecured debt are at or above investment grade level as follows:
rating agency                            rating moody's investors service                baa2 (stable outlook)
fitch ratings                            bbb (stable outlook)
we cannot provide assurance that these ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that one or more of these ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. we note that these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the rating agency. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. any future reduction below investment grade or withdrawal of one or more of our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing and the cost of such financings.
operating lease obligations our operating lease obligations include leases for land, office facilities and equipment, transportation equipment, time charters for ocean-going tankers and coastal vessels, dock facilities, and various facilities and equipment used in the storage, transportation, production, and sale of refinery feedstocks, refined products, and corn inventories. operating lease obligations include all operating leases that have initial or remaining noncancelable terms in excess of one year, and are not reduced by minimum rentals to be received by us under subleases.
purchase obligations a purchase obligation is an enforceable and legally binding agreement to purchase goods or services that specifies significant terms, including (i) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, (ii) fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions, and (iii) the approximate timing of the transaction. we have various purchase obligations including industrial gas and chemical supply arrangements (such as hydrogen supply arrangements), crude oil and other feedstock supply arrangements, and various throughput and terminalling agreements. we enter into these contracts to ensure an adequate supply of utilities and feedstock and adequate storage capacity to operate our refineries. substantially all of our purchase obligations are based on market prices or adjustments based on market indices. certain of these purchase obligations include fixed or minimum volume requirements, while others are based on our usage requirements. the purchase obligation amounts shown in the table above include both short- and long-term obligations and are based on (a) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and (b) fixed or estimated prices to be paid based on current market conditions. purchase obligations decreased from 2013 to 2014 primarily because of a decline in crude oil and refined product prices.
other long-term liabilities our other long-term liabilities are described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements. for purposes of reflecting amounts for other long-term liabilities in the table above, we made our best estimate of expected payments for each type of liability based on information available as of december 31, 2014.
other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2014, we had outstanding letters of credit under our committed lines of credit as follows (in millions):
borrowingcapacity   expiration      outstandingletters of credit letter of credit facilities            $550           june 2015       $56
as of december 31, 2014, we had no amounts borrowed under our revolving credit facilities. the letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2014 expire in 2015 through 2017.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements that would result in off-balance sheet liabilities.
other matters impacting liquidity and capital resources stock purchase programs as of december 31, 2014, we have approvals under our $3 billion common stock purchase program to purchase approximately $1.5 billion of our common stock, but we have no obligation to make purchases under this program. year to date through february 20, 2015, we have purchased one million shares for $57 million under this stock purchase program.
pension plan funding we plan to contribute approximately $47 million to our pension plans and $20 million to our other postretirement benefit plans during 2015.
environmental matters our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations by governmental authorities relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, greenhouse gas emissions, and characteristics and composition of gasolines and distillates. because environmental laws and regulations are becoming more complex and stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, the level of future expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future as previously discussed above in "outlook." in addition, any major upgrades in any of our operating facilities could require material additional expenditures to comply with environmental laws and regulations. see notes 10 and 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our environmental matters.
tax matters during the year ended december 31, 2014, we paid $1.6 billion in income taxes, of which $400 million related to 2013 that was recorded in income taxes payable as of december 31, 2013. the payments made for the year ended december 31, 2014 exceeded income taxes paid for 2013 by $800 million. the increase in income taxes paid in 2014 is due in part to higher income from continuing operations before income tax expense. although the amount of cash required to pay our 2014 income taxes increased compared to recent years, we generated and expect to continue generating sufficient cash from operations to make our tax payments as they become due.
the internal revenue service (irs) has ongoing tax audits related to our u.s. federal tax returns from 2004 through 2011, and we have received revenue agent reports (rars) in connection with the audits for tax years 2004 through 2009. we are vigorously contesting certain tax positions and assertions included in the rars and continue to make significant progress in resolving certain of these matters with the irs. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we settled the audit related to our 2002 and 2003 tax years and the audit related to a group of our subsidiaries for their 2004 and 2005 tax years consistent with the recorded amounts of uncertain tax position liabilities associated with those audits. in addition, we expect to settle our audits for tax years 2004 through 2007 within the next 12 months and we believe they will be settled for amounts that do not exceed the recorded amounts of uncertain tax position liabilities associated with those audits. as a result, we have classified a portion of our uncertain tax position liabilities as a current liability. as of december 31, 2014, the total amount of uncertain tax position liabilities, including related penalties and interest, was $484 million, with $168 million reflected as a current liability in income taxes payable and $316 million reflected in other long-term liabilities. should we ultimately settle for amounts consistent with our estimates, we believe that we will have sufficient cash on hand at that time to make such payments.
cash held by our international subsidiaries we operate in countries outside the u.s. through subsidiaries incorporated in these countries, and the earnings of these subsidiaries are taxed by the countries in which they are incorporated. we intend to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in our international operations even though we are not restricted from repatriating such earnings to the u.s. in the form of cash dividends. should we decide to repatriate such earnings, we would incur and pay taxes on the amounts repatriated. in addition, such repatriation could cause us to record deferred tax expense that could significantly impact our results of operations, as further discussed in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we believe, however, that a substantial portion of our international cash can be returned to the u.s. without significant tax consequences through means other than a repatriation of earnings. as of december 31, 2014, $738 million of our cash and temporary cash investments was held by our international subsidiaries.
emissions allowances and cap-and-trade the cost to implement certain provisions of the ab 32 cap-and-trade system and low carbon fuel standard in california and the quebec cap-and-trade system may be significant; however, we expect to recover the majority of these costs from our customers.
concentration of customers our refining and marketing operations have a concentration of customers in the refining industry and customers who are refined product wholesalers and retailers. these concentrations of customers may impact our overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that these customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions. however, we believe that our portfolio of accounts receivable is sufficiently diversified to the extent necessary to minimize potential credit risk. historically, we have not had any significant problems collecting our accounts receivable.
sources of liquidity we believe that we have sufficient funds from operations and, to the extent necessary, from borrowings under our credit facilities, to fund our ongoing operating requirements. we expect that, to the extent necessary, we can raise additional funds from time to time through equity or debt financings in the public and private capital markets or the arrangement of additional credit facilities. however, there can be no assurances regarding the availability of any future financings or additional credit facilities or whether such financings or additional credit facilities can be made available on terms that are acceptable to us.
new accounting pronouncements as discussed in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements, certain new financial accounting pronouncements will become effective for our financial statements in the future. the adoption of these pronouncements is not expected to have a material effect on our financial statements, except as otherwise disclosed.
critical accounting policies involving critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ from those estimates. the following summary provides further information about our critical accounting policies that involve critical accounting estimates, and should be read in conjunction with note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements, which summarizes our significant accounting policies. the following accounting policies involve estimates that are considered critical due to the level of subjectivity and judgment involved, as well as the impact on our financial position and results of operations. we believe that all of our estimates are reasonable.
property, plant, and equipment depreciation of property assets used in our refining segment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of these assets primarily using the composite method of depreciation. we maintain a separate composite group of property assets for each of our refineries. we estimate the useful life of each group based on an evaluation of the property assets comprising the group, and such evaluations consist of, but are not limited to, the physical inspection of the assets to determine their condition, consideration of the manner in which the assets are maintained, assessment of the need to replace assets, and evaluation of the manner in which improvements impact the useful life of the group. the estimated useful lives of our composite groups range primarily from 25 to 30 years.
under the composite method of depreciation, the cost of an improvement is added to the composite group to which it relates and is depreciated over that group's estimated useful life. we design improvements to our refineries in accordance with engineering specifications, design standards, and practices accepted in our industry, and these improvements have design lives consistent with our estimated useful lives. therefore, we believe the use of the group life to depreciate the cost of improvements made to the group is reasonable because the estimated useful life of each improvement is consistent with that of the group. it should be noted, however, that factors such as competition, regulation, or environmental matters could cause us to change our estimates, thus impacting depreciation expense in the future.
impairment of assets long-lived assets (which include property, plant, and equipment, intangible assets, and deferred refinery turnaround and catalyst costs) and equity method investments are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. an impairment loss should be recognized if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value.
in order to test for recoverability, we must make estimates of projected cash flows related to the asset being evaluated, which include, but are not limited to, assumptions about the use or disposition of the asset, its estimated remaining life, and future expenditures necessary to maintain its existing service potential. in order to determine fair value, management must make certain estimates and assumptions including, among other things, an assessment of market conditions, projected cash flows, investment rates, interest/equity rates, and growth rates, that could significantly impact the fair value of the asset being tested for impairment. our
impairment evaluations are based on assumptions that we deem to be reasonable. providing sensitivity analyses if other assumptions were used in performing the impairment evaluations is not practicable due to the significant number of assumptions involved in the estimates. see notes 2 and 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our asset impairment analysis and certain losses resulting from those analyses.
environmental matters our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations by governmental authorities relating primarily to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, and pollution prevention measures. future legislative action and regulatory initiatives, as discussed in note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements could result in changes to required operating permits, additional remedial actions, or increased capital expenditures and operating costs that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time.
accruals for environmental liabilities are based on best estimates of probable undiscounted future costs over a 20-year time period using currently available technology and applying current regulations, as well as our own internal environmental policies. however, environmental liabilities are difficult to assess and estimate due to uncertainties related to the magnitude of possible remediation, the timing of such remediation, and the determination of our obligation in proportion to other parties. such estimates are subject to change due to many factors, including the identification of new sites requiring remediation, changes in environmental laws and regulations and their interpretation, additional information related to the extent and nature of remediation efforts, and potential improvements in remediation technologies. an estimate of the sensitivity to earnings for changes in those factors is not practicable due to the number of contingencies that must be assessed, the number of underlying assumptions, and the wide range of possible outcomes.
the amount of and changes in our accruals for environmental matters as of and for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 is included in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations we have significant pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities and costs that are developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions including discount rates, expected return on plan assets, future compensation increases, and health care cost trend rates, and these assumptions are disclosed and described in note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements. changes in these assumptions are primarily influenced by factors outside of our control. for example, the discount rate assumption represents a yield curve comprised of various long-term bonds that have an average rating of double-a when averaging all available ratings by the recognized rating agencies, while the expected return on plan assets is based on a compounded return calculated assuming an asset allocation that is representative of the asset mix in our pension plans. to determine the expected return on plan assets, we utilized a forward-looking model of asset returns. the historical geometric average return over the 10 years prior to december 31, 2014 was 7.71 percent. the actual return on assets for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was 7.33 percent, 19.38 percent, and 11.84 percent, respectively. these assumptions can have a significant effect on the amounts reported in our financial statements. for example, a 0.25 percent decrease in the assumptions related to the discount rate or expected return on plan assets or a 0.25 percent increase in the assumptions related to the health care cost trend rate or rate of compensation increase would have the following effects on the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2014 and net periodic benefit cost for the year ending december 31, 2015 (in millions):
pension benefits      otherpostretirementbenefits increase in projected benefit obligation resulting from:
expected return on plan assets decrease                                5              n/a compensation rate increase                                             2              n/a health care cost trend rate increase                                 n/a              -
see note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
tax matters we record tax liabilities based on our assessment of existing tax laws and regulations. a contingent loss related to an indirect tax (excise/duty, sales/use, gross receipts, and/or value-added tax) claim is recorded if the loss is both probable and estimable. the recording of our tax liabilities requires significant judgments and estimates. actual tax liabilities can vary from our estimates for a variety of reasons, including different interpretations of tax laws and regulations and different assessments of the amount of tax due. in addition, in determining our income tax provision, we must assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets, primarily consisting of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, will be recovered through future taxable income. significant judgment is required in estimating the amount of valuation allowance, if any, that should be recorded against those deferred income tax assets. if our actual results of operations differ from such estimates
or our estimates of future taxable income change, the valuation allowance may need to be revised. however, an estimate of the sensitivity to earnings that would result from changes in the assumptions and estimates used in determining our tax liabilities is not practicable due to the number of assumptions and tax laws involved, the various potential interpretations of the tax laws, and the wide range of possible outcomes. see notes 12 and 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our tax liabilities.
legal matters a variety of claims have been made against us in various lawsuits. we record a liability related to a loss contingency attributable to such legal matters if we determine that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and that the loss is reasonably estimable. the recording of such liabilities requires judgments and estimates, the results of which can vary significantly from actual litigation results due to differing interpretations of relevant law and differing opinions regarding the degree of potential liability and the assessment of reasonable damages. however, an estimate of the sensitivity to earnings if other assumptions were used in recording our legal liabilities is not practicable due to the number of contingencies that must be assessed and the wide range of reasonably possible outcomes, both in terms of the probability of loss and the estimates of such loss.