item 1a.    risk factors this section discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. it does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. if any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed below or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected and the value of our securities could decline.
we have grouped these risk factors into three general categories:
•   risks arising from our business;
•   risks arising from our capital structure; and
•   risks arising from our status as a reit.
risks arising from our business the properties managed by atria and sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; adverse developments in atria's or sunrise's business and affairs or financial condition could have a material adverse effect on us.
as of december 31, 2014, atria and sunrise, collectively, managed 269 of our seniors housing communities pursuant to long-term management agreements. these properties represent a substantial portion of our portfolio, based on their gross book value, and account for a significant portion of our revenues and noi. although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, we rely on atria's and sunrise's personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our senior living operations efficiently and effectively. we also rely on atria and sunrise to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results for our properties in a timely manner and to otherwise operate our seniors housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. for example, we depend on atria's and sunrise's ability to attract and retain skilled management personnel who are responsible for the day-to-day operations of our seniors housing communities. a shortage of nurses or other trained personnel or general inflationary pressures may force atria or sunrise to enhance its pay and benefits package to compete effectively for such personnel, but it may not be able to offset these added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents. any increase in labor costs and other property operating expenses, any failure by atria or sunrise to attract and retain qualified personnel, or significant changes in atria's or sunrise's senior management or equity ownership could adversely affect the income we receive from our seniors housing communities and have a material adverse effect on us.
because atria and sunrise manage our properties in exchange for the receipt of a management fee from us, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of our managers in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. however, any adverse developments in atria's or sunrise's business and affairs or financial condition could impair its ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively and could have a material adverse effect on us. if atria or sunrise experiences any significant financial, legal, accounting or regulatory difficulties due to a weak economy or otherwise, such difficulties could result in, among other adverse events, acceleration of its indebtedness, impairment of its continued access to capital, the enforcement of default remedies by its counterparties, or the commencement of insolvency proceedings by or against it under the u.s. bankruptcy code, any one or a combination of which indirectly could have a material adverse effect on us.
our leases with brookdale senior living and kindred account for a significant portion of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and operating income; any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living or kindred to satisfy its obligations under our agreements could have a material adverse effect on us.
the properties we lease to brookdale senior living and kindred account for a significant portion of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and noi, and because our leases with brookdale senior living and the kindred master leases are triple-net leases, we depend on brookdale senior living and kindred to pay all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. we cannot assure you that brookdale senior living and kindred will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable them to satisfy their respective obligations to us, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living or kindred to do so could have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, any failure by brookdale senior living or kindred to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect its business reputation and its ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our
properties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. brookdale senior living and kindred have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses, and we cannot assure you that brookdale senior living and kindred will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable them to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations.
we are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers or other obligors may become bankrupt or insolvent. although our lease, loan and management agreements give us the right to exercise certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events, federal laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. for example, a debtor-lessee may reject our lease in a bankruptcy proceeding, in which case our claim against the debtor-lessee for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap of the u.s. bankruptcy code. this statutory cap could be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. in addition, a debtor-lessee may assert in a bankruptcy proceeding that our lease should be re-characterized as a financing agreement, in which case our rights and remedies as a lender, compared to a landlord, generally would be more limited. if a debtor-manager seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the u.s. bankruptcy code would preclude us from enforcing our remedies against the manager unless relief is first obtained from the court having jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. in any of these events, we also may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties or transition our properties to a new tenant, operator or manager.
we have rights to terminate our management agreements with atria and sunrise in whole or with respect to specific properties under certain circumstances, and we may be unable to replace atria or sunrise if our management agreements are terminated or not renewed.
we are parties to long-term management agreements pursuant to which atria and sunrise, collectively, provided comprehensive property management and accounting services with respect to 269 of our seniors housing communities as of december 31, 2014. most of our management agreements with atria have terms expiring either july 31, 2024 or december 31, 2027, with successive automatic ten-year renewal periods, and our management agreements with sunrise have terms ranging from 25 to 30 years (which commenced as early as 2004 and as recently as 2012). our ability to terminate these long-term management agreements is limited to specific circumstances set forth in the agreements and may relate to all properties or a specific property or group of properties.
we may terminate any of our atria management agreements upon the occurrence of an event of default by atria in the performance of a material covenant or term thereof (including, in certain circumstances, the revocation of any license or certificate necessary for operation), subject in most cases to atria's right to cure such default, or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events relating to atria. in addition, we may terminate our management agreements with atria based on the failure to achieve certain noi targets or upon the payment of a fee.
similarly, we may terminate any of our sunrise management agreements upon the occurrence of an event of default by sunrise in the performance of a material covenant or term thereof (including, in certain circumstances, the revocation of any license or certificate necessary for operation), subject in most cases to sunrise's right to cure such default, or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events relating to sunrise. we also may terminate most of our management agreements with sunrise based on the failure to achieve certain noi targets or to comply with certain expense control covenants, subject to certain rights of sunrise to make cure payments to us, and upon the occurrence of certain other events or the existence of certain other conditions.
we continually monitor and assess our contractual rights and remedies under our management agreements with atria and sunrise. when determining whether to pursue any existing or future rights or remedies under those agreements, including termination rights, we consider numerous factors, including legal, contractual, regulatory, business and other relevant considerations. in the event that we exercise our rights to terminate the atria or sunrise management agreements for any reason or such agreements are not renewed upon expiration of their terms, we would attempt to reposition the affected properties with another manager. although we believe that many qualified national and regional seniors housing operators would be interested in managing our seniors housing communities, we cannot assure you that we would be able to locate another suitable manager or, if we are successful in locating such a manager, that it would manage the properties effectively. moreover, the transition to a replacement manager would require approval by the applicable regulatory authorities and, in most cases, the mortgage lenders for the properties, and we cannot assure you that such approvals would be granted on a timely basis, if at all. any inability to replace, or a lengthy delay in replacing, atria or sunrise as the manager of our seniors housing
communities following termination or non-renewal of the applicable management agreements could have a material adverse effect on us.
if we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
we cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases beyond their current term. if our leases with brookdale senior living, the kindred master leases or any of our other triple-net leases are not renewed, we would attempt to reposition those properties with another tenant or operator. in case of non-renewal, we generally have one year prior to expiration of the lease term to arrange for repositioning of the properties and our tenants are required to continue to perform all of their obligations (including the payment of all rental amounts) for the non-renewed assets until such expiration. however, following expiration of a lease term or if we exercise our right to replace a tenant or operator in default, rental payments on the related properties could decline or cease altogether while we reposition the properties with a suitable replacement tenant or operator. we also might not be successful in identifying suitable replacements or entering into leases or other arrangements with new tenants or operators on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases, if at all, and we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being repositioned. in addition, we may incur certain obligations and liabilities, including obligations to indemnify the replacement tenant or operator, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
in the event of non-renewal or a tenant default, our ability to reposition our properties with a suitable replacement tenant or operator could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, con or other laws, as well as by the medicare and medicaid change-of-ownership rules, and we could incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. our ability to locate and attract suitable replacement tenants also could be impaired by the specialized healthcare uses or contractual restrictions on use of the properties, and we may be forced to spend substantial amounts to adapt the properties to other uses. any such delays, limitations and expenses could adversely impact our ability to collect rent, obtain possession of leased properties or otherwise exercise remedies for tenant default and could have a material adverse effect on us.
moreover, in connection with certain of our properties, we have entered into intercreditor agreements with the tenants' lenders or tri-party agreements with our lenders. our ability to exercise remedies under the applicable leases or management agreements or to reposition the applicable properties may be significantly delayed or limited by the terms of the intercreditor agreement or tri-party agreement. any such delay or limit on our rights and remedies could adversely affect our ability to mitigate our losses and could have a material adverse effect on us.
merger and acquisition activity or consolidation in the seniors housing and healthcare industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor's investment in, one or more of our tenants, operators or managers could have a material adverse effect on us.
the seniors housing and healthcare industries have recently experienced increased consolidation, including among owners of real estate and care providers. we compete with other healthcare reits, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders, real estate partnerships, banks, insurance companies, private equity firms and other investors that pursue a variety of investments, which may include investments in our tenants, operators or managers. a competitor's investment in one of our tenants, operators or managers could enable our competitor to influence that tenant's, operator's or manager's business and strategy in a manner that impairs our relationship with the tenant, operator or manager or is otherwise adverse to our interests. depending on our contractual agreements and the specific facts and circumstances, we may have the right to consent to, or otherwise exercise rights and remedies, including termination rights, on account of, a competitor's investment in, a change of control of, or other transactions impacting a tenant, operator or manager. in deciding whether to exercise our rights and remedies, including termination rights, we assess numerous factors, including legal, contractual, regulatory, business and other relevant considerations. in addition, in connection with any change of control of a tenant, operator or manager, the tenant's, operator's or manager's management team may change, which could lead to a change in the tenant's, operator's or manager's strategy or adversely affect the business of the tenant, operator or manager, either of which could have a material adverse effect on us.
our pursuit of investments in and acquisitions of, or our development or redevelopment of, seniors housing and healthcare assets may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations.
an important part of our business strategy is to continue to expand and diversify our portfolio through accretive acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities in domestic and international seniors housing and healthcare properties. our execution of this strategy by successfully identifying, securing and consummating beneficial transactions is made more challenging by increased competition and can be affected by many factors, including our
relationships with current and prospective clients, our ability to obtain debt and equity capital at costs comparable to or better than our competitors, and our ability to negotiate favorable terms with property owners seeking to sell and other contractual counterparties. our competitors for these opportunities include other healthcare reits, real estate partnerships, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. see "business-competition" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. if we are unsuccessful at identifying and capitalizing on investment, acquisition, development and redevelopment opportunities, our growth and profitability may be adversely affected.
investments in and acquisitions of seniors housing and healthcare properties entail risks associated with real estate investments generally, including risks that the investment will not achieve expected returns, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that the tenant, operator or manager will fail to meet performance expectations. investments outside the united states raise legal, economic and market risks associated with doing business in foreign countries, such as currency exchange fluctuations, costly regulatory requirements and foreign tax risks. domestic and international real estate development and redevelopment projects present additional risks, including construction delays or cost overruns that increase expenses, the inability to obtain required zoning, occupancy and other governmental approvals and permits on a timely basis, and the incurrence of significant costs prior to completion of the project. furthermore, healthcare properties are often highly customized and the development or redevelopment of such properties may require costly tenant-specific improvements. as a result, we cannot assure you that we will achieve the economic benefit we expect from acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities.
our significant acquisition and investment activity presents certain risks to our business and operations.
we have made and expect to continue to make significant acquisitions and investments as part of our overall business strategy. our significant acquisition and investment activity presents certain risks to our business and operations, including, among other things, that:
•   we may be unable to successfully integrate the operations, personnel or systems of acquired companies, maintain consistent standards, controls, policies and procedures, or realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions and other investments within the anticipated time frame or at all;
•   we may be unable to effectively monitor and manage our expanded portfolio of properties, retain key employees or attract highly qualified new employees;
•   projections of estimated future revenues, costs savings or operating metrics that we develop during the due diligence and integration planning process might be inaccurate;
•   our leverage could increase or our per share financial results could decline if we incur additional debt or issue equity securities to finance acquisitions and investments;
•   acquisitions and other new investments could divert management's attention from our existing assets;
•   the value of acquired assets or the market price of our common stock may decline; and
we cannot assure you that we will be able to integrate acquisitions and investments without encountering difficulties or that any such difficulties will not have a material adverse effect on us.
if the liabilities we assume in connection with acquisitions are greater than expected, or if there are unknown liabilities, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we may assume or incur liabilities in connection with our acquisitions, including, in some cases, contingent liabilities. as we integrate these acquisitions, we may learn additional information about the sellers, the properties, their operations and their liabilities that adversely affects us, such as:
•   liabilities relating to the clean-up or remediation of undisclosed environmental conditions;
•   unasserted claims of vendors or other persons dealing with the sellers;
•   liabilities, claims and litigation, including indemnification obligations, whether or not incurred in the ordinary course of business, relating to periods prior to or following our acquisition;
•   claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the sellers; and
•   liabilities for taxes relating to periods prior to our acquisition.
as a result, we cannot assure you that our past or future acquisitions will be successful or will not, in fact, harm our business. among other things, if the liabilities we assume in connection with acquisitions are greater than expected, or if we discover obligations relating to the acquired properties or businesses of which we were not aware at the time of acquisition, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we expect to incur substantial expenses related to our acquisition of hct.
the hct acquisition was completed in january 2015. we may incur substantial expenses in connection with integrating hct's business, operations, networks, systems, technologies, policies and procedures with ours. while we expect to incur a certain level of integration expenses, factors beyond our control could affect the total amount or the timing of integration expenses. many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately. as a result, the integration expenses associated with the hct acquisition could, particularly in the near term, exceed any savings that we expect to achieve from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings related to the integration of the businesses.
our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded portfolio and operations following the acquisition of hct.
as a result of the hct acquisition, we have an expanded portfolio and operations and likely will continue to expand operations through additional acquisitions and other strategic transactions, some of which may involve complex challenges. our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage our expansion opportunities, integrate new operations into our existing business in an efficient and timely manner, successfully monitor our operations, costs, regulatory compliance and service quality, and maintain other necessary internal controls. it is possible that our expansion or acquisition opportunities will not be successful. it is also possible that we will not realize expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements, synergies or other benefits.
our investments are concentrated in seniors housing and healthcare real estate, making us more vulnerable economically to adverse changes in the real estate market and the seniors housing and healthcare industries than if our investments were diversified.
we invest primarily in seniors housing and healthcare properties and are constrained by the terms of our existing indebtedness from making investments outside those industries. this investment focus exposes us to greater economic risk than if our portfolio were to include real estate assets in other industries or assets unrelated to real estate.
the healthcare industry is highly regulated, and changes in government regulation and reimbursement can have material adverse consequences on its participants, some of which may be unintended. the healthcare industry is also highly competitive, and our operators and managers may encounter increased competition for residents and patients, including with respect to the scope and quality of care and services provided, reputation and financial condition, physical appearance of the properties, price and location. if our tenants, operators and managers are unable to successfully compete with other operators and managers by maintaining profitable occupancy and rate levels, their ability to meet their respective obligations to us may be materially adversely affected. we cannot assure you that future changes in government regulation will not adversely affect the healthcare industry, including our seniors housing and healthcare operations, tenants and operators, nor can we be certain that our tenants, operators and managers will achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to satisfy their obligations to us. any adverse changes in the regulation of the healthcare industry or the competitiveness of our tenants, operators and managers could have a more pronounced effect on us than if we had investments outside the seniors housing and healthcare industries.
real estate investments are relatively illiquid, and our ability to quickly sell or exchange our properties in response to changes in economic or other conditions is limited. in the event we market any of our properties for sale, the value of those properties and our ability to sell at prices or on terms acceptable to us could be adversely affected by a downturn in the real estate industry or any economic weakness in the seniors housing and healthcare industries. in addition, transfers of healthcare properties may be subject to regulatory approvals that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial properties. we cannot assure you that we will recognize the full value of any property that we sell for liquidity or other reasons, and the inability to respond quickly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our operating assets expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on us.
our senior living and mob operating assets expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues, thereby reducing our profitability. these operational
risks include fluctuations in occupancy levels, the inability to achieve economic resident fees (including anticipated increases in those fees), increases in the cost of food, materials, energy, labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise) or other services, rent control regulations, national and regional economic conditions, the imposition of new or increased taxes, capital expenditure requirements, professional and general liability claims, and the availability and cost of professional and general liability insurance. any one or a combination of these factors could result in operating deficiencies in our senior living operations or mob operations reportable business segments, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
our ownership of properties outside the united states exposes us to different risks than those associated with our domestic properties.
our current or future ownership of properties outside the united states subjects us to risks that may be different or greater than those we face with our domestic properties. these risks include, but are not limited to:
•   challenges with respect to repatriation on foreign earnings and cash;
•   foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries;
•   regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability;
•   challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to real estate, corporate governance, operations, taxes, employment and legal proceedings;
•   differences in lending practices and the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing; and
•   failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the united states that affect foreign operations, including, but not limited to, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act.
increased construction in the markets in which our seniors housing communities and mobs are located could adversely affect our future occupancy rates, operating margins and profitability.
limited barriers to entry in the seniors housing and mob industries could lead to the development of new seniors housing communities or mobs that outpaces demand. if development outpaces demand for those assets in the markets in which our properties are located, those markets may become saturated and we could experience decreased occupancy, reduced operating margins and lower profitability.
we have now, and may have in the future, exposure to contingent rent escalators, which could hinder our growth and profitability.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues from leasing properties pursuant to long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates, subject to annual escalations. in certain cases, the annual escalations are contingent upon the achievement of specified revenue parameters or based on changes in cpi, with caps and floors. if, as a result of weak economic conditions or other factors, the properties subject to these leases do not generate sufficient revenue to achieve the specified rent escalation parameters or cpi does not increase, our growth and profitability may be hindered. if strong economic conditions result in significant increases in cpi, but the escalations under our leases are capped, our growth and profitability also may be limited.
we own certain properties subject to ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements that limit our uses of the properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer the properties and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated.
our investments in mobs and other properties may be made through leasehold interests in the land on which the buildings are located, leases of air rights for the space above the land on which the buildings are located, or other similar restrictive arrangements. many of these ground lease, air rights and other restrictive agreements impose significant limitations on our uses of the subject properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer our interests in the properties or restrict the leasing of the properties. these restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties' value or negatively impact our ability to find suitable tenants for the properties. in addition, we could lose our interests in the subject properties if the ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements are breached by us or terminated.
we may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our loans and other investments, and even if we are successful in our foreclosure efforts, we may be unable to successfully sell any acquired equity interests or reposition any acquired properties, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investments.
if a borrower defaults under mortgage or other secured loans for which we are the lender, we may attempt to foreclose on the collateral securing those loans, including by acquiring any pledged equity interests or acquiring title to the subject properties, to protect our investment. in response, the defaulting borrower may contest our enforcement of foreclosure or other
available remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against our exercise of enforcement or other available remedies, or bring claims against us for lender liability. if a defaulting borrower seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the u.s. bankruptcy code would preclude us from enforcing foreclosure or other available remedies against the borrower unless relief is first obtained from the court with jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. in addition, we may be subject to intercreditor or tri-party agreements that delay, impact, govern or limit our ability to foreclose on a lien securing a loan or otherwise delay or limit our pursuit of our rights and remedies. any such delay or limit on our ability to pursue our rights or remedies could have a material adverse effect on us.
even if we successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our mortgage loans and other investments, costs related to enforcement of our remedies, high loan-to-value ratios or declines in the value of the collateral could prevent us from realizing the full amount of our secured loans, and we could be required to record a valuation allowance for such losses. moreover, the collateral may include equity interests that we are unable to sell due to securities law restrictions or otherwise, or properties that we are unable to reposition with new tenants or operators on a timely basis, if at all, or without making improvements or repairs. any delay or costs incurred in selling or repositioning acquired collateral could adversely affect our ability to recover our investments.
some of our loan investments are subordinated to loans held by third parties.
our mezzanine loan investments are subordinated to senior secured loans held by other investors that encumber the same real estate. if a senior secured loan is foreclosed, that foreclosure would extinguish our rights in the collateral for our mezzanine loan. in order to protect our economic interest in that collateral, we would need to be prepared, on an expedited basis, to advance funds to the senior lenders in order to cure defaults under the senior secured loans and prevent such a foreclosure. if a senior secured loan has matured or has been accelerated, then in order to protect our economic interest in the collateral, we would need to be prepared, on an expedited basis, to purchase or pay off that senior secured loan, which could require an infusion of fresh capital as large or larger than our initial investment. our ability to sell or syndicate a mezzanine loan could be limited by transfer restrictions in the intercreditor agreement with the senior secured lenders. our ability to negotiate modifications to the mezzanine loan documents with our borrowers could be limited by restrictions on modifications in the intercreditor agreement. since mezzanine loans are typically secured by pledges of equity rather than direct liens on real estate, our mezzanine loan investments are more vulnerable than our mortgage loan investments to losses caused by competing creditor claims, unauthorized transfers, or bankruptcies.
our tenants, operators and managers may be adversely affected by healthcare regulation and enforcement.
regulation of the long-term healthcare industry generally has intensified over time both in the number and type of regulations and in the efforts to enforce those regulations. this is particularly true for large for-profit, multi-facility providers like atria, sunrise, brookdale senior living and kindred. federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting the healthcare industry include those relating to, among other things, licensure, conduct of operations, ownership of facilities, addition of facilities and equipment, allowable costs, services, prices for services, qualified beneficiaries, quality of care, patient rights, fraudulent or abusive behavior, and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by healthcare providers. in addition, changes in enforcement policies by federal and state governments have resulted in an increase in the number of inspections, citations of regulatory deficiencies and other regulatory sanctions, including terminations from the medicare and medicaid programs, bars on medicare and medicaid payments for new admissions, civil monetary penalties and even criminal penalties. see "governmental regulation-healthcare regulation" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. we are unable to predict the scope of future federal, state and local regulations and legislation, including the medicare and medicaid statutes and regulations, or the intensity of enforcement efforts with respect to such regulations and legislation, and any changes in the regulatory framework could have a material adverse effect on our tenants, operators and managers, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us.
if our tenants, operators and managers fail to comply with the extensive laws, regulations and other requirements applicable to their businesses and the operation of our properties, they could become ineligible to receive reimbursement from governmental and private third-party payor programs, face bans on admissions of new patients or residents, suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to their operations. our tenants, operators and managers also could face increased costs related to healthcare regulation, such as the affordable care act, or be forced to expend considerable resources in responding to an investigation or other enforcement action under applicable laws or regulations. in such event, the results of operations and financial condition of our tenants, operators and managers and the results of operations of our properties operated or managed by those entities could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us.
changes in the reimbursement rates or methods of payment from third-party payors, including the medicare and medicaid programs, could have a material adverse effect on certain of our tenants and operators and on us.
certain of our tenants and operators rely on reimbursement from third-party payors, including the medicare and medicaid programs, for substantially all of their revenues. federal and state legislators and regulators have adopted or proposed various cost-containment measures that would limit payments to healthcare providers, and budget crises and financial shortfalls have caused states to implement or consider medicaid rate freezes or cuts. see "governmental regulation-healthcare regulation" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. private third-party payors also have continued their efforts to control healthcare costs. we cannot assure you that our tenants and operators who currently depend on governmental or private payor reimbursement will be adequately reimbursed for the services they provide. significant limits by governmental and private third-party payors on the scope of services reimbursed or on reimbursement rates and fees, whether from legislation, administrative actions or private payor efforts, could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, financial condition and results of operations of certain of our tenants and operators, which could affect adversely their ability to comply with the terms of our leases and have a material adverse effect on us.
the hospitals on or near whose campuses our mobs are located and their affiliated health systems could fail to remain competitive or financially viable, which could adversely impact their ability to attract physicians and physician groups to our mobs.
our mob operations depend on the competitiveness and financial viability of the hospitals on or near whose campuses our mobs are located and their ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients to our mobs. the viability of these hospitals, in turn, depends on factors such as the quality and mix of healthcare services provided, competition for patients, physicians and physician groups, demographic trends in the surrounding community, market position and growth potential, as well as the ability of the affiliated health systems to provide economies of scale and access to capital. if a hospital on or near whose campus one of our mobs is located fails or becomes unable to meet its financial obligations, and if an affiliated health system is unable to support that hospital, the hospital may be unable to compete successfully or could be forced to close or relocate, which could adversely impact its ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients. because we rely on proximity to and affiliations with hospitals to create leasing demand in our mobs, a hospital's inability to remain competitive or financially viable, or to attract physicians and physician groups, could materially adversely affect our mob operations and have a material adverse effect on us.
we may not be able to maintain or expand our relationships with our existing and future hospital and health system clients.
the success of our mob operations depends, to a large extent, on our past, current and future relationships with hospitals and their affiliated health systems. we invest significant amounts of time in developing our relationships with both new and existing clients, and these relationships have helped us to secure acquisition and development opportunities, as well as other advisory, property management and hospital project management projects. if our relationships with hospitals and their affiliated health systems deteriorate, or if a conflict of interest or non-compete arrangement prevents us from expanding these relationships, our ability to secure new acquisition and development opportunities or other advisory, property management and hospital project management projects could be impaired and our professional reputation within the industry could be damaged.
our development and redevelopment projects, including projects undertaken on a fee-for-service basis or through our joint ventures, may not yield anticipated returns.
we consider and, when appropriate, invest in various development and redevelopment projects. in deciding whether to make an investment in a particular project, we make certain assumptions regarding the expected future performance of the property. our assumptions are subject to risks generally associated with development and redevelopment projects, including, among others, that:
•   we may be unable to obtain financing for the project on favorable terms or at all;
•   we may not complete the project on schedule or within budgeted amounts;
•   we may encounter delays in obtaining or fail to obtain all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, environmental and other governmental permits and authorizations, or underestimate the costs necessary to develop or redevelop the property to market standards;
•   construction or other delays may provide tenants or residents the right to terminate preconstruction leases or cause us to incur additional costs;
•   volatility in the price of construction materials or labor may increase our project costs;
•   in the case of our mob developments, hospitals or health systems may maintain significant decision-making authority with respect to the development schedule;
•   our builders may fail to perform or satisfy the expectations of our clients or prospective clients;
•   we may incorrectly forecast risks associated with development in new geographic regions;
•   tenants may not lease space at the quantity or rental rate levels or on the schedule projected;
•   demand for our project may decrease prior to completion, including due to competition from other developments; and
•   lease rates and rents at newly developed or redeveloped properties may fluctuate based on factors beyond our control, including market and economic conditions.
in mob development projects that we undertake on a fee-for-service basis, we generally construct properties for clients in exchange for a fixed fee, which creates additional risks such as the inability to pass on increased labor and construction material costs to our clients, development and construction delays that could give our counterparties the right to receive penalties from us, and bankruptcy or default by our contractors. we attempt to mitigate these risks by establishing certain limits on our obligations, shifting some of the risk to the general contractor or seeking other legal protections, but we cannot assure you that our mitigation efforts will be effective. in connection with these projects, we provide engineering, construction and architectural services, and any design, construction or systems failures related to the properties we develop could result in substantial injury or damage to clients or third parties. any such injury or damage claims may arise in the ordinary course and may be asserted with respect to ongoing or completed projects. although we maintain liability insurance to protect us against these claims, if any claim results in a loss, we cannot assure you that our policy limits would be adequate to cover the loss in full. if we sustain losses in excess of our insurance coverage, we may be required to fund the difference and could lose our investment in, or experience reduced profits and cash flows from, the affected mob, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
if any of the risks described above occur, our development and redevelopment projects, including projects undertaken on a fee-for-service basis or through our joint ventures, may not yield anticipated returns, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
our investments in joint ventures and unconsolidated entities could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on our joint venture partners' financial condition, any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners, and our exposure to potential losses from the actions of our joint venture partners.
as of december 31, 2014, we owned 28 mobs, 15 seniors housing communities, six skilled nursing facilities and one hospital through consolidated joint ventures, and we had ownership interests ranging between 5% and 25% in 17 mobs, 20 seniors housing communities and 14 skilled nursing facilities through investments in unconsolidated entities. in addition, we had a 34% ownership interest in atria as of december 31, 2014. these joint ventures and unconsolidated entities involve risks not present with respect to our wholly owned properties, including the following:
•   we may be unable to take actions that are opposed by our joint venture partners under arrangements that require us to share decision-making authority over major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint venture and any property owned by the joint venture, such as the sale or financing of the property or the making of additional capital contributions for the benefit of the property;
•   for joint ventures in which we have a noncontrolling interest, our joint venture partners may take actions that we oppose;
•   our ability to sell or transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted if we fail to obtain the prior consent of our joint venture partners;
•   our joint venture partners may become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, which could delay construction or development of a property or increase our financial commitment to the joint venture;
•   our joint venture partners may have business interests or goals with respect to a property that conflict with our business interests and goals, including with respect to the timing, terms and strategies for investment, which could increase the likelihood of disputes regarding the ownership, management or disposition of the property;
•   disagreements with our joint venture partners could result in litigation or arbitration that increases our expenses, distracts our officers and directors, and disrupts the day-to-day operations of the property, including by delaying important decisions until the dispute is resolved; and
•   we may suffer losses as a result of actions taken by our joint venture partners with respect to our joint venture investments.
events that adversely affect the ability of seniors and their families to afford daily resident fees at our seniors housing communities could cause our occupancy rates, resident fee revenues and results of operations to decline.
assisted and independent living services generally are not reimbursable under government reimbursement programs, such as medicare and medicaid. substantially all of the resident fee revenues generated by our senior living operations, therefore, are derived from private pay sources consisting of the income or assets of residents or their family members. in light of the significant expense associated with building new properties and staffing and other costs of providing services, typically only seniors with income or assets that meet or exceed the comparable region median can afford the daily resident and care fees at our seniors housing communities, and a weak economy, depressed housing market or changes in demographics could adversely affect their continued ability to do so. if the managers of our seniors housing communities are unable to attract and retain seniors that have sufficient income, assets or other resources to pay the fees associated with assisted and independent living services, the occupancy rates, resident fee revenues and results of operations of our senior living operations could decline, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us.
termination of resident lease agreements in our seniors housing communities could adversely affect our revenues and earnings.
state regulations generally require assisted living communities to have a written lease agreement with each resident that permits the resident to terminate his or her lease for any reason on reasonable notice, unlike typical apartment lease agreements that have initial terms of one year or longer. consistent with these regulations, the managers of our seniors housing communities generally enter into resident lease agreements that allow residents to terminate their lease agreements on 30 days' notice. due to these lease termination rights and the advanced age of the residents, the resident turnover rate in our seniors housing communities may be difficult to predict. if a large number of resident lease agreements terminate at or around the same time, and if the affected units remain unoccupied, our revenues and earnings could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us.
the amount and scope of insurance coverage provided by our policies and policies maintained by our tenants, operators and managers may not adequately insure against losses.
we maintain or require in our lease, management and other agreements that our tenants, operators and managers maintain all applicable lines of insurance on our properties and their operations. although we regularly review the amount and scope of insurance provided by our policies and required to be maintained by our tenants, operators and managers and believe the coverage provided to be customary for similarly situated companies in our industry, we cannot assure you that we or our tenants, operators and managers will continue to be able to maintain adequate levels of insurance. we also cannot assure you that we or our tenants, operators and managers will maintain the required coverages, that we will continue to require the same levels of insurance under our lease, management and other agreements, that such insurance will be available at a reasonable cost in the future or that the policies maintained will fully cover all losses on our properties upon the occurrence of a catastrophic event, nor can we make any guaranty as to the future financial viability of the insurers that underwrite our policies and the policies maintained by our tenants, operators and managers.
for various reasons, including to reduce and manage costs, many healthcare companies utilize different organizational and corporate structures coupled with self-insurance trusts or captive programs that may provide less insurance coverage than a traditional insurance policy. companies that insure any part of their general and professional liability risks through their own captive limited purpose entities generally estimate the future cost of general and professional liability through actuarial studies that rely primarily on historical data. however, due to the rise in the number and severity of professional claims against healthcare providers, these actuarial studies may underestimate the future cost of claims, and reserves for future claims may not be adequate to cover the actual cost of those claims. as a result, the tenants and operators of our properties who self-insure could incur large funded and unfunded general and professional liability expenses, which could materially adversely affect their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, their ability to satisfy their obligations to us. if we or the managers of our senior living operations decide to implement a captive or self-insurance program, any large funded and unfunded general and professional liability expenses incurred could have a material adverse effect on us.
should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could incur substantial liability or lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from the property. following the occurrence of such an event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. we cannot assure you that material uninsured losses, or losses in excess of insurance proceeds, will not occur in the future.
significant legal actions or regulatory proceedings could subject us or our tenants, operators and managers to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we may be subject to claims brought against us in lawsuits and other legal or regulatory proceedings arising out of our alleged actions or the alleged actions of our tenants, operators and managers for which such tenants, operators and managers may have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless. an unfavorable resolution of any such litigation or proceeding could materially adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and have a material adverse effect on us.
in certain cases, we and our tenants, operators and managers may be subject to professional liability claims brought by plaintiffs' attorneys seeking significant punitive damages and attorneys' fees. due to the historically high frequency and severity of professional liability claims against seniors housing and healthcare providers, the availability of professional liability insurance has decreased and the premiums on such insurance coverage remain costly. as a result, insurance protection against such claims may not be sufficient to cover all claims against us or our tenants, operators or managers, and may not be available at a reasonable cost. if we or our tenants, operators and managers are unable to maintain adequate insurance coverage or are required to pay punitive damages, we or they may be exposed to substantial liabilities.
the occurrence of cyber incidents could disrupt our operations, result in the loss of confidential information and/or damage our business relationships and reputation.
as our reliance on technology has increased, our business is subject to greater risk from cyber incidents, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our or our managers' systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information, and other electronic security breaches. while we and our managers have implemented measures to help mitigate these threats, such measures cannot guarantee that we will be successful in preventing a cyber incident. the occurrence of a cyber incident could disrupt our operations, or the operations of our managers, compromise the confidential information of our employees or the residents in our seniors housing communities, and/or damage our business relationships and reputation.
reductions in federal government spending, tax reform initiatives or other federal legislation to address the federal government's projected operating deficit could have a material adverse effect on our operators' liquidity, financial condition or results of operations.
president obama and members of the u.s. congress have approved or proposed various spending cuts and tax reform initiatives that have resulted or could result in changes (including substantial reductions in funding) to medicare, medicaid or medicare advantage plans. any such existing or future federal legislation relating to deficit reduction that reduces reimbursement payments to healthcare providers could have a material adverse effect on certain of our operators' liquidity, financial condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us and could have a material adverse effect on us.
our operators who engage in business with the federal government may be sued under a federal whistleblower statute designed to combat fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. see "governmental regulation-healthcare regulation" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. these lawsuits can involve significant monetary damages and award bounties to private plaintiffs who successfully bring these suits. if any of these lawsuits were brought against our operators, such suits combined with increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our operators' liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and on their ability to satisfy their obligations under our leases, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us.
we could incur substantial liabilities and costs if any of our properties are found to be contaminated with hazardous substances or we become involved in any environmental disputes.
under federal and state environmental laws and regulations, a current or former owner of real property may be liable for costs related to the investigation, removal and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum that are released from or are present at or under, or that are disposed of in connection with such property. owners of real property may also face other environmental liabilities, including government fines and penalties imposed by regulatory authorities and damages for injuries to persons, property or natural resources. environmental laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to whether the owner was aware of, or was responsible for, the presence, release or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum. in certain circumstances, environmental liability may result from the activities of a current or former operator of the property. although we generally have indemnification rights against the current operators of our properties for contamination caused by them, such indemnification may not adequately cover all environmental costs. see "governmental regulation-environmental regulation" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
volatility or disruption in the capital markets could prevent our counterparties from satisfying their obligations to us.
interest rate fluctuations, financial market volatility or credit market disruptions could limit the ability of our tenants, operators and managers to obtain capital to finance their businesses on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us. in addition, any difficulty in accessing capital or other financing sources experienced by our other counterparties, such as letters of credit issuers, insurance carriers, banking institutions, title companies and escrow agents, could prevent those counterparties from remaining viable entities or satisfying their obligations to us, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of any one of our key personnel could adversely impact our business.
the success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees, and our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees could significantly impact our future performance. competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our key officers and employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals in the future. losing any one or more of these persons could have a material adverse effect on us.
failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
pursuant to the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, we are required to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management's assessment of the effectiveness of such control. because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, effective internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatement and can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls as a result of changes to our business or otherwise, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely harmed and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations.
economic and other conditions that negatively affect geographic locations to which a greater percentage of our noi is attributed could adversely affect our financial results.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, approximately 37.7% of our total noi (excluding amounts in discontinued operations) was derived from properties located in california (13.7%), texas (8.0%), new york (6.8%), illinois (4.7%), and florida (4.5%). as a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting these regions, including downturns in the local economies or changes in local real estate conditions, increased construction and competition or decreased demand for our properties, regional climate events and changes in state-specific legislation, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
our ownership of properties in canada and the united kingdom currently subjects us to fluctuations in the exchange rates between u.s. dollars and canadian dollars or the british pound, which may, from time to time, impact our financial condition and results of operations. if we continue to expand our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, seniors housing or healthcare assets outside the united states, canada or the united kingdom, we may transact business in other foreign currencies. although we may pursue hedging alternatives, including borrowing in local currencies, to protect against foreign currency fluctuations, we cannot assure you that such fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on us.
risks arising from our capital structure we may become more leveraged.
as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $10.9 billion of outstanding indebtedness. the instruments governing our existing indebtedness permit us to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt, and we may satisfy our capital and liquidity needs through additional borrowings. a high level of indebtedness would require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, thereby reducing the funds available to implement our business strategy and make distributions to stockholders. a high level of indebtedness could also have the following consequences:
•   potential limits on our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions and vulnerability in the event of a downturn in general economic conditions or in the real estate or healthcare industries;
•   potential impairment of our ability to obtain additional financing to execute on our business strategy; and
•   potential downgrade in the rating of our debt securities by one or more rating agencies, which could have the effect of, among other things, limiting our access to capital and increasing our cost of borrowing.
in addition, from time to time, we mortgage certain of our properties to secure payment of indebtedness. if we are unable to meet our mortgage payments, then the encumbered properties could be foreclosed upon or transferred to the mortgagee with a resulting loss of income and asset value.
we are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective.
we receive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates subject to annual escalations, while certain of our debt obligations are floating rate obligations with interest and related payments that vary with the movement of libor, bankers' acceptance or other indexes. the generally fixed rate nature of a significant portion of our revenues and the variable rate nature of certain of our debt obligations create interest rate risk. although our operating assets provide a partial hedge against interest rate fluctuations, if interest rates rise, the costs of our existing floating rate debt and any new debt that we incur would increase. these increased costs could reduce our profitability, impair our ability to meet our debt obligations, or increase the cost of financing our acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity. an increase in interest rates also could limit our ability to refinance existing debt upon maturity or cause us to pay higher rates upon refinancing, as well as decrease the amount that third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to promptly reposition our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions.
we may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility with hedging arrangements that involve additional risks, including the risks that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes, that the amount of income we earn from hedging transactions may be limited by federal tax provisions governing reits, and that these arrangements may cause us to pay higher interest rates on our debt obligations than otherwise would be the case. moreover, no amount of hedging activity can fully insulate us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. failure to hedge effectively against interest rate risk, if we choose to engage in such activities, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to meet our debt service obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy, if our cash flow from operations is insufficient to satisfy these needs, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on us. although we believe that we have sufficient access to capital and other sources of funding to meet our expected liquidity needs, we cannot assure you that conditions in the capital markets will not deteriorate or that our access to capital and other sources of funding will not become constrained, which could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings, renewals or refinancings and our results of operation and financial condition. if we cannot access capital at an acceptable cost or at all, we may be required to liquidate one or more investments in properties at times that may not permit us to maximize the return on those investments or that could result in adverse tax consequences to us.
as a public company, our access to debt and equity capital depends, in part, on the trading prices of our senior notes and common stock, which, in turn, depend upon market conditions that change from time to time, such as the market's perception of our financial condition, our growth potential and our current and expected future earnings and cash distributions. our failure to meet the market's expectation with regard to future earnings and cash distributions or a significant downgrade in the ratings assigned to our long-term debt could impact our ability to access capital or increase our borrowing costs. we also rely on the financial institutions that are parties to our unsecured revolving credit facility. if these institutions become capital constrained, tighten their lending standards or become insolvent or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from other borrowers within a short period of time, they may be unable or unwilling to honor their funding commitments to us, which would adversely affect our ability to draw on our unsecured revolving credit facility and, over time, could negatively impact our ability to consummate acquisitions, repay indebtedness as it matures, fund capital expenditures or make distributions to our stockholders.
covenants in the instruments governing our existing indebtedness limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach could materially adversely affect our operations.
the terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness require us to comply with certain customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage, leverage ratios and minimum net worth requirements. our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to our compliance with these covenants, which limit our operational flexibility. breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the applicable debt instruments and could trigger defaults under any of our other indebtedness that is cross-defaulted against such instruments, even if we satisfy our payment obligations. financial and other covenants that limit our operational flexibility, as well as defaults resulting from our breach of any of these covenants, could have a material adverse effect on us.
risks arising from our status as a reit loss of our status as a reit would have significant adverse consequences for us and the value of our common stock.
if we lose our status as a reit (currently or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired), we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders for each of the years involved because:
•   we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates;
•   unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified.
in addition, in such event we would no longer be required to pay dividends to maintain reit status, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock.
qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. the determination of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control, as well as new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions, may adversely affect our investors or our ability to remain qualified as a reit for tax purposes. although we believe that we currently qualify as a reit, we cannot assure you that we will continue to qualify for all future periods.
the 90% distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions.
to comply with the 90% distribution requirement applicable to reits and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we must make distributions to our stockholders. see "certain u.s. federal income tax considerations-requirements for qualification as a reit-annual distribution requirements" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. such distributions reduce the funds we have available to finance our investment, acquisition, development and redevelopment activity and may limit our ability to engage in transactions that are otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders.
although we do not anticipate any inability to satisfy the reit distribution requirement, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to do so. for example, timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand, or non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions may prevent us from having sufficient cash or liquid assets to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement.
in the event that timing differences occur or we decide to retain cash or to distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation, we may seek to borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements. any of these actions may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations; however, see "-risks arising from our capital structure-limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy." the terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness restrict our ability to engage in certain of these transactions.
to preserve our qualification as a reit, our certificate of incorporation contains ownership limits with respect to our capital stock that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company.
to assist us in preserving our qualification as a reit, our certificate of incorporation provides that if a person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 9.0% of our outstanding common stock or more than 9.9% of our outstanding preferred stock, the shares that are beneficially owned in excess of the applicable limit are considered "excess shares" and are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by our board of directors. the trust is entitled to all dividends with respect to the excess shares and the trustee may exercise all voting power over the excess shares. in addition, we have the right to purchase the excess shares for a price equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that created the excess shares or (ii) the market price on the day we purchase the shares, but if we do not purchase the excess shares, the trustee of the trust is required to transfer the shares at the direction of our board of directors. these ownership limits could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion provides information that management believes is relevant to an understanding and assessment of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of ventas, inc. (together with its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires, "we," "us" or "our"). you should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, as it will help you understand:
•   our company and the environment in which we operate;
•   our 2014 highlights and other recent developments;
•   our critical accounting policies and estimates;
•   our results of operations for the last three years;
•   how we manage our assets and liabilities;
•   our liquidity and capital resources;
corporate and operating environment we are a real estate investment trust ("reit") with a highly diversified portfolio of seniors housing and healthcare properties located throughout the united states, canada and the united kingdom. as of december 31, 2014, we owned more than 1,500 properties (including properties classified as held for sale), consisting of seniors housing communities, medical
office buildings ("mobs"), skilled nursing and other facilities, and hospitals, and we had one new property under development. we are an s&p 500 company and currently headquartered in chicago, illinois.
we primarily invest in seniors housing and healthcare properties through acquisitions and lease our properties to unaffiliated tenants or operate them through independent third-party managers. as of december 31, 2014, we leased a total of 922 properties (excluding mobs and properties classified as held for sale) to various healthcare operating companies under "triple-net" or "absolute-net" leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and we engaged independent operators, such as atria senior living, inc. ("atria") and sunrise senior living, llc (together with its subsidiaries, "sunrise"), to manage 270 of our seniors housing communities (excluding properties classified as held for sale) for us pursuant to long-term management agreements. our two largest tenants, brookdale senior living inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "brookdale senior living") and kindred healthcare, inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "kindred"), leased from us 160 properties (excluding six properties owned through investments in unconsolidated entities and one property managed by brookdale senior living pursuant to a long-term management agreement) and 83 properties, respectively, as of december 31, 2014.
through our lillibridge healthcare services, inc. ("lillibridge") subsidiary and our ownership interest in pmb real estate services llc ("pmbres"), we also provide mob management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems throughout the united states. in addition, from time to time, we make secured and unsecured loans and other investments relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties.
we conduct our operations through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; senior living operations; and mob operations. see "note 20-segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
as of december 31, 2014, our consolidated portfolio included 100% ownership interests in 1,383 properties and controlling joint venture interests in 50 properties, and we had non-controlling ownership interests in 51 properties through investments in unconsolidated entities. through lillibridge and pmbres, we provided management and leasing services to third parties with respect to 75 mobs as of december 31, 2014.
we aim to enhance shareholder value by delivering consistent, superior total returns through a strategy of: (1) generating reliable and growing cash flows; (2) maintaining a balanced, diversified portfolio of high-quality assets; and (3) preserving our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity.
our ability to access capital in a timely and cost-effective manner is critical to the success of our business strategy because it affects our ability to satisfy existing obligations, including the repayment of maturing indebtedness, and to make future investments. factors such as general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our securities, expectations of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, and the trading price of our common stock that are beyond our control and fluctuate over time all impact our access to and cost of external capital. for that reason, we generally attempt to match the long-term duration of our investments in real property with long-term financing through the issuance of shares of our common stock or the incurrence of long-term fixed rate debt. at december 31, 2014, 21.9% of our consolidated debt (excluding debt related to properties classified as held for sale) was variable rate debt.
2014 highlights and other recent developments
•   during 2014, we made investments totaling approximately $2.4 billion in seniors housing and healthcare assets, including 29 seniors housing communities located in canada that we acquired from holiday retirement (the "holiday canada acquisition"), three high-quality private hospitals located in the united kingdom and a $425.0 million secured mezzanine loan investment that has a blended annual interest rate of 8.1% and has contractual maturities ranging between 2016 and 2019.
•   in january 2015, we acquired publicly traded american realty capital healthcare trust, inc. ("hct") in a stock and cash transaction (the "hct acquisition"), which added 152 properties (some of which are located on the same campus) to our portfolio. we funded the transaction through the issuance of approximately 28.4 million shares of our common stock, 1.1 million limited partnership units that are redeemable for shares of our common stock, cash and the assumption of debt.
•   in 2015, we made other investments totaling approximately $320 million, including the acquisition of five triple-net leased properties in the united kingdom and 12 skilled nursing facilities.
•   in april 2014, we issued and sold $700 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes with a weighted average interest rate of 2.75% and a weighted average maturity of seven years.
•   in september 2014, we issued and sold cad 650.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, with an effective weighted average interest rate of 3.5% and a weighted average maturity of 6.9 years, on a private placement basis in canada. we used the net proceeds from the sale to repay a portion of the cad 791.0 million unsecured term loan we incurred initially to fund the holiday canada acquisition.
•   in january 2015, we issued and sold $900 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.8% and a weighted average maturity of 16.7 years, and we issued and sold cad 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, with an interest rate of 3.3% and a maturity of seven years, on a private placement basis in canada.
•   under our "at-the-market" equity offering program, during 2014 and 2015 we issued and sold a total of approximately 7.1 million shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of $75.18 per share for aggregate net proceeds (after sales agent commissions) of $528.1 million.
•   during 2014, we sold 22 properties for $118.2 million and received loans receivable repayments of $55.9 million.
•   in 2015, we sold 17 properties for $275.1 million, including $5.5 million of lease termination fees.
•   as of december 31, 2014, we had re-leased to kindred, transitioned to new operators or sold 107 of the 108 licensed healthcare assets whose lease terms with kindred were scheduled to expire on september 30, 2014, and we expect to sell the remaining asset during 2015. see "triple-net lease expirations."
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") set forth in the accounting standards codification ("asc"), as published by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"). gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. we base these estimates on our experience and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. however, if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, we may have applied a different accounting treatment, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. we periodically reevaluate our estimates and assumptions, and in the event they prove to be different from actual results, we make adjustments in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. we believe that the critical accounting policies described below, among others, affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements. for more information regarding our critical accounting policies, see "note 2-accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
principles of consolidation the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries and the joint venture entities over which we exercise control. all intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.
gaap requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities ("vies"). a vie is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity's activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity's activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; and (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity's activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. we consolidate our investment in a vie when we determine that we are its primary beneficiary. we may change our original assessment of a vie upon subsequent events such as the modification of contractual arrangements that affects the characteristics or adequacy of the entity's equity investments at risk and the disposition of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary.
we identify the primary beneficiary of a vie as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the vie that could be significant to the entity. we perform this analysis on an ongoing basis.
as it relates to investments in joint ventures, gaap may preclude consolidation by the sole general partner in certain circumstances based on the type of rights held by the limited partner(s). we assess limited partners' rights and their impact on the presumption of control of the limited partnership by the sole general partner when an investor becomes the sole general partner, and we perform a reassessment when there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of the limited partners, the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership of limited partnership interests, or there is an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership interests. we also apply this guidance to managing member interests in limited liability companies.
business combinations we account for acquisitions using the acquisition method and allocate the cost of the businesses acquired among tangible and recognized intangible assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. recognized intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases, acquired lease contracts, tenant and customer relationships, trade names/trademarks and goodwill. we do not amortize goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets of the acquired business and is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
our method for allocating the purchase price to acquired investments in real estate requires us to make subjective assessments for determining fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. this includes determining the value of the buildings, land and improvements, construction in progress, ground leases, tenant improvements, in-place leases, above and/or below market leases, purchase option intangible assets and/or liabilities, and any debt assumed. these estimates require significant judgment and in some cases involve complex calculations. these allocation assessments directly impact our results of operations, as amounts allocated to certain assets and liabilities have different depreciation or amortization lives. in addition, we amortize the value assigned to above and/or below market leases as a component of revenue, unlike in-place leases and other intangibles, which we include in depreciation and amortization in our consolidated statements of income.
we estimate the fair value of buildings acquired on an as-if-vacant basis and depreciate the building value over the estimated remaining life of the building, not to exceed 35 years. we determine the allocated value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets' estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. we determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio. we generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost. however, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development. during the remaining construction period, we capitalize interest expense until the development has reached substantial completion. construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion.
the fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above and/or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant. we amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. if a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations at that time.
we estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities by discounting the difference between the applicable property's acquisition date fair value and an estimate of its future option price. we do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale.
we estimate the fair value of tenant or other customer relationships acquired, if any, by considering the nature and extent of existing business relationships with the tenant or customer, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant or customer, the tenant's credit quality, expectations of lease renewals with the tenant, and the potential for significant, additional future leasing arrangements with the tenant, and we amortize that value over the expected life of the associated arrangements or leases, including the remaining terms of the related leases and any expected renewal periods. we estimate the fair value of trade names and trademarks using a royalty rate methodology and amortize that value over the estimated useful life of the trade name or trademark.
in connection with a business combination, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. we assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement. we assess assumed operating leases, including ground
leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the acquisition date. to the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability, as applicable, at fair value and amortize that asset or liability (excluding purchase option intangibles) to interest or rental expense in our consolidated statements of income over the applicable lease term. we include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
we determine the fair value of loans receivable acquired in connection with a business combination by discounting the estimated future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans on the same terms with the same length to maturity would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings. we do not establish a valuation allowance at the acquisition date because the estimated future cash flows already reflect our judgment regarding their uncertainty. we recognize the difference between the acquisition date fair value and the total expected cash flows as interest income using an effective interest method over the life of the applicable loan. subsequent to the acquisition date, we evaluate changes regarding the uncertainty of future cash flows and the need for a valuation allowance, as appropriate.
we estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed consistent with the manner in which we value all of the underlying assets and liabilities.
we base the initial carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities on the fair value of the assets at the time we acquired the joint venture interest. we estimate fair values for our equity method investments based on discounted cash flow models that include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums or discounts. the capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads we use in these models are based upon assumptions that we believe to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective investments.
we generally amortize any difference between our cost basis and the basis reflected at the joint venture level over the lives of the related assets and liabilities and include that amortization in our share of income or loss from unconsolidated entities. for earnings of equity method investments with pro rata distribution allocations, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on their respective stated ownership percentages. in other instances, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on the hypothetical liquidation at book value method.
we calculate the fair value of long-term debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument.
impairment of long-lived and intangible assets we periodically evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. if indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. in performing this evaluation, we consider market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. we adjust the net book value of leased properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. we recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination.
if impairment indicators arise with respect to intangible assets with finite useful lives, we evaluate impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if estimated future undiscounted net cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, then we estimate the fair value of the asset and compare the estimated fair value to the intangible asset's carrying value. we recognize any shortfall from carrying value as an impairment loss in the current period.
we evaluate our investments in unconsolidated entities for impairment at least annually, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our investment may exceed its fair value. if we determine that a decline in the fair value of our investment in an unconsolidated entity is other-than-temporary, and if such reduced fair value is below the carrying value, we record an impairment. the determination of the fair value of investments in unconsolidated entities involves significant judgment, and our estimates consider all available evidence, including, as appropriate, the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at market rates, general economic conditions and trends and other relevant factors.
we test goodwill for impairment at least annually, and more frequently if indicators arise. we first assess qualitative factors, such as current macroeconomic conditions, state of the equity and capital markets and our overall financial and operating performance, to determine the likelihood that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we proceed with the two-step approach to evaluating impairment. first, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and compare it to the
reporting unit's carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds fair value, we proceed with the second step, which requires us to assign the fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit as if it had been acquired in a business combination at the date of the impairment test. the excess fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied value of goodwill and is used to determine the amount of impairment. we recognize an impairment loss to the extent the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied value in the current period.
estimates of fair value used in our evaluation of goodwill, investments in real estate and intangible assets are based upon discounted future cash flow projections or other acceptable valuation techniques that are based, in turn, upon various estimates and assumptions, such as revenue and expense growth rates, capitalization rates, discount rates or other available market data. our ability to accurately predict future operating results and cash flows and to estimate and allocate fair values impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. while we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results.
loans receivable we record loans receivable, other than those acquired in connection with a business combination, on our consolidated balance sheets (either in secured loans receivable and investments, net or other assets, in the case of unsecured loans receivable) at the unpaid principal balance, net of any deferred origination fees, purchase discounts or premiums and valuation allowances. we amortize net deferred origination fees, which are comprised of loan fees collected from the borrower net of certain direct costs, and purchase discounts or premiums over the contractual life of the loan using the effective interest method and immediately recognize in income any unamortized balances if the loan is repaid before its contractual maturity.
we regularly evaluate the collectibility of loans receivable based on factors such as corporate and facility-level financial and operational reports, compliance with financial covenants set forth in the applicable loan agreement, the financial strength of the borrower and any guarantor, the payment history of the borrower and current economic conditions. if our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due under the terms of the applicable loan agreement, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be collected.
fair value fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement, and we determine fair value based on the assumptions that we expect market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. as a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, gaap establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within levels one and two of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within level three of the hierarchy).
level one inputs utilize unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that we have the ability to access. level two inputs consist of inputs other than quoted prices included in level one that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. level two inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and other inputs for the asset or liability that are observable at commonly quoted intervals, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and yield curves. level three inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which typically are based on our own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity. if the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the entire fair value measurement falls is the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. if the volume and level of market activity for an asset or liability has decreased significantly relative to the normal market activity for such asset or liability (or similar assets or liabilities), then transactions or quoted prices may not accurately reflect fair value. in addition, if there is evidence that a transaction for an asset or liability is not orderly, little, if any, weight is placed on that transaction price as an indicator of fair value. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.
revenue recognition triple-net leased properties and mob operations certain of our triple-net leases and most of our mob leases provide for periodic and determinable increases in base rent. we recognize base rental revenues under these leases on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term when collectibility is reasonably assured. recognizing rental income on a straight-line basis generally results in recognized revenues during the first half of a lease term exceeding the cash amounts contractually due from our tenants, creating a straight-line rent receivable that is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
certain of our leases provide for periodic increases in base rent only if certain revenue parameters or other substantive contingencies are met. we recognize the increased rental revenue under these leases as the related parameters or contingencies are met, rather than on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term.
senior living operations we recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. we recognize move-in fees on a straight-line basis over the average resident stay. our lease agreements with residents generally have terms of 12 to 18 months and are cancelable by the resident upon 30 days' notice.
other we recognize interest income from loans and investments, including discounts and premiums, using the effective interest method when collectibility is reasonably assured. we apply the effective interest method on a loan-by-loan basis and recognize discounts and premiums as yield adjustments over the related loan term. we recognize interest income on an impaired loan to the extent our estimate of the fair value of the collateral is sufficient to support the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest. when the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest is equal to our estimate of the fair value of the collateral, we recognize interest income on a cash basis. we provide a reserve against an impaired loan to the extent our total investment in the loan exceeds our estimate of the fair value of the loan collateral.
we recognize income from rent, lease termination fees, development services, management advisory services, and all other income when all of the following criteria are met in accordance with securities and exchange commission ("sec") staff accounting bulletin 104: (i) the applicable agreement has been fully executed and delivered; (ii) services have been rendered; (iii) the amount is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured.
allowances we assess the collectibility of our rent receivables, including straight-line rent receivables. we base our assessment of the collectibility of rent receivables (other than straight-line rent receivables) on several factors, including, among other things, payment history, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the value of the underlying collateral, if any, and current economic conditions. if our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to recover the full value of the receivable, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be recovered. we also base our assessment of the collectibility of straight-line rent receivables on several factors, including, among other things, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the historical operations and operating trends of the property, the historical payment pattern of the tenant and the type of property. if our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to receive the rent payments due in the future, we provide a reserve against the recognized straight-line rent receivable asset for the portion, up to its full value, that we estimate may not be recovered. if we change our assumptions or estimates regarding the collectibility of future rent payments required by a lease, we may adjust our reserve to increase or reduce the rental revenue recognized in the period we make such change in our assumptions or estimates.
federal income tax we have elected to be treated as a reit under the applicable provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), for every year beginning with the year ended december 31, 1999. accordingly, we generally are not subject to federal income tax on net income that we distribute to our stockholders, provided that we continue to qualify as a reit. however, with respect to certain of our subsidiaries that have elected to be treated as "taxable reit subsidiaries," we record income tax expense or benefit, as those entities are subject to federal income tax similar to regular corporations.
we account for deferred income taxes using the asset and liability method and recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our financial statements or tax returns. under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. any increase or decrease in the deferred tax liability that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes us to change our judgment about expected future tax consequences of events, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. deferred income taxes also reflect the impact of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance is provided if we believe it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes us to change our judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur.
recently issued or adopted accounting standards in 2014, the fasb issued accounting standards update 2014-08, reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity ("asu 2014-08"), which raises the threshold for disposals to qualify as discontinued operations. a discontinued operation is defined as: (1) a component of an entity or group of components that has been disposed of or classified as held for sale and represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results; or (2) an acquired business that is classified as held for sale on the acquisition date. asu 2014-08 also requires additional disclosures regarding discontinued operations, as well as material disposals that do not meet the definition of discontinued operations. the application of this guidance is prospective from the date of adoption and applies only to disposals (or new classifications to held for sale) that have not been reported as discontinued operations in our previously issued financial statements. we adopted asu 2014-08 during the quarter ended march 31, 2014.
in 2014, the fasb also issued accounting standards update 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers ("asu 2014-09"), which outlines a comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. asu 2014-09 states that "an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services." while asu 2014-09 specifically references contracts with customers, it may apply to certain other transactions such as the sale of real estate or equipment. asu 2014-09 is effective for us beginning january 1, 2017. we are continuing to evaluate this guidance; however, we do not expect its adoption to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements, as a substantial portion of our revenue consists of rental income from leasing arrangements, which are specifically excluded from asu 2014-09.
results of operations as of december 31, 2014, we operated through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; senior living operations and mob operations. in our triple-net leased properties segment, we invest in seniors housing and healthcare properties throughout the united states and the united kingdom and lease our properties to healthcare operating companies under "triple-net" or "absolute-net" leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses. in our senior living operations segment, we invest in seniors housing communities throughout the united states and canada and engage independent operators, such as atria and sunrise, to manage those communities. in our mob operations segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease, and manage mobs. information provided for "all other" includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to our three reportable business segments. assets included in "all other" consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, deferred financing costs, loans receivable and miscellaneous accounts receivable.
the table below shows our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders.
for the year endeddecember 31,                          increase (decrease) to net income
merger-related expenses and deal costs                                                                                                             (45,051      )              (21,634      )             (23,417       )           ( &gt; 100 )
income before loss from unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations, real estate dispositions and noncontrolling interest       448,517                     479,848                    (31,331       )                   (6.5       )
loss from unconsolidated entities                                                                                                                     (139      )                 (508      )   369                                         72.6
income tax benefit                                                                                                                                   8,732                      11,828                     (3,096       )                  (26.2       )
gain on real estate dispositions                                                                                                                    17,970                           -                     17,970                             nm net income                                                                                                                                         477,186                     454,889                     22,297                            4.9
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                                                                                                   1,419                       1,380                        (39       )                   (2.8       )
nm-not meaningful segment noi-triple-net leased properties noi for our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment equals the rental income and other services revenue earned from our triple-net assets. we incur no direct operating expenses for this segment.
the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
in our triple-net leased properties segment, our revenues generally consist of fixed rental amounts (subject to annual contractual escalations) received from our tenants in accordance with the applicable lease terms and do not vary based on the underlying operating performance of the properties. therefore, while occupancy rates may affect the profitability of our tenants' operations, they do not have a direct impact on our revenues or financial results. the following table sets forth average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at december 31, 2014 for the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2014 (which is the most recent information available to us from our tenants) and average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at december 31, 2013 for the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2013.
number of properties at december 31, 2014 (1)           average occupancyfor the trailing 12 monthsended september 30,2014 (1)         number of properties at december 31, 2013 (1)           average occupancyfor the trailing 12 monthsended september 30,2013 (1)
seniors housing communities                      439                                                                88.3                                     %                          412                                                                87.1                                     %
skilled nursing facilities                       242                                                                80.1                                                                242                                                                80.8
hospitals                                         46                                                                56.4                                                                 46                                                                56.6
(1)   excludes properties included in discontinued operations during 2014 and properties classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2014, non-stabilized properties, properties owned through investments in unconsolidated entities and certain properties for which we do not receive occupancy information. also excludes properties acquired during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and properties that transitioned operators for which we do not have eight full quarters of results subsequent to the transition.
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 829 same-store triple-net leased properties. throughout this discussion, "same-store" refers to properties that we owned for the full period in both comparison periods.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
segment noi-senior living operations the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
revenues attributed to our senior living operations segment consist of resident fees and services, which include all amounts earned from residents at our seniors housing communities, such as rental fees related to resident leases, extended
health care fees and other ancillary service income. our senior living operations segment revenues increased in 2014 over the prior year primarily due to the holiday canada acquisition and other seniors housing communities we acquired during 2014 and 2013.
property-level operating expenses related to our senior living operations segment include labor, food, utilities, marketing, management and other costs of operating the properties. property-level operating expenses also increased year over year primarily due to the acquired properties described above.
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 220 same-store senior living operating communities.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
the following table sets forth average unit occupancy rates and the average monthly revenue per occupied room related to continuing operations in our senior living operations segment for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013:
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                   average unit occupancyfor the yearendeddecember 31,                        average monthly revenue per occupied room for the yearendeddecember 31,
total seniors housing communities           270                        237                       91.1            %                      91.1            %                        $5,407                                              $5,470
same-store seniors housing communities      220                        220                       91.1                                   91.2                                      5,653                                               5,533
segment noi-mob operations the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our mob operations reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,                   increase (decrease) to segment noi
medical office building services revenue        22,529                      12,077                     10,452                     86.5
medical office building services costs         (17,092      )               (8,315      )              (8,777       )           (105.6       )
the increase in our mob operations segment rental income in 2014 over the prior year is attributed primarily to the mobs we acquired during 2014 and 2013 and slightly higher base rents. the increase in our mob property-level operating expenses is due primarily to those acquired mobs and increases in utilities, snow removal, payroll and insurance expenses, partially offset by decreases in operating costs resulting from expense controls.
medical office building services revenue and costs both increased in 2014 over the prior year primarily due to increased construction activity during 2014 compared to 2013.
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 295 same-store mobs.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
the following table sets forth occupancy rates and the annualized average rent per occupied square foot related to continuing operations in our mob operations segment at and for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013:
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                occupancy atdecember 31,            annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the year ended ended december 31,
segment noi-all other all other noi consists solely of income from loans and investments. income from loans and investments decreased in 2014 over the prior year due primarily to final repayments and sales of portions of certain loans receivable throughout 2013.
interest expense the $38.2 million increase in total interest expense, including interest allocated to discontinued operations of $1.7 million and $5.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, is attributed primarily to $50.9 million of additional interest due to higher debt balances, partially offset by a $15.6 million reduction in interest due to lower effective interest rates, including the amortization of any fair value adjustments. our effective interest rate was 3.7% for 2014, compared to 3.8% for 2013.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense increased $104.8 million in 2014 primarily due to real estate acquisitions we made in 2013 and 2014.
general, administrative and professional fees general, administrative and professional fees increased $6.6 million in 2014 primarily due to our continued organizational growth.
loss on extinguishment of debt, net the loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2014 resulted primarily from various debt repayments. the loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2013 resulted primarily from the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees as a result of replacing our previous $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a new $3.0 billion unsecured credit facility and the repayment of certain mortgage debt.
merger-related expenses and deal costs merger-related expenses and deal costs in both years consist of transition, integration, deal and severance-related expenses primarily related to pending and consummated transactions required by gaap to be expensed rather than capitalized into the asset value. the $23.4 million increase in merger-related expenses and deal costs in 2014 over the prior year is primarily due to increased 2014 investment activity.
other other primarily includes building rent expense paid to lease certain of our senior living operating communities, as well as certain unreimbursable expenses related to our triple-net leased portfolio. for the year ended december 31, 2014, other also includes expenses related to the re-audit and re-review of our historical financial statements.
income tax benefit income tax benefit for 2014 was due primarily to the income tax benefit of ordinary losses and restructuring related to certain taxable reit subsidiaries ("trs" or "trs entities"). income tax benefit for 2013 was due primarily to the release of valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets of one of our trs entities.
discontinued operations discontinued operations for 2014 reflects activity related to 17 properties, 12 of which were sold during 2014, resulting in a net gain of $1.2 million, and five of which were classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2014. discontinued operations for 2013 reflects activity related to 39 properties, 22 of which were sold during 2013, resulting in a net gain of $3.6 million.
gain on real estate dispositions the gain on real estate dispositions in 2014 resulted primarily from the sale of ten properties that are not classified as discontinued operations in accordance with asu 2014-08, resulting in a net gain of $18.0 million. gains on real estate dispositions in 2013 are classified in discontinued operations.
net income/loss attributable to noncontrolling interest net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for 2014 represents our partners' joint venture interests in 51 properties. net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest for 2013 represents our partners' joint venture interests in 58 properties.
the table below shows our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders.
for the year endeddecember 31,                          increase (decrease) to net income
merger-related expenses and deal costs                                                                                            (21,634      )              (63,183      )              41,549                           65.8
income before (loss) income from unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations and noncontrolling interest       479,848                     283,353                    196,495                           69.3
(loss) income from unconsolidated entities                                                                                           (508      )               18,154                    (18,662       )           ( &gt; 100 )
income tax benefit                                                                                                                 11,828                       6,282                      5,546                           88.3
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax                                                               1,380                      (1,025      )              (2,405       )           ( &gt; 100 )
segment noi-triple-net leased properties the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 807 same-store triple-net leased properties.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
segment noi-senior living operations the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
our senior living operations segment revenues increased in 2013 over the prior year primarily due to the seniors housing communities we acquired during 2013 and 2012, including 16 seniors housing communities managed by sunrise that we acquired in may 2012 (the "sunrise-managed 16 communities") and 25 seniors housing communities whose operations we transitioned to atria at the time of closing, and higher average unit occupancy rates and higher average monthly revenue per occupied room in our communities.
property-level operating expenses increased in 2013 over the prior year primarily due to the acquired properties described above, increases in salaries, taxes and insurance costs and higher management fees as a result of increased revenues.
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 195 same-store senior living operating communities.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
same-store senior living operations noi increased in 2013 over the prior year primarily due to higher average unit occupancy rates and higher average monthly revenue per occupied room, partially offset by increases in salaries, taxes and insurance costs and higher management fees as a result of increased revenues.
the following table sets forth average unit occupancy rates and the average monthly revenue per occupied room related to continuing operations in our senior living operations segment for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012:
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                    average unitoccupancy forthe yearendeddecember 31,              averagemonthly revenue per occupied room forthe yearendeddecember 31,
total seniors housing communities           237                        220                       91.1            %                      89.8            %                         $5,470                                              $5,349
same-store seniors housing communities      195                        195                       91.3                                   90.0                                       5,557                                               5,356
segment noi-mob operations the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our mob operations reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,                  increase (decrease) to segment noi
medical office building services revenue        12,077                      16,303                     (4,226       )           (25.9       )
medical office building services costs          (8,315      )               (9,883      )               1,568                    15.9
the increases in our mob operations segment revenues and property-level operating expenses in 2013 over the prior year are primarily due to our acquisition of cogdell spencer inc. ("cogdell") in april 2012, the august 2012 and march 2013 acquisitions of the controlling interests in 38 mobs that we had previously accounted for as investments in unconsolidated entities and other mobs we acquired during 2013 and 2012.
medical office building services revenue and costs both decreased year over year primarily due to a reduction in construction activity during 2013 compared to 2012 and our acquisitions of the controlling interests in 38 mobs that we had previously accounted for as investments in unconsolidated entities, which reduced our management fee revenue.
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 184 same-store mobs.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease)to segment noi
same-store mob operations noi increased primarily due to lower expenses as a result of savings in contract cleaning, real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, and management fees throughout 2013.
the following table sets forth occupancy rates and the annualized average rent per occupied square foot related to continuing operations in our mob operations segment at and for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012:
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                occupancy atdecember 31,            annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the year ended december 31,
segment noi-all other all other noi consists solely of income from loans and investments. income from loans and investments increased in 2013 over the prior year due primarily to $446.0 million aggregate amount of secured loans and other investments we made in december 2012 and thereafter, which had a weighted average effective interest rate of 9.3% at issuance, partially offset by final repayments on and the sales of portions of certain loans receivable throughout 2013.
interest expense the $38.4 million increase in total interest expense, including interest allocated to discontinued operations of $5.5 million and $13.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, is attributed primarily to $55.3 million of additional interest due to higher debt balances, partially offset by a $14.8 million reduction in interest due to lower effective interest rates, including the amortization of any fair value adjustments. our effective interest rate, excluding activity related to our capital leases in 2012, was 3.8% for 2013, as compared to 4.0% for 2012.
general, administrative and professional fees general, administrative and professional fees increased in 2013 primarily due to our continued organizational growth, as a result of the cogdell acquisition and subsequent thereto.
loss on extinguishment of debt, net the loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2013 resulted primarily from the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees as a result of replacing our previous $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a new $3.0 billion unsecured credit facility and the repayment of certain mortgage debt. the loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2012 resulted primarily from our redemption in march 2012 of all $200.0 million principal amount outstanding of our 61⁄2% senior notes due 2016 and our redemption in may 2012 of all $225.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 63⁄4% senior notes due 2017, partially offset by gains recognized on the repayment of certain mortgage debt.
merger-related expenses and deal costs merger-related expenses and deal costs in both years consist of transition and integration expenses related to consummated transactions and deal costs required by gaap to be expensed rather than capitalized into the asset value. the $41.5 million decrease in merger-related expenses and deal costs in 2013 over the prior year reflects lower transition and integration costs attributable to a decline in investment activity in 2013 compared to 2012.
other other consists primarily of building rent expense paid to lease certain of our senior living operating communities. certain of these leasing arrangements were acquired in late december 2012.
loss/income from unconsolidated entities loss/income from unconsolidated entities in 2013 and 2012 relates to our interests in joint ventures that we account for under the equity method of accounting. income from unconsolidated entities for the year ended december 31, 2012 is attributed primarily to a gain of $16.6 million as a result of the re-measurement of equity interest upon our acquisition of the controlling interests (ranging from 80% to 95%) in 36 mobs that we previously accounted for as investments in unconsolidated entities. since the acquisition date, operations relating to these properties have been consolidated in our consolidated statements of income. as of december 31, 2013, we had ownership interests ranging between 5% and 25% in joint ventures with respect to 18 mobs, 20 seniors housing communities and 14 skilled nursing facilities, and we had a 34% ownership interest in atria, which we acquired in late december 2012.
income tax benefit income tax benefit for 2013 was due primarily to the release of valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets of one of our trs entities. income tax benefit for 2012 was due primarily to the income tax benefit of ordinary losses related to our trs entities, partially offset by a valuation allowance recorded against certain deferred tax assets of one of our other trs entities.
discontinued operations discontinued operations for 2013 reflects activity related to 39 properties, 22 of which were sold during 2013, resulting in a net gain of $3.6 million. discontinued operations for 2012 reflects activity related to 82 properties, 43 of which were sold during 2012, resulting in a net gain of $81.0 million.
net income/loss attributable to noncontrolling interest net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for 2013 represents our partners' joint venture interests in 58 properties. net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest for 2012 represents our partners' joint venture interests in 57 properties.
non-gaap financial measures we believe that net income, as defined by gaap, is the most appropriate earnings measurement. however, we consider certain non-gaap financial measures to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. a non-gaap financial measure is a measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are not so excluded from or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. described below are the non-gaap financial measures used by management to evaluate our operating performance and that we consider most useful to investors, together with reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
the non-gaap financial measures we present in this annual report on form 10-k may not be comparable to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. you should not consider these measures as alternatives to net income (determined in accordance with gaap) as indicators of our financial performance or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with gaap) as measures of our liquidity, nor are these measures necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of our needs. in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, you should examine these measures in conjunction with net income as presented in our consolidated financial statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
funds from operations and normalized funds from operations historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. however, since real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. for that reason, we consider funds from operations ("ffo") and normalized ffo to be appropriate measures of operating performance of an equity reit. in particular, we believe that normalized ffo is useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the operating performance of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by unanticipated items and other events such as transactions and litigation. in some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash components of ffo and normalized ffo because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items on our financial results.
we use the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") definition of ffo. nareit defines ffo as net income (computed in accordance with gaap), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate property, including gain on re-measurement of equity method investments, and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect ffo on the same basis. we define normalized ffo as ffo excluding the following income and expense items (which may be recurring in nature): (a) merger-related costs and expenses, including amortization of intangibles, transition and integration expenses, and deal costs and expenses, including expenses and recoveries relating to our acquisition lawsuits; (b) the impact of any expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (c) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses and derivative transactions that have non-cash mark-to-market impacts on our consolidated statements of income; (d) the impact of future acquisitions, divestitures (including pursuant to tenant options to purchase) and
capital transactions; (e) the financial impact of contingent consideration, severance-related costs, charitable donations made to the ventas charitable foundation, gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value of financial instruments; and (f) expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements and related matters.
the following table summarizes our ffo and normalized ffo for each of the five years ended december 31, 2014. our normalized ffo for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased over the prior year due primarily to our 2014 and 2013 investments, net of capital costs, and same-store growth across our portfolio of properties, partially offset by higher general and administrative expenses and loan repayments since january 1, 2013.
for the year ended december 31,
real estate depreciation related to noncontrolling interest             (10,314   )             (10,512   )              (8,503   )            (3,471   )            (6,217   )
real estate depreciation related to unconsolidated entities               5,792                   6,543                   7,516                 6,552                 2,367
gain on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net               -                  (1,241   )             (16,645   )                 -                     -
gain on real estate dispositions                                        (17,970   )                   -                       -                     -                     -
gain on real estate dispositions                                         (1,494   )              (4,059   )             (80,952   )                 -               (25,241   )
depreciation on real estate assets                                        1,555                  47,806                  49,807                15,231                 6,780
litigation proceeds, net                                                      -                       -                       -              (202,259   )                 -
change in fair value of financial instruments                             5,121       449                     99                                2,959                     -
income tax (benefit) expense                                             (9,431   )             (11,828   )              (6,286   )           (31,137   )             2,930
merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs                   54,389                  21,560                  63,183               153,923                19,243
adjusted ebitda we consider adjusted ebitda an important supplemental measure to net income because it provides another manner in which to evaluate our operating performance and serves as another indicator of our ability to service debt. we define adjusted ebitda as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (including non-cash stock-based compensation expense), excluding gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, merger-related expenses and deal costs, expenses related to the re-audit and re-review of our historical financial statements, net gains on real estate activity and changes in the fair value of financial instruments (including amounts in discontinued operations). the following table sets forth a reconciliation of our adjusted ebitda to net income (including amounts in discontinued operations) for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
for the year ended december 31,
merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs                              53,847                    21,634                    63,183
gain on real estate dispositions                                                   (19,183    )               (3,617    )              (80,952    )
changes in fair value of financial instruments                                       5,121        449                       99
gain on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net                          -                    (1,241    )              (16,645    )
adjusted ebitda                                                                 $1,745,781                $1,596,911                $1,450,062
noi we also consider noi an important supplemental measure to net income because it enables investors, analysts and our management to assess our unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results with the operating results of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. we define noi as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and medical office building services costs (including amounts in discontinued operations). cash receipts may differ due to straight-line recognition of certain rental income and the application of other gaap policies. the following table sets forth a reconciliation of our noi to net income (including amounts in discontinued operations) for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
for the year ended december 31,
merger-related expenses and deal costs                      45,051                    21,634                    63,183
loss (income) from unconsolidated entities                     139        508                                  (18,154    )
income tax benefit                                          (8,732    )              (11,828    )               (6,286    )
gain on real estate dispositions                           (19,183    )               (3,617    )              (80,952    )
asset/liability management asset/liability management, a key element of enterprise risk management, is designed to support the achievement of our business strategy, while ensuring that we maintain appropriate and tolerable levels of market risk (primarily interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk) and credit risk. effective management of these risks is a contributing factor to the absolute levels and variability of our ffo and net worth. the following discussion addresses our integrated management of assets and liabilities, including the use of derivative financial instruments.
market risk market risk related to changes in interest rates, such as libor or prime rates, has a direct impact on borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loans, certain of our mortgage loans that are floating rate obligations, mortgage loans receivable that bear interest at floating rates and marketable debt securities. to mitigate these risks, we continuously monitor our level of floating rate debt with respect to total debt and other factors, including our expectations regarding current and future economic conditions.
the table below sets forth certain information with respect to our debt, excluding premiums, discounts and capital lease obligations.
unsecured revolving credit facilities                    919,099                   376,343                   540,727
unsecured revolving credit facilities                        8.5                       4.0                       6.6
unsecured revolving credit facilities                        1.4                       1.2                       1.5
(1)   excludes mortgage debt of $43.5 million, $13.1 million and $23.2 million related to real estate assets classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, which debt is included in accounts payable and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
the variable rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of $153.6 million notional amount of interest rate swaps with a maturity of march 21, 2016 that effectively convert fixed rate debt to variable rate debt. in addition, the fixed rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of $59.0 million notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities ranging from march 2, 2015 to april 1, 2019, in each case that effectively convert variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. the increase in our outstanding variable rate debt at december 31, 2014 compared to december 31, 2013 is attributable primarily to 2014 borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. pursuant to the terms of certain leases with one of our tenants, if interest rates increase on certain variable rate debt that we have totaling $80.0 million as of december 31, 2014, our tenant is required to pay us additional rent (on a dollar-for-dollar basis) in an amount equal to the increase in interest expense resulting from the increased interest rates. therefore, the increase in interest expense related to this debt is equally offset by an increase in additional rent due to us from the tenant. assuming no change in our variable rate debt outstanding as of december 31, 2014, if the weighted average interest rate related to our variable rate debt were to increase 100 basis points, interest expense for 2015 would increase by approximately $23.8 million, or $0.08 per diluted common share.
as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, our joint venture and operating partners' aggregate share of total debt was $141.4 million and $174.5 million, respectively, with respect to certain properties we owned through consolidated joint ventures and an operating partnership. total debt does not include our portion of debt related to investments in unconsolidated entities, which was $97.5 million and $89.3 million as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the fair value of our fixed and variable rate debt is based on current interest rates at which we could obtain similar borrowings. for fixed rate debt, interest rate fluctuations generally affect fair value, but not our earnings or cash flows. therefore, interest rate risk does not significantly impact our fixed rate debt obligations until their maturity or earlier prepayment and refinancing. if interest rates have risen at the time we seek to refinance our fixed rate debt, whether at maturity or otherwise, our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected by increased borrowing costs. conversely, lower interest rates at the time of refinancing may reduce our overall borrowing costs.
to highlight the sensitivity of our fixed rate debt to changes in interest rates, the following summary shows the effects of a hypothetical instantaneous change of 100 basis points ("bps") in interest rates as of december 31, 2014 and 2013:
gross book value                                         $8,488,591                $7,573,698
fair value (1)                                            8,817,982                 7,690,196
fair value reflecting change in interest rates (1):
(1)   the change in fair value of our fixed rate debt from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 was due primarily to 2014 senior note issuances, partially offset by mortgage loan repayments.
as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, the fair value of our secured and unsecured loans receivable, based on our estimates of currently prevailing rates for comparable loans, was $798.0 million and $395.7 million, respectively. see "note 6-loans receivable and investments" and "note 11-fair values of financial instruments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
as a result of our canadian and united kingdom operations, we are subject to fluctuations in certain foreign currency exchange rates that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and operating performance. based solely on our results for the year ended december 31, 2014 (on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the holiday canada acquisition, our 2014 canadian senior note issuances, our u.k. hospital acquisition, and including the impact of existing hedging arrangements ), if the value of the u.s. dollar relative to the british pound and canadian dollar were to increase or decrease by 10% compared to the average exchange rate during that year, our 2014 normalized ffo per share would have decreased or increased, as applicable, by less than $0.02 and $0.02 per share, respectively. we will continue to mitigate these risks through a layered approach to hedging looking out for the next year and continual assessment of our foreign operational capital structure. nevertheless, we cannot assure you that any such fluctuations will not have an effect on our earnings.
concentration and credit risk we use concentration ratios to identify, understand and evaluate the potential impact of economic downturns and other adverse events that may affect our asset types, geographic locations, business models, and tenants, operators and managers. we evaluate concentration risk in terms of investment mix and operations mix. investment mix measures the percentage of our investments that is concentrated in a specific asset type or that is operated or managed by a particular tenant, operator or manager. operations mix measures the percentage of our operating results that is attributed to a particular tenant, operator or manager, geographic location or business model. the following tables reflect our concentration risk as of the dates and for the periods presented:
investment mix by asset type (1):
seniors housing communities                           65.5   %          64.2     %
skilled nursing and other facilities                  13.1              13.6
hospitals                                              2.1               2.3
secured loans receivable and investments, net          3.5               1.7
investment mix by tenant, operator and manager (1):
(1)   ratios are based on the gross book value of real estate investments (excluding assets classified as held for sale) as of each reporting date.
for the year endeddecember 31,
operations mix by tenant and operator and business model:
adjusted ebitda (3):
california                                                  15.0   %          14.5     %        14.1     %
(1)   total revenues include medical office building and other services revenue, revenue from loans and investments and interest and other income (excluding amounts in discontinued operations).
(2)   excludes one seniors housing community included in senior living operations.
(5)   ratios are based on total revenues (excluding amounts in discontinued operations) for each period presented.
see "non-gaap financial measures" included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional disclosure and reconciliations of adjusted ebitda and noi to our net income as computed in accordance with gaap.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases in which the rental rate is generally fixed with annual escalators, subject to certain limitations. some of our triple-net lease escalators are contingent upon the satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters or based on increases in the consumer price index ("cpi"), with caps, floors or collars. we also earn revenues directly from individual residents in our seniors housing communities that are managed by independent operators, such as atria and sunrise, and tenants in our mobs. for the year ended december 31, 2014, 44.0% of our adjusted ebitda (including amounts in discontinued operations) was derived from our senior living operations and mob operations, for which rental rates may fluctuate more frequently upon lease rollovers and renewals due to shorter term leases and changing economic or market conditions.
the concentration of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and operating income that are attributed to brookdale senior living and kindred creates credit risk. if either brookdale senior living or kindred becomes unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations to us, our financial condition and results of operations could be weakened and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders could be limited. we cannot assure you that brookdale senior living and kindred will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable them to satisfy their respective
obligations to us, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living or kindred to do so could have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living or kindred to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect its business reputation and its ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have an indirect material adverse effect on us. see "risk factors-risks arising from our business-our leases with brookdale senior living and kindred account for a significant portion of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and operating income; any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living or kindred to satisfy its obligations under our agreements could have a material adverse effect on us" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k and "note 3-concentration of credit risk" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we regularly monitor and assess any changes in the relative credit risk of our significant tenants, and in particular those tenants that have recourse obligations under our triple-net leases. the ratios and metrics we use to evaluate a significant tenant's liquidity and creditworthiness depend on facts and circumstances specific to that tenant and the industry or industries in which it operates, including without limitation the tenant's credit history and economic conditions related to the tenant, its operations and the markets in which the tenant operates, that may vary over time. among other things, we may (i) review and analyze information regarding the real estate, seniors housing and healthcare industries generally, publicly available information regarding the significant tenant, and information required to be provided by the tenant under the terms of its lease agreements with us, (ii) examine monthly and/or quarterly financial statements of the significant tenant to the extent publicly available or otherwise provided under the terms of our lease agreements, and (iii) participate in periodic discussions and in-person meetings with representatives of the significant tenant.  using this information, we calculate multiple financial ratios (which may, but do not necessarily, include net debt to ebitdar or ebitdarm, fixed charge coverage and tangible net worth), after making certain adjustments based on our judgment, and assess other metrics we deem relevant to an understanding of the significant tenant's credit risk.
because atria and sunrise manage our properties in exchange for the receipt of a management fee from us, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of our managers in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. however, we rely on our managers' personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our senior living operations efficiently and effectively. we also rely on our managers to set appropriate resident fees and to otherwise operate our seniors housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, including various rights to terminate and exercise remedies under the agreements as provided therein, atria's or sunrise's failure, inability or unwillingness to satisfy its respective obligations under those agreements, to efficiently and effectively manage our properties or to provide timely and accurate accounting information with respect thereto could have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, significant changes in atria's or sunrise's senior management or equity ownership or any adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a material adverse effect on us. see "risk factors-risks arising from our business-the properties managed by atria and sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; adverse developments in atria's or sunrise's business and affairs or financial condition could have a material adverse effect on us" and "-we have rights to terminate our management agreements with atria and sunrise in whole or with respect to specific properties under certain circumstances, and we may be unable to replace atria or sunrise if our management agreements are terminated or not renewed" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
in december 2012, we acquired a 34% ownership interest in atria, which entitles us to certain rights and minority protections as well as the right to appoint two of five members on the atria board of directors.
triple-net lease expirations as our triple-net leases expire, we face the risk that our tenants may elect not to renew those leases and, in the event of non-renewal, we may be unable to reposition the applicable properties on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. although the non-renewal of some or all of our triple-net leases could have a material adverse effect on us, during the year ended december 31, 2014, none of our triple-net lease renewals or expirations without renewal had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations for that period. see "risk factors-risks arising from our business-if we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on us" included in part i, item ia of this annual report on form 10-k.
the following table summarizes our triple-net lease expirations currently scheduled to occur over the next ten years (excluding leases related to assets classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2014):
as of december 31, 2014, we had re-leased to kindred, transitioned to new operators or sold 107 of the 108 licensed healthcare assets whose lease terms with kindred were scheduled to expire on september 30, 2014, and we expect to sell the remaining asset during 2015; however, this transaction remains subject to customary due diligence conditions, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully complete the sale on a timely basis or at all.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2014, we had a total of $55.3 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, operating cash and cash related to our senior living operations and mob operations reportable business segments that is deposited and held in property-level accounts. funds maintained in the property-level accounts are used primarily for the payment of property-level expenses, debt service payments and certain capital expenditures. as of december 31, 2014, we also had escrow deposits and restricted cash of $71.8 million and $1.1 billion of unused borrowing capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility.
during 2014, our principal sources of liquidity were cash flows from operations, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and cad unsecured term loan, proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities, proceeds from asset sales and cash on hand.
for the next 12 months, our principal liquidity needs are to: (i) fund operating expenses; (ii) meet our debt service requirements; (iii) repay maturing mortgage and other debt, including $634.4 million of senior notes; (iv) fund capital expenditures; (v) fund acquisitions, investments and commitments, including development and redevelopment activities; and (vi) make distributions to our stockholders and unitholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a reit. in addition, we may elect to prepay outstanding indebtedness prior to maturity based on our analysis of various factors. we expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. however, an inability to access liquidity through multiple capital sources concurrently could have a material adverse effect on us. see "risk factors-risks arising from our capital structure-limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
in january 2015, we funded the hct acquisition through the issuance of approximately 28.4 million shares of our common stock and 1.1 million limited partnership units that are redeemable for shares of our common stock, the payment of approximately $11 million in cash (excluding cash in lieu of fractional shares) and the assumption or repayment of debt, net of hct cash in hand.
unsecured credit facility and unsecured term loans our unsecured credit facility is comprised of a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility priced at libor plus 1.0% as of december 31, 2014, and a $200.0 million four-year term loan and an $800.0 million five-year term loan, each priced at libor plus 1.05% as of december 31, 2014. the revolving credit facility matures in january 2018, but may be extended, at our option subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, for an additional period of one year. the $200.0 million and $800.0 million term loans mature in january 2018 and january 2019, respectively. the unsecured credit facility also includes an accordion feature that permits us to increase our aggregate borrowing capacity thereunder to up to $3.5 billion.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $919.1 million of borrowings outstanding, $13.3 million of letters of credit outstanding and $1.1 billion of unused borrowing capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility.
in july 2014, we entered into a new cad 791.0 million unsecured term loan to initially fund the holiday canada acquisition. the term loan was scheduled to mature on july 30, 2015, but in september 2014, we repaid cad 660.0 million of borrowings principally with proceeds from the sale of unsecured senior notes issued by our wholly owned subsidiary, ventas canada finance limited, and in december 2014, we repaid in full all remaining amounts outstanding under the term loan.
the agreement governing our unsecured credit facility requires us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. see "note 10-borrowing arrangements" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we were in compliance with all of these covenants at december 31, 2014.
senior notes as of december 31, 2014, we had $5.8 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by our subsidiary, ventas realty, limited partnership ("ventas realty"), and guaranteed by ventas, inc. outstanding as follows:
with the exception of the senior notes due 2016, the senior notes due 2017, the senior notes due 2024, and the 5.70% senior notes due 2043, all of these senior notes were co-issued with ventas realty's wholly owned subsidiary, ventas capital corporation.
•   $52.4 million principal amount of 6.90% senior notes due 2037 (subject to earlier repayment at the option of the holder); and
•   $23.0 million principal amount of 6.59% senior notes due 2038 (subject to earlier repayment at the option of the holder).
in addition, as of december 31, 2014, we had $559.3 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes of our wholly owned subsidiary, ventas canada finance limited, and guaranteed by ventas, inc. outstanding as follows:
in january 2015, we issued and sold $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.500% senior notes due 2025 at a public offering price equal to 99.663% of par, for total proceeds of $598.0 million before the underwriting discount and expenses, and $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due 2045 at a public offering price equal to 99.500% of par, for total proceeds of $298.5 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. the notes are guaranteed by ventas, inc.
also in january 2015, our wholly owned subsidiary, ventas canada finance limited, issued and sold cad 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.30% senior notes, series c due 2022 at an offering price equal to 99.992% of par, for total proceeds of cad 250.0 million before the agent fees and expenses. the notes are guaranteed by ventas, inc. and were offered on a private placement basis in canada.
2014 activity in april 2014, we issued and sold $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.250% senior notes due 2017 at a public offering price equal to 99.815% of par, for total proceeds of $299.4 million before the underwriting discount and expenses, and $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.750% senior notes due 2024 at a public offering price equal to 99.304% of par, for total proceeds of $397.2 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
in september 2014, our wholly owned subsidiary, ventas canada finance limited, issued and sold cad 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.00% senior notes, series a due 2019 at an offering price equal to 99.713% of par, for total proceeds of cad 398.9 million before the agent fees and expenses, and cad 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes, series b due 2024 at an offering price equal to 99.601% of par, for total proceeds of cad 249.0 million before the agent fees and expenses. the notes were offered on a private placement basis in canada. we used the proceeds from the issuance to repay a portion of the cad 791.0 million unsecured term loan.
2013 activity in february 2013, we repaid in full, at par, $270.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6.25% senior notes due 2013 upon maturity.
in march 2013, we issued and sold: $258.8 million aggregate principal amount of 5.45% senior notes due 2043 at a public offering price equal to par, for total proceeds of $258.8 million before the underwriting discounts and expenses; and $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.700% senior notes due 2020 at a public offering price equal to 99.942% of par, for total proceeds of $499.7 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
in september 2013, we issued and sold: $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.55% senior notes due 2016 at a public offering price equal to 99.910% of par, for total proceeds of $549.5 million before the underwriting discount and expenses; and $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.70% senior notes due 2043 at a public offering price equal to 99.628% of par, for total proceeds of $298.9 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
2012 activity in february 2012, we issued and sold $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.25% senior notes due 2022 at a public offering price equal to 99.214% of par, for total proceeds of $595.3 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
in april 2012, we issued and sold $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.00% senior notes due 2019 at a public offering price equal to 99.489% of par, for total proceeds of $596.9 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
in august 2012, we initially issued and sold $275.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2022 ("2022 notes") at a public offering price equal to 99.027% of par, for total proceeds of $272.3 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. in december 2012, we issued and sold an additional $225.0 million principal amount of 2022 notes at a public offering price equal to 98.509% of par, for total proceeds of $221.6 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
also in december 2012, we issued and sold $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.00% senior notes due 2018 at a public offering price equal to 99.739% of par, for total proceeds of $698.2 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
during 2012, we repaid in full, at par, $155.4 million aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our 9% senior notes due 2012 and our 8.25% senior notes due 2012 upon maturity, and we redeemed: all $225.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 63⁄4% senior notes due 2017 at a redemption price equal to 103.375% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date; and all $200.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 61⁄2% senior notes due 2016 at a redemption price equal to 103.25% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, in each case pursuant to the terms of the applicable indenture governing the notes. as a result of these redemptions, we recognized a total loss on extinguishment of debt of $39.7 million.
we may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding senior notes for cash or in exchange for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, prospects for future access to capital and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes require us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. see "note 10-borrowing arrangements" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we were in compliance with all of these covenants at december 31, 2014.
during 2014, we assumed or originated mortgage debt of $246.8 million and repaid in full mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of $398.0 million. we recognized a net loss on extinguishment of debt of $2.3 million in connection with these repayments.
during 2013, we assumed or originated mortgage debt of $178.8 million in connection with our $1.8 billion of gross investments, and we repaid in full mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of $493.7 million. we recognized a net gain on extinguishment of debt of $0.5 million in connection with these repayments.
during 2012, we assumed $380.3 million of mortgage debt and repaid in full mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of $344.2 million. we recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of $2.1 million in connection with these repayments.
see "note 4-acquisitions of real estate property" and "note 10-borrowing arrangements" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
dividends in order to continue to qualify as a reit, we must make annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90% of our reit taxable income (excluding net capital gain). in 2014, our board of directors declared and we paid cash dividends on our common stock aggregating $2.965 per share, which exceeds 100% of our 2014 estimated taxable income after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards. we intend to pay dividends greater than 100% of our taxable income, after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards, for 2015. in connection with the hct acquisition, on january 5, 2015, our board of directors declared a prorated first quarter dividend on our common stock in the amount of $0.2107 per share, which was paid in cash on january 27, 2015 to stockholders of record on january 15, 2015. on february 13, 2015, our board of directors declared another prorated dividend on our common stock in the amount of $0.5793 per share, payable in cash on march 31, 2015 to stockholders of record on march 6, 2015. together, these two prorated amounts equate to the first quarterly installment of our 2015 dividend of $0.79 per share.
we expect that our cash flows will exceed our reit taxable income due to depreciation and other non-cash deductions in computing reit taxable income and that we will be able to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement. however, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to meet this requirement or we may decide to retain cash or distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation. if we do not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, or if we desire to retain cash, we may borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements or any combination of the
foregoing. see "certain u.s. federal income tax considerations-requirements for qualification as a reit-annual distribution requirements" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
capital expenditures the terms of our triple-net leases generally obligate our tenants to pay all capital expenditures necessary to maintain and improve our triple-net leased properties. however, from time to time, we may fund the capital expenditures for our triple-net leased properties through loans to the tenants or advances, which may increase the amount of rent payable with respect to the properties in certain cases. we expect to fund any capital expenditures for which we may become responsible upon expiration of our triple-net leases or in the event that our tenants are unable or unwilling to meet their obligations under those leases with cash flows from operations or through additional borrowings.
we also expect to fund capital expenditures related to our senior living operations and mob operations reportable business segments with the cash flows from the properties or through additional borrowings. to the extent that unanticipated capital expenditure needs arise or significant borrowings are required, our liquidity may be affected adversely. our ability to borrow additional funds may be restricted in certain circumstances by the terms of the instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness.
we are party to certain agreements that obligate us to develop seniors housing or healthcare properties funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. as of december 31, 2014, we had one new property under development pursuant to these agreements. through december 31, 2014, we have funded $3.4 million of our estimated total commitment over the projected development period ($10.0 million to $11.0 million) toward these projects. in addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our existing seniors housing communities to maximize the value, increase noi, maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property.
equity offerings and related events in march 2013, we established an "at-the-market" ("atm") equity offering program through which we may sell from time to time up to an aggregate of $750 million of our common stock. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we issued and sold a total of 3,381,678 shares of common stock under the program for aggregate net proceeds of $242.3 million (all of which was received in the fourth quarter of 2014), after sales agent commissions of $3.7 million. as of december 31, 2014, approximately $360.4 million of our common stock remained available for sale under our atm equity offering program. in january 2015, we issued and sold a total of 3,750,202 shares of common stock under the atm program for aggregate net proceeds of $285.8 million, after sales agent commissions of $4.4 million.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we issued and sold a total of 2,069,200 shares of common stock under the atm program for aggregate net proceeds of $141.5 million, after sales agent commissions of $2.1 million.
in december 2012, through our acquisition of certain private equity funds, we acquired 3.7 million shares of our common stock that were held in treasury and subsequently canceled in february 2014. see "note 4-acquisitions of real estate property."
in june 2012, we completed the public offering and sale of 5,980,000 shares of our common stock for $342.5 million in aggregate proceeds.
in april 2012, we filed an automatic shelf registration statement on form s-3 relating to the sale, from time to time, of an indeterminate amount of debt securities and related guarantees, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares and warrants. this registration statement replaced our previous automatic shelf registration statement, which expired pursuant to the sec's rules.
other we received proceeds of $26.2 million and $6.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, from the exercises of outstanding stock options. future proceeds from the exercises of stock options will be affected primarily by the future trading price of our common stock and the number of options outstanding. the number of options outstanding increased to 2,460,628 as of december 31, 2014, from 2,258,763 as of december 31, 2013. the weighted average exercise price was $57.45 as of december 31, 2014.
we issued approximately 19,000 and 29,000 shares of common stock under our distribution reinvestment and stock purchase plan ("drip") for net proceeds of $1.2 million and $1.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the drip was suspended effective july 3, 2014. we may determine whether or not to reinstate the drip at any time, in our sole discretion.
cash flows the following table sets forth our sources and uses of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013:
for the year endeddecember 31,                        increase (decrease)to cash
net cash provided by operating activities                                 1,254,845                     1,194,755                   60,090          5.0
net cash used in investing activities                                    (2,055,040      )             (1,282,760      )          (772,280      )          (60.2      )
net cash provided by financing activities                                   758,057                       114,996                  643,061                 &gt; 100
effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents           2,670                           (83      )             2,753                 &gt; 100
cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities increased in 2014 over the prior year primarily due to our 2013 and 2014 investments, net of capital costs, and same-store growth across our portfolio of properties, partially offset by higher general and administrative expenses and merger-related expenses and deal costs, and expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements and related matters.
cash flows from investing activities cash used in investing activities during 2014 and 2013 consisted primarily of cash paid for our investments in real estate ($1.5 billion and $1.4 billion in 2014 and 2013, respectively), investments in loans receivable ($499.0 million and $38.0 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively), purchase of marketable securities ($96.7 million in 2014), capital expenditures ($87.5 million and $81.6 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively) and development project expenditures ($107.0 million and $95.7 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively). these uses were partially offset by proceeds from loans receivable ($73.6 million and $325.5 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively), proceeds from the sale or maturity of marketable debt securities ($21.7 million and $5.5 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively), and proceeds from real estate dispositions ($118.2 million and $35.6 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively).
cash flows from financing activities cash provided by financing activities during 2014 and 2013 consisted primarily of net borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility ($540.2 million in 2014), net proceeds from the issuance of debt ($2.0 billion and $2.8 billion in 2014 and 2013, respectively) and net proceeds from the issuance of common stock ($242.1 million and $141.3 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively). these cash inflows were partially offset by debt repayments ($1.2 billion and $1.8 billion in 2014 and 2013, respectively), cash distributions to common stockholders, unitholders and noncontrolling interest parties ($890.9 million and $816.4 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively), net payments made on our unsecured revolving credit facility ($164.0 million in 2013) and payments for deferred financing costs ($14.2 million and $31.3 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively).
contractual obligations the following table summarizes the effect that minimum debt (which includes principal and interest payments) and other material noncancelable commitments are expected to have on our cash flow in future periods as of december 31, 2014:
(2)   interest on variable rate debt was based on forward rates obtained as of december 31, 2014.
(3)   excludes $43.5 million of mortgage debt related to real estate assets classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2014 that is scheduled to mature between 2015 and 2018.
(6)   includes $919.1 million of borrowings outstanding on our unsecured revolving credit facility, $700.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 2.00% senior notes due 2018, $200.0 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan due 2018, $790.6 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan due 2019, $600.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 4.00% senior notes due 2019 and $344.2 million outstanding principal amount of our 3.00% senior notes, series a due 2019.
(7)   includes $3.5 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding of our senior notes maturing between 2020 and 2043. $52.4 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 6.90% senior notes due 2037 are subject to repurchase, at the option of the holders, on october 1 in each of 2017 and 2027, and $23.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 6.59% senior notes due 2038 are subject to repurchase, at the option of the holders, on july 7 in each of 2018, 2023 and 2028.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $25.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits that are excluded from the table above, as we are unable to make a reasonable reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective tax authority.