We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate customer needs, our revenues and profitability could decline, and as customer demand for our cloud offerings increases, we experience volatility in our reported revenues and operating results due to differences in timing of revenue recognition. We incur certain expenses associated with the infrastructure and marketing of our cloud offerings in advance of our ability to recognize the related revenues, and the integration of acquired cloud computing companies may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated, which could adversely affect our ability to fully realize the anticipated benefits. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services and enhance our existing products and services. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings, including automation based on machine learning, and if these offerings fail to operate as promised, our business and reputation may be harmed. Despite testing, our cloud, license and hardware offerings sometimes contain coding, manufacturing or configuration errors that can impact their function, performance and security, and the detection and correction of any errors can be time consuming and costly; errors or delays in releasing our offerings could affect sales and cause revenue declines. We run our own business operations on the products and networks we offer, and any flaws could affect both our operations and our customers’. If our security measures are compromised and our data, our customers’ data or our IT systems are accessed improperly, made unavailable or improperly modified, our products and services may be perceived as vulnerable, our brand and reputation could be damaged, our services disrupted and customers may stop using our offerings, all of which could reduce our revenue and earnings, increase our expenses and expose us to legal claims and regulatory actions. We have invested significant resources in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services and data, yet the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently, grow more complex and often are not recognized until launched against a target, and our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge. A major earthquake, fire, political or social disruption, natural disaster or other catastrophic event could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and materially and adversely affect our future operating results. Economic, political and market conditions beyond our control, including government spending constraints, macroeconomic developments such as uncertainty arising from the United Kingdom’s vote to exit the EU, international unrest, public health crises or natural disasters, could negatively affect our business, operating results, financial condition and outlook, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. We face intense competition that constantly evolves as firms emerge, expand or are acquired and as technology and delivery models change; we could lose customers if competitors introduce new functionality, reduce prices, execute more effective sales and marketing strategies or form strategic alliances. We depend on suppliers to design, develop, manufacture and deliver on a timely basis the necessary technologies and components for our hardware products, and our supply chain operations could be disrupted or negatively impacted by industry consolidation, component shortages, natural disasters, political unrest, port stoppages or other transportation disruptions in the countries or regions where these vendors operate. Any manufacturing disruption or logistics delay by third parties could impair our ability to fulfill orders for our hardware products and result in lost sales and customers. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties.