“We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive,” requiring “significant investment in and expenditures for product development.”  To improve “internal growth,” the company is “strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets,” “allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects,” “expanding our service offerings,” “continuing key customer initiatives,” “combining sales and marketing operations in appropriate markets,” “finding new markets for our products” and “continuing the development of commercial tools and infrastructure to increase and support cross-selling opportunities.”  The business is subject to “general economic conditions and related uncertainties,” including global economic instability that could reduce demand, increase cancellations, pressure prices and create excess inventories; “economic, political, foreign currency and other risks associated with international sales and operations,” such as trade barriers, currency fluctuations and transportation interruptions; “changes in governmental regulations” that may “reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses”; and “production problems” that could lead to recalls, seizures or regulatory sanctions.  To mitigate these exposures, the company maintains a $2.50 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, intends to preserve undrawn capacity equivalent to outstanding commercial paper “in the event that commercial paper markets are not available,” and believes that “existing cash and cash equivalents … and future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity … will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.”  The company emphasizes “productivity improvements” via its Practical Process Improvement system, global sourcing, facility consolidation and low-cost region manufacturing, and periodically incurs “restructuring and other costs”—including severance and abandoned facility expenses—to streamline operations and achieve “annual cost savings.”  It protects innovation through “patent and trade secret protection,” configures and markets products to meet evolving regulatory standards, and applies quality management systems to manage risks in pharma services.  Information technology and disaster recovery planning address vulnerabilities to natural disasters, power interruptions, cyber-attacks and system failures, although “disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality.”  The company “reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists” and “evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually,” while tax planning initiatives and valuation allowances on deferred tax assets seek to optimize effective rates without net repatriation costs.  These combined resource allocations, processes and financial strategies reflect the company’s efforts to absorb strain, preserve or improve functioning and maintain performance under challenging conditions.