The “risk factors” disclosure notes our susceptibility to “any potential downturn associated with increasing protectionism, trade tensions and macroeconomic weakness” and “possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks,” while warning that “a natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations may adversely affect our results and financial condition.” We acknowledge that “breaches or disruptions of information technology systems … could compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of … confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations,” and observe that “cybersecurity threats are frequent and constantly evolving.” We face “substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures,” and caution that the “price and product development pressures … may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities … if we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors.” We flag that “changes in expected demand for our products could have a material adverse effect” and that our “ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter’s revenue forecast,” noting that “if we inaccurately forecast customer demand, we may hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory.” In our supply chain we “rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner,” but “access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by … disruptions in our suppliers’ operations … natural events … or limited or delayed access to key raw materials,” and that “limited or delayed access to and high costs of these items could adversely affect our results of operations.” We further note that “our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations … compliance with these laws … may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business,” and if “we fail to comply or if we become subject to enforcement activity, we could be subject to fines, penalties or other legal liability.” Financial resilience considerations include that “our debt could affect our operations and financial condition” since “our obligation to make principal and interest payments … could divert funds that otherwise would be invested in our operations or returned to shareholders,” that our “ability to fund our operations … depends upon continuous access to our bank and investment accounts,” and that “if we are unable to access these accounts and credit lines, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.” We emphasize that “our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations” supported by “cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and a variable rate, revolving credit facility,” and “we believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.” In our management’s discussion and analysis we detail a business model built on “a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology” via “in-house manufacturing” and “investment in manufacturing technologies” to “ensure a consistent supply of products,” coupled with a “broad portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing semiconductors” and “broadest reach of market channels” through our “web presence” and “global sales force,” underpinned by the “diversity and longevity of our products, markets and customer positions” so that “we are not dependent on any single product, customer, technology or market” and “some of our products generate revenue for decades,” with annual investments of “more than $1 billion each year to develop new products … to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes,” and a stated commitment that “we will continue to be disciplined with our operating plan and expenses, while focusing on long-term investments to strengthen our competitive advantages,” together with a capital management strategy based on “free cash flow growth” defined as “cash flows from operating activities less capital expenditures,” which “provides insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders.”