The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures, such as restrictions on travel and business operations, temporary closures of businesses, and quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. The COVID-19 pandemic has at times significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets. The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken by many countries in response have affected and could in the future materially impact the company's business, results of operations, and financial condition. Certain of the company's outsourcing partners, component suppliers, and logistical service providers have experienced disruptions during the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in supply shortages. Similar disruptions could occur in the future. The company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis, aligning with the location of the company's customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. The company's future gross margins can be impacted by a variety of factors, as discussed in part I, item 1A of this form 10-K under the heading "risk factors." As a result, the company believes, in general, gross margins will be subject to volatility and downward pressure. The year-over-year growth in research and development expense in 2022 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses and engineering program costs. The company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the company's products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. The company also obtains individual components for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. Outsourcing partners acquire components and build product based on demand information supplied by the company, which typically covers periods up to 150 days. The company's manufacturing purchase obligations are primarily noncancelable. The company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain. The company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. Resolution of legal matters in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations could have a material impact on the company's financial condition and operating results. The company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents, and unrestricted marketable securities, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond. The company's material cash requirements include various contractual obligations, including outstanding fixed-rate notes and lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities. The company intends to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the board of directors. The evaluation of the company's uncertain tax positions involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex domestic and international tax laws. Although management believes the company's reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these uncertainties will not be different from that which is reflected in the company's reserves. Reserves are adjusted considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax examination.