The pandemic caused by the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the numerous measures implemented by government authorities in response have impacted and may continue to impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Malaysia, Thailand, and India. Each of these countries has been affected by the pandemic and taken measures to try to contain it, resulting in disruptions at some of our manufacturing operations and facilities, including restrictions on our access to facilities. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting employee travel, modifying employee work locations, and cancelling physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences. While we are confident that our strategy and long-term contingency planning have positioned us well to weather the current uncertainty, we cannot at this time fully quantify or forecast the impact of COVID-19 on our business. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows continues to largely depend on future developments, including the duration, scope, and severity of the pandemic, any additional resurgences, variants and severity of variants, and the ability to effectively and widely manufacture and distribute vaccines, which are not within our control and cannot be accurately predicted and are uncertain. The acquisition of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. is referred to as the acquisition. The increase in operating income in fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily the result of a $3,007.5 million increase in gross margin, partially offset by a $475.8 million increase in amortization expenses, a $404.4 million increase in R&D expenses, a $350.8 million increase in SMG&A expenses, and a $190.1 million increase in special charges, net. Special charges, net increased in fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily as a result of charges recorded as part of the integration of Maxim and continued organizational initiatives to better align our global workforce with our long-term strategic plan. The increase in accounts receivable for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily the result of variations in the timing of collections and billings and increased revenue levels. Inventory increased in fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily as a result of our efforts to balance manufacturing production, demand, and inventory levels. Our inventory levels are impacted by our need to support forecasted sales demand and variations between those forecasts and actual demand. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations, together with existing and anticipated available short- and long-term financing, will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, and dividend payments in the immediate future and for at least the next twelve months. We expect to continue the development of innovative technologies and processes for new products. We believe that a continued commitment to R&D is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. The change in cash used for financing activities during fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily the result of a net decrease in debt in fiscal 2022 as compared to a net increase in debt in fiscal 2021, as well as higher dividend payments, partially offset by lower common stock repurchases. The calculations above include the financial results of Maxim prospectively from the acquisition date.