Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are few centralized or integrated business functions. The COVID-19 pandemic affected our operating businesses in varying ways and degrees, particularly in 2020 and 2021. Significant disruptions of supply chains and higher costs emerged in 2021 and persisted in 2022. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of these events on our businesses. Insurance underwriting results included after-tax losses from significant catastrophe events of approximately $2.4 billion in 2022, $2.3 billion in 2021, and $750 million in 2020. Underwriting results in 2022 were negatively impacted by increases in private passenger automobile claims frequencies and severities at Geico, and favorably impacted by higher earnings from reinsurance underwriting and foreign currency exchange rate gains arising from the remeasurement of non-U.S. dollar denominated liabilities of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries. We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings over the long term in all business categories. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We currently consider pre-tax incurred losses exceeding $150 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. The effective income tax rate was 8.5% in 2022. The increase in 2022 reflected higher earnings from other energy businesses, including tax equity investments and the northern powergrid businesses, as well as from the natural gas pipeline businesses. We experienced the negative effects of higher materials, freight, labor, and other input costs through much of 2022. Many of our businesses generated significantly higher earnings in 2021 compared to 2020, attributable to relatively strong customer demand for products and higher selling prices, partially offset by higher materials, freight, and other input costs attributable to ongoing disruptions in global supply chains. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. Financial strength and redundant liquidity will always be of paramount importance. We anticipate that these payments will be funded by operating cash flows. We are also obligated to pay claims arising from our property and casualty insurance companies. Such liabilities, including amounts from retroactive reinsurance, were approximately $143 billion at December 31, 2022. The nature and extent of loss information provided under many facultative or per occurrence excess contracts may be comparable to the information received under a primary insurance contract. We maintain certain internal procedures to determine that the information is complete and in compliance with the contract terms. We believe there are no coverage disputes at this time for which an adverse resolution would likely have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. Our claim liability estimation process for short-tail lines utilizes a combination of the paid and incurred loss development methods and the incurred and paid loss bornhuetter-ferguson methods. We expect the claim-tails to be very long. We establish liability estimates by individual contract, considering exposure and development trends. Our contracts are generally subject to maximum limits of indemnifications. We currently expect that maximum remaining gross losses payable under our retroactive policies will not exceed $52 billion.