Our operations are comprised of the merchant acceptance segment, the financial technology segment, and the payments segment. We provide account processing and digital banking solutions; card issuer processing and network services; payments; e-commerce; merchant acquiring and processing; and the Clover® cloud-based point-of-sale and business management platform. The businesses in our acceptance segment provide a wide range of commerce-enabling solutions and serve merchants of all sizes around the world. These solutions include POS merchant acquiring and digital commerce services; mobile payment services; security and fraud protection products; Clover, our cloud-based POS and integrated commerce operating system for small and mid-sized businesses and independent software vendors; and Carat, our integrated operating system for large businesses. We distribute the products and services in the acceptance segment through a variety of channels, including direct sales teams, strategic partnerships with agent sales forces, independent software vendors, financial institutions, and other strategic partners in the form of joint venture alliances, revenue sharing alliances, and referral agreements. Our purpose is to deliver superior value for our clients through leading technology, targeted innovation, and excellence in everything we do. We are focused on driving growth and creating value by assembling a high-performing and diverse team, integrating our solutions, delivering operational excellence, and delivering breakthrough innovation. The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce, and real-time payments infrastructure. Business and consumer expectations continue to rise, with a focus on speed, convenience, choice, and security. To meet these expectations, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, expanding the use of data, and enhancing the customer experience. The rapid growth in and globalization of mobile and e-commerce has created an opportunity for merchants to reach consumers nearly anywhere, which often requires a merchant acquiring provider to enable and optimize the acceptance of payments. Merchants are demanding simpler, integrated, and flexible systems to accept payments and help manage their everyday business operations. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We expect to acquire businesses when we identify a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service, or technology that helps meet client demand; an opportunity to change industry dynamics; or a way to achieve business scale that enables competition and operational efficiency. We frequently review our portfolio to ensure we have the necessary business assets to execute our strategy. We expect to divest businesses that are not in line with our market, product, or financial strategies. Our operating cash flow was $4.6 billion in 2022, an increase of 14% compared with 2021. This increase was primarily attributable to improved operating results, partially offset by higher working capital use compared to the prior year. We maintain investments in various affiliates that are accounted for as equity method investments. Our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt securities, and the market price of our common stock. Our ability to meet future debt covenant requirements will depend on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows.