We continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings and improve our existing offerings across our businesses. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, such as India. We continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased Alphabet Inc. revenues from emerging markets. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results. Changes in social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range of topics and related legal matters have resulted in fines and caused us to change our business practices. As these global trends continue, our cost of doing business may increase, our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products or services may be limited, and we may need to change our business practices. We expect these trends to continue to affect our revenues and put pressure on our margins. We expect to incur employee severance and related charges as we take actions to optimize our global office space. We may incur additional charges in the future as we further evaluate our real estate needs. Our largest source of cash provided by operations are advertising revenues generated by Google search & other properties, Google network properties, and YouTube properties. Additionally, we generate cash through sales of apps and in-app purchases, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include payments to distribution and Google network partners, to employees for compensation, and to content providers. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI. We recognize total operating lease assets and have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future short-term and long-term lease payments. We assess the reasonableness of the useful lives of our property and equipment periodically as well as when other changes occur, such as when there are changes to ongoing business operations, changes in the planned use and utilization of assets, or technological advancements, that could indicate a change in the period over which we expect to benefit from the assets. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate.