The current macroeconomic environment is impacting our customers financially and operationally as well. Hospitals are experiencing staffing shortages and supply chain issues that could affect their ability to provide patient care. Additionally, hospitals are facing significant financial pressure as supply chain constraints and inflation drive up operating costs, rising interest rates make access to credit more expensive, unrealized losses decrease available cash reserves, and fiscal stimulus programs enacted during the COVID-19 pandemic wind down. As a consequence of the financial pressures and decreased profitability, some hospitals have indicated that they are lowering their capital investment plans and tightening their operational budgets. We believe that these factors have contributed to a softening in our U.S. capital pipeline, and we expect that demand for capital, particularly in the U.S., will continue to be impacted while macroeconomic conditions remain challenging. The COVID-19 pandemic has contributed to the staffing shortages experienced by hospitals, which impacts hospitals' ability to provide patient care and, in some cases, results in the deferral of elective surgeries. Our priorities and actions during the COVID-19 pandemic have included focusing on the health and safety of all those we serve, supporting our customers according to their priorities, ensuring continuity of supply by working with our suppliers and distributors, and securing our workforce economically. We have built a valuable team over the years, and we believe they will be important in a recovery that follows the pandemic. We are engaged in activities to seek to mitigate supply disruptions, but the global supply chain shortages will remain a challenge for the foreseeable future. Such global shortages in important components as well as certain logistics challenges have resulted in, and will continue to cause, inflationary cost pressure in our supply chain. To date, these supply chain challenges have not materially impacted our results of operations or ability to deliver products and services to our customers. However, if shortages in important supply chain materials in the semiconductor or other markets or logistics challenges continue, we could fail to meet product demand, which could result in deferred or canceled procedures. We have experienced increased difficulties in obtaining a sufficient supply of a number of component materials used in our products, such as semiconductor components as well as a range of other materials, including metals and polymers, as global supply has become significantly constrained due to increased demand for certain materials. The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, pricing, competition, market and consumer acceptance, the effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, the management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. The depth and extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact individual markets will vary based on the availability of vaccinations, personal protective equipment, intensive care units and operating rooms, and medical staff, as well as government interventions. The impact of COVID-19 on our procedure volumes varies widely by country, region, and type. When COVID-19 infection rates spike in a particular region, procedure volumes have been negatively impacted and the diagnoses of new conditions and their related treatments have been deferred. We do not expect all markets, regions, and procedure types to recover at the same time or at the same pace. The current macroeconomic environment is characterized by uncertainty surrounding macroeconomic factors in the U.S. and globally, which may result in a recession, potentially having a material adverse effect on our long-term business.