The COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses to it created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. We cannot predict the future impacts of this ongoing and any new pandemic(s). The increase in operating margin is primarily due to revenues growing at a slower rate as compared to the 15% increase in content amortization. Revenue growth during the year was impacted by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, while content amortization increased as a result of delays in content releases due to the COVID-19 pandemic impacting the comparable prior year period. We expect that from time to time the prices of our membership plans in each country may change and we may test other plan and price variations. Our ability to obtain financing will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We anticipate that our future capital needs from the debt market will be more limited compared to prior years. Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our content, debt, and lease obligations. We expect to continue to significantly invest in global content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make strategic acquisitions and investments, and for certain other activities like stock repurchases. The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment. Our business model is subscription-based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. We have built our own global content delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. We recognize content assets as "content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. The contractual obligations table above does not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years. However, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years. The amount of principal and interest due in the next twelve months is $682 million. The amount of principal and interest due beyond the next twelve months is $17,529 million. We may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. We believe that it is more likely than not that most of the deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets will ultimately be realized. The assumptions utilized in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying business.