We begin management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. Our products and services include enterprise applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models. Accordingly, we offer choice and flexibility to our customers and facilitate the product, service, and deployment combinations that best suit our customers' needs. The descriptions set forth below provide additional information related to our businesses and operating segments and align to how our chief operating decision makers view our operating results and allocate resources. Our cloud and license business markets, sells, and delivers a broad spectrum of enterprise applications and infrastructure technologies through our cloud and license offerings. Providing choice and flexibility to our customers as to when and how they deploy Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies are important elements of our corporate strategy. In recent periods, customer demand for our applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through our Oracle cloud services has increased. To address customer demand and enable customer choice, we have introduced certain programs for customers to pivot their applications and infrastructure licenses to the Oracle cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the Oracle cloud for their existing workloads. Our cloud and license business' revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic and business conditions, customer satisfaction with our offerings, and our ability to manage Oracle cloud capacity requirements to meet existing and prospective customer demand. We believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business' total revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development and our cloud operations to develop, improve, increase the capacity of, and expand the geographic footprint of our cloud and license products and services. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, and credit agreements will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligations requirements. In addition, we believe that we could fund our future acquisitions, dividend payments, and repurchases of common stock or debt with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. We experienced COVID-19 related impacts to our businesses during fiscal 2022 and 2021. We expect certain of these expenses may normalize in future periods provided global economic and health conditions improve. The majority of the initiatives undertaken by our restructuring plan were effected to implement our continued emphasis in developing, marketing, selling, and delivering our cloud-based offerings. We may incur additional restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with existing restructuring plans. We have historically generated cash from the sales of new licenses, cloud services, hardware offerings, and other services. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are typically for employee-related expenditures, material and manufacturing costs related to the production of our hardware products, taxes, interest payments, and leased facilities. We believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on Oracle technologies, extensive experience, broad sets of intellectual property, and best practices. Our services offerings include consulting services and advanced customer services.