The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements, and performance measures. As a combined company, we have been able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries, and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. We are evaluating additional restructuring initiatives which are dependent on consultations and negotiation with certain counterparties and the expected impact on our business operations, which could affect the amount or timing of the restructuring costs and related payments. To achieve merger synergies in network costs, we continue to perform rationalization activities to identify duplicative networks, backhaul services, and other agreements, in addition to decommissioning certain small cell sites and distributed antenna systems. We expect to realize merger synergies by eliminating redundancies within our combined network as well as other business processes and operations. We expect our principal sources of funding to be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements and anticipated payments associated with the restructuring initiatives. We are subject to numerous arbitration demands and lawsuits, including class action lawsuits, and regulatory inquiries as a result of a criminal cyberattack involving unauthorized access to T-Mobile's systems. We intend to allocate substantial additional resources towards cybersecurity initiatives over the next several years. We have made progress to date but plan to continue to make substantial investments to strengthen our cybersecurity program in future periods. We continue to monitor potential impacts from macroeconomic trends, including potential economic recession and changes in the Federal Reserve's monetary policy, which may affect expected credit loss activity as well as certain fair value estimates. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with government commitments, and we are also expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures. Factors beyond our control, including required consultation and negotiation with certain counterparties, could affect the total amount or the timing of these expenses. We are committed to enhancing our operational flexibility and resilience strategies to adapt to environmental disruptions and maintain performance under pressure. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, and customer base of T-Mobile and Sprint. We expect a reduction in capital expenditures related to these efforts following 2022. Future capital expenditure requirements will include the deployment of our recently acquired C-band and 3.45 GHz spectrum licenses. We regularly review and update our projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, and the competitive landscape. We have incurred substantial expenses related to the merger and restructuring, which could exceed historical costs and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.