The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and its effects are impacting and will likely continue to impact market conditions and business operations across industries worldwide, including at TI. Therefore, we remain cautious about how the economy might behave for the next few years and continue to monitor potential impact on our operations. During this time, we will continue to manage our operating plan and expenses with a steady hand as we focus on long-term investments to strengthen our competitive advantages. We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets TI apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation, and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products. While all of these end markets represent good opportunities, we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling our products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best long-term growth opportunities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. We expect to receive the cash benefit associated with the investment tax credit for qualifying capital expenditures in future periods and to apply for other incentives provided by the legislation. We continue to strategically build our inventory, offset by higher net income. Our results of operations provide details of our financial results for 2022 and 2021, and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined based on similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes, and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. We consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment. The calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the interpretation and application of complex tax laws, and significant judgment is necessary to determine whether, based on the technical merits, a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained. Actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates and calculations used to determine valuation allowances due to changes in customer demand, customer negotiations, technology shifts, and other factors. We will remain focused on the belief that long-term growth of free cash flow per share is the ultimate measure to generate value. As we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity planning, our capital expenditures are expected to be higher than historical levels. We will continue to manage our operating plan and expenses with a steady hand as we focus on long-term investments to strengthen our competitive advantages.