Throughout 2022, we continued to adapt to the evolving environment due to COVID and other illnesses. Our safety procedures and policies are refined based on Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidelines. We will continue to utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. We strive to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource availability, including actively hiring additional train, engine, and yard employees. We will continue to make capital investments targeted to improve operational performance, handle more volume, and increase efficiency, requiring fewer locomotives, freight cars, and other critical resources. Our operating practices command center will continue the implementation of predictive technology to reduce variability by seeking to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions. We expect continued operating ratio improvement driven by pricing in excess of inflation, improving our service product, and better leveraging our resources. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity. We analyze a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. These analyses inform our liquidity plans and activities and indicate we have sufficient borrowing capacity to sustain an extended period of lower volumes. We believe it is not an indication of a lack of liquidity. We also maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility and, when necessary, access to the capital markets to meet foreseeable cash requirements. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.6 billion, up 6% from 2022, as we make investments to support our growth strategy. We will continue to harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resilience of the network. The plan includes investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, continuous modernization of our locomotive fleet, and projects intended to improve operational efficiency. We are dedicated to maintaining a healthy workplace and continue monitoring the COVID case levels, modifying our policies as needed to protect employees and minimize the risk of workplace transmission. We will continue to refine our proprietary software to evaluate train and route characteristics to enable proactive intervention by our operating practices command center to prevent derailments. Our reportable personal injury incidents rate per 200,000 employee-hours decreased 18% from 2021. Despite these efforts, our reportable derailment incident rate per million train miles increased 8% year-over-year. We expect to generate strong cash flow from operating activities allowing us to continue our industry-leading dividend payout ratio and commit excess cash to our share repurchase programs. Macroeconomic uncertainties remain in 2023 that could have a material impact on our financial and operating results. Regardless of external factors, we will focus on providing our customers consistent and reliable service; efficiently managing operations; seeking new business opportunities; and protecting our employees, customers, and communities. We will continue to evaluate and adjust deployment of total safety culture, courage to care, commit, and peer-to-peer resources throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety.