We continue to execute our customer first, people led, innovation driven strategy, focusing on the parts of our market that value our integrated global network and building capabilities that matter to our customers. We are shifting our strategic framework to better and bolder by seeking to enhance customer engagement through combining our network with digital capabilities to drive new services, while at the same time increasing efficiencies and remaining disciplined with capital allocation. A number of macroeconomic factors contributed to a challenging operating environment in 2022, including global inflation and rising interest rates, recessionary forecasts, wage and labor market pressures, geopolitical uncertainties and foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. We continued to be affected by COVID-19 lockdowns in China that impacted both manufacturing and supply chains. These factors resulted in disruptions to certain parts of our business, negatively impacted demand for our services and contributed to increases in certain of our operating costs. Despite the challenging macroeconomic environment, our strategic execution strengthened our balance sheet and resulted in the generation of strong cash flows for the year. We retired $2.0 billion of debt, reinvested in the business and returned cash to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases. We also completed the acquisition of delivery solutions, a digital platform that optimizes customer deliveries across multiple networks, and the acquisition of Bomi Group, which will accelerate our growth in healthcare logistics by expanding our footprint and bringing additional expertise in cold chain logistics. In the U.S. domestic package segment, revenue growth resulted from higher fuel revenue, driven by increases in both price per gallon and in fuel surcharge rates as part of our pricing initiatives, as well as improvements in revenue quality and customer mix. In our international package segment, revenue increased slightly, driven by fuel revenue, revenue quality actions and favorable shifts in customer and product mix. These increases were mostly offset by lower volume, the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar and reductions in demand-related surcharges. In supply chain solutions, the decrease in revenue was driven by volume and market rate declines in forwarding, as well as the impact of divesting UPS Freight in 2021. We expect overall average daily volume year-over-year growth rates will continue to decline in the first half of 2023 and then grow through the remainder of the year as economic conditions improve. We anticipate that the cost per piece growth rate will be elevated in the first quarter of 2023 and will then moderate throughout the remainder of the year. We expect our productivity initiatives will continue to help offset rising compensation and benefit costs. We will continue adjusting our network in order to mitigate these impacts. We believe that these positions, expected cash from operations, access to commercial paper programs and capital markets and other available liquidity options will be adequate to fund our material short- and long-term cash requirements, including our business operations, planned capital expenditures and pension contributions. We anticipate making discretionary contributions to our company-sponsored U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plans of approximately $1.2 billion in 2023. We expect inflation and other market factors will continue to impact compensation costs in certain parts of our business in 2023. We monitor the evolving impact of geopolitical events on the global economy and continue to evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund operations.