During the quarter ended March 31, 2022, economic sanctions were imposed on Russia, impacting Visa and its clients, which required the company to suspend operations in Russia and deconsolidate its Russian subsidiary. The continuing effects of the war in Ukraine are difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact on our business. Total net revenues from Russia represented approximately 2% and 4% of our consolidated net revenues for fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total operating expenses increased as we invested in future growth and due to the provision for U.S. covered litigation. Personnel expenses increased primarily due to a higher number of employees and compensation, reflecting our strategy to invest in future growth, including acquisitions. The increase also included expenses incurred as a result of steps taken to support our employees in Russia and Ukraine. Our treasury policies provide management with the guidelines and authority to manage liquidity risk in a manner consistent with our corporate objectives, which include providing adequate liquidity to cover operating expenditures and liquidity contingency scenarios. We believe that our current and projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity needs for more than the next 12 months. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions, and other relevant circumstances. We maintain and regularly review global settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. Our effective income tax rate differs from the prior year primarily due to a decrease in the state tax apportionment ratio and a non-recurring, non-cash tax expense related to the remeasurement of UK deferred tax liabilities. In fiscal 2022, we recorded additional accruals to address claims associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation, which reflects our ongoing commitment to manage legal risks that could impact our operational resilience. We have established policies and control procedures to ensure that estimates and assumptions are appropriately governed and applied consistently from period to period. Our judgments are subjective and based on various factors, including management's understanding of our legal or regulatory profile and the specifics of each proceeding. The accrual related to the U.S. covered litigation could be either higher or lower than the U.S. litigation escrow account balance. We have entered into loss-sharing agreements that reduce our potential liability under certain litigation, which is part of our strategic resilience approach to managing legal and operational risks. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to enhance our operational capabilities and adaptability in a rapidly changing business environment. The overall strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar as payments volume and related revenues denominated in local currencies are converted to U.S. dollars impacts our net revenues. Our investment portfolio is designed to invest cash in securities that enable us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs, and we will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions.