Systems development and programming costs increased in fiscal 2022 due to increased investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our new and existing products, reflecting ongoing enhancements of our technology platforms, solutions and services. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems and must properly manage our systems, applications and solutions—and undertake upgrades, enhancements and expansions—to ensure they properly support our businesses, including through disaster recovery, business continuity and crisis management plans designed to protect our operations against events ranging from natural disasters to power or communication failures. We host our applications and serve our clients with data centers that we operate and with data centers, cloud-computing and other technology services and systems provided by third-party vendors. To safeguard the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data and systems, we have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents, devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes, and invest to modify and enhance our information security and controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities as threats grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication. Hardware, software, applications or services we develop or procure may contain defects that could compromise data or systems, and unauthorized parties also attempt to gain access through phishing and other social engineering techniques. The collection, storage, hosting, transfer, processing, disclosure, use, security, retention and destruction of personal information required to provide our services is subject to complex federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection and cyber security laws, including the GDPR, CCPA and CPRA, and we have implemented binding corporate rules as both a data processor and data controller to permit compliant cross-border transfers. We believe that providing insights from data, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, will become increasingly important to the value our solutions deliver to customers. During the fiscal year, we made significant progress on the roll-out of a new unified user experience across our strategic products and solutions and advanced our next-gen platforms while developing innovations such as self-enrollment with full digital wallet capabilities, earned wage access and new employee listening tools. We further enable these solutions by supplementing them with differentiated investments such as the ADP DataCloud and ADP Marketplace and through our compliance expertise. Failure to upgrade, enhance and expand our technology and services to meet rapidly evolving client needs and preferences could materially diminish demand for our solutions and services.