A failure in our operational systems or human error, malfeasance or other misconduct could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. A failure or disruption in our infrastructure, or in the operational systems or infrastructure of third parties, could likewise impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation and cause losses. Our financial, accounting, data processing or other operational systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as spikes in transaction volume, adversely affecting our ability to process transactions or provide services. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and enhancements and updates to systems, as well as the requisite training, entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. The use of computers, computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and third-party service providers and vendors. Computers and computer networks are subject to various risks, including cyber attacks, inherent technological defects, system failures and human error. Cloud technologies are also critical to the operation of our systems and platforms and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing; service disruptions have resulted, and may result in the future, in delays in accessing, or the loss of, data that is important to our businesses and may hinder our clients’ access to our platforms. Interconnectivity of financial institutions with other companies through, among other things, application programming interfaces or APIs presents similar risks. Notwithstanding the proliferation of technology and technology-based risk and control systems, our businesses ultimately rely on people as our greatest resource, and the process of enhancing our protective measures can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and residual security risks. Although we take protective measures proactively and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber attacks on our vendors and other events that could have a security impact. We routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means, and while we have worked with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities, we may be unable to put in place secure capabilities with all parties or ensure that third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information, which could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm.