Disruptions in global credit and financial markets could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Continuing uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets may lead consumers and businesses to postpone spending, which may cause our customers to cancel, decrease or delay their existing and future orders for our products and make it difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. Significant disruption to global credit and financial markets may also adversely affect our ability to access external financing sources on acceptable terms. Financial difficulties experienced by our customers could result in nonpayment or payment delays for previously purchased products, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure. Uncertainty regarding the future stability of the global credit and financial markets could cause the value of the currency in the affected markets to deteriorate, thus reducing the purchasing power of those customers. In addition, financial difficulties experienced by our suppliers, distributors or customers could result in product delays, increased accounts receivable defaults and inventory challenges. If economic conditions deteriorate, we may record additional charges relating to restructuring costs or the impairment of assets, and our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our future revenue, gross margins, operating results, net income and earnings per share are difficult to predict and may materially fluctuate. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property. We primarily rely on patent, mask work, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary technologies and processes. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or certain of our products could materially and adversely affect our business or reputation. We rely on information technology systems throughout our company to keep financial records and customer data, process orders, manage inventory, coordinate shipments to customers, maintain confidential and proprietary information, assist in semiconductor engineering and other technical activities and operate other critical functions. A prolonged disruption at, or inability to utilize, one or more of our manufacturing facilities, loss of raw materials or damage to our manufacturing equipment for any reason, including due to natural or man-made disasters, civil unrest or other events outside of our control, may disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue and result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand. Our semiconductor products are complex and we may be subject to product warranty and indemnity claims, which could result in significant costs and damage to our reputation and adversely affect customer relationships, the market acceptance of our products and our operating results. We face intense competition in the semiconductor industry, and we expect this competition to increase in the future, including from companies located outside of the United States. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry has resulted in periods when demand for our products has increased or decreased rapidly. The demand for our products is subject to the strength of our four major end markets of industrial, communications, automotive and consumer. Our growth is dependent on our ability to generate new design opportunities and win competitive bid selection processes. Failure to obtain or maintain a particular design win may prevent us from obtaining or maintaining design wins in subsequent generations of a particular product and could also weaken our position in future competitive selection processes. We rely on third-party suppliers, subcontractors and manufacturers for some industry-standard wafers, manufacturing processes, assembly and test services, and transportation, and we generally cannot control their availability or conditions of supply. We are exposed to business, economic, political, legal, regulatory and other risks through our significant worldwide operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.