The company is more exposed to political, economic, military and other risks in countries outside the United States, which may adversely affect its ability to manufacture, assemble and test, design, develop or sell products, and the demand for its products. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. Changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, U.S. trade policies and other factors beyond the company's control may adversely impact its business and operating results. The company is dependent on the acceptance of new product introductions for continued revenue growth, and its long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. The company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business and competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, believing that its global presence is an important competitive advantage. The company’s ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths, and it uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends and reduce indebtedness. The company manages currency exposure risk in a number of ways, including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency. The company has established policies and procedures designed to assist in complying with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations, although there can be no assurance that these policies will be effective in preventing violations. The company is subject to various laws and regulations applicable to parties doing business with the U.S. government, and its business reputation and financial results may be impaired by improper conduct by any of its employees, customers, suppliers, distributors or any other business partners. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments and uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company believes that its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash flow from operations, availability under its credit facilities, and access to capital markets provide adequate liquidity to meet its obligations for the next twelve months. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management.