Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. Slow economic growth, volatile or deteriorating economic conditions, or shifts in broader consumer and business trends could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards, the ability and willingness of card members to borrow and pay amounts owed to us, and demand for fee-based products and services. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the environment generally can be sudden and severe. Our operating results may suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry. We face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our success depends, in part, on our executive officers and other key personnel. Our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. The market for qualified individuals is highly competitive, and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel. We face continued intense competitive pressure that may impact the prices we charge merchants that accept our cards for payment for goods and services. We may not be able to effectively manage individual or institutional credit risk, or credit trends that can affect spending on card products and the ability of customers and partners to pay us, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, asset liability risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, model risk, strategic and business risk, and reputational risk. We define operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or the external environment, including failures to comply with laws and regulations. Operational risk is inherent in all business activities and can impact an organization through direct or indirect financial loss, brand damage, customer dissatisfaction, or legal and regulatory penalties. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee. We use the operational risk framework to identify, measure, monitor, and report inherent and emerging operational risks. Our information security program and operating model are designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. We view protecting our reputation for excellent customer service, trust, security, and high integrity as core to our vision of providing the world's best customer experience and fundamental to our long-term success. We define reputational risk as the risk that negative stakeholder reaction to our products, services, client and partner relationships, business activities and policies, management and workplace culture, or our response to unexpected events, could cause sustained, critical media coverage, a decline in revenue or investment, talent attrition, litigation, or government or regulatory scrutiny. Our business leaders are responsible for considering the reputational risk implications of business activities and strategies and ensuring the relevant subject matter experts are engaged as needed.