We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. A reduction in revenue from any of these products could adversely impact our earnings and cash flows. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. Developing and commercializing new compounds and products include inherent risks and uncertainties, including delays or challenges with producing products on a commercial scale or excessive costs to manufacture them. The inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. We are focusing our efforts and resources in disease areas of high unmet need. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. If we are unable to support and grow our marketed products, successfully execute the launches of newly approved products, advance our late-stage pipeline, manage change from our operating model evolution, and manage our costs effectively, our operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted. We have been successful in focusing commercial, R&D, and manufacturing resources on prioritized brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection, and new biomarkers, delivering leaner administrative functions, and streamlining our manufacturing network. The evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We have entered into several collaboration agreements across our therapeutic areas of focus and expanded others to research and develop opdivo and other approved or investigational oncology agents in combination regimens. We continue to invest in our IO portfolio by pursuing both monotherapy and combination approaches, and advancing our next wave of early assets. Our commercial model has been evolving, and revenues from our prioritized brands continue to grow, which demonstrates strong execution of our strategy. We are committed to investigating opdivo alone and in combination with yervoy and other anti-cancer agents for a wide array of tumor types. We believe our differentiated internal and external focus contributes to the advancing of our pipeline of potentially transformational medicines. We may not realize the anticipated benefits and synergies from our proposed acquisition of Celgene. Difficulties may arise during the process of combining the operations of our companies that could result in the failure to achieve the synergies or free cash flow that we anticipate. The anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully within the expected timeframe or at all, which could materially impact the business, cash flow, financial condition, or results of operations. We have established a company-wide policy to limit our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with the consent. This policy includes the adoption of various procedures to monitor and limit sales to direct customers in accordance with the terms of the consent. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners, and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products, manage certain marketing, selling, human resource, finance, IT, and other business unit and functional services and meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations.