Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our funds, making it more difficult to find opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments and reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings, and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. In the event of a market downturn, each of our businesses could be affected in different ways. Turmoil in the global financial markets can provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices, which can have a material and rapid impact on our mark-to-market valuations. A lack of credit resulting from turmoil in the global financial markets may materially hinder the initiation of new, large-sized transactions for our funds and adversely impact our operating results. Economic growth in many international economies may in the future contribute to tighter credit conditions, a decreased availability of foreign capital, and rising interest rates. A strong U.S. dollar could hurt U.S. exports and growth and have an adverse impact on economic growth in international economies. Uncertainty surrounding potential changes to governmental policy may also have an impact on our exit opportunities through the private markets. Negative financial results in our investment funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to raise new funds as well as our operating results and cash flow. During periods of weakness, our investment funds' portfolio companies may have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due. Furthermore, negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the fund's investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact on the investment fund's performance and consequently to our operating results and cash flow. Our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations, which can result in fines, suspensions of personnel, changes in policies, procedures or disclosure, or other sanctions. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses. Our plan, to the extent that market conditions permit, is to continue to grow our investment businesses and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses. We expect opportunities will arise to acquire other alternative or traditional asset managers. If we are unable to consummate or successfully integrate additional development opportunities, acquisitions, or joint ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully.