The statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. Our business and the industries we serve are highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions, which affect our ability to maintain operational flexibility and adapt to changing market demands. The demand for our products tends to be cyclical and can be significantly reduced in periods of economic weakness characterized by lower levels of government and business investment, which may impact our organizational health and resilience. A prolonged period of economic weakness may also result in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic conditions globally and regionally, and changes in the global mix of regions and countries experiencing economic growth could adversely affect our business. We rely on suppliers to produce or secure material required for the manufacture of our products, and production challenges at suppliers or disruptions in deliveries could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations, which could impact our organizational resilience. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, leading to a disruption in the supply of component products and delay in the delivery of our products. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability, and global events beyond our control, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce, and market quality products that meet our customers' needs, which requires a focus on leading-edge innovation and effective sales, advertising, and marketing programs. We operate in a highly competitive environment, and our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results, and we may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate collective bargaining agreements, which could lead to strikes or work stoppages that adversely affect our operations. Our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products, and our continued success is dependent on our ability to maintain key dealer relationships and produce products that meet quality, performance, and price expectations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity attack could adversely affect our competitiveness and financial condition, highlighting the importance of effective risk management and organizational resilience strategies.