Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and the results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. The ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among various constituencies, including customers, consumers, advertisers, investors, and government authorities. The success of any ongoing or future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. We continue to seek ways to enhance the value of our services, such as by growing high-speed internet services and business services and by launching additional services. The increasing number of entertainment choices available has intensified audience fragmentation, which adversely affects audience ratings and may impact the price and amount of advertising that advertisers are willing to purchase. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments, and our success is largely dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies. Cyber threats and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks, information systems, and other technologies. Network, information systems, and technology-related events could result in degradation or disruption of our products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property, or damage to our reputation. Severe weather events have impacted our services, products, and properties, and the occurrence of these events may result in large expenditures to repair or replace damaged properties. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities, and we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. We expect to continue to invest in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and in line extensions for the expansion of business services. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, and legal challenges to our intellectual property rights could require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms. Our businesses may be adversely affected if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms. The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses. We face risks relating to doing business internationally, including economic volatility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, and political or social unrest. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our businesses. We maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of key management personnel. The ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is crucial for survival and growth.