Our business strategy anticipates prices will remain cyclical and is designed to be resilient in lower price environments, with significant upside during periods of higher prices. We strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth. We focus on financial returns by controlling our costs, exercising capital discipline, and continually optimizing our portfolio. Our ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations. Portfolio optimization, debt reduction, and disciplined capital investment have positioned our company to navigate through periods of volatile energy prices. We have business continuity plans in place; however, there can be no assurance that they will be effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts. Our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight, and our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond appropriately to any major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements, and our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change. Our technologies, systems, and networks may be subject to cyber attacks, and we face various cyber security threats that could damage critical production, distribution, or storage assets. We are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved health, safety, and operational performance. Our sustainability efforts continued with a focus on advancing our action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water, and human rights. We expect to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations, which continue to increase in both number and complexity. Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, and any failure to comply could result in penalties or other enforcement actions. We are regularly evaluated by major rating agencies based on our financial strength and conditions affecting the oil and gas industry generally. Our ability to obtain additional financing or refinance our existing indebtedness will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, and investor sentiment. Our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults under our contracts with, third parties with whom we do business. We may also be required to incur additional costs as we attempt to enforce any rights we have against a defaulting counterparty. The exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly competitive industry, and we compete with private, public, and state-owned companies in all facets of the exploration and production business. Our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is critical for our survival and growth. We must continue to add to our proved reserve base to maintain or grow our production volumes on an ongoing basis, and our proved reserves generally increase as prices rise and decrease as prices decline. Our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity, and we are committed to maintaining operational flexibility in the face of external pressures and uncertainties.