Chevron's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, and terrorist acts, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. While capital investment reviews and decisions incorporate potential ranges of physical risks such as storm severity and frequency, sea level rise, air and water temperature, precipitation, fresh water access, wind speed, and earthquake severity, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency, or severity of such events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. Chevron seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. The company has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes and systems, behaviors, and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight, and the company produces, transports, refines, and markets potentially hazardous materials, which may result in liability or significant delays in operations arising from private litigation or government action. Chevron's business subjects the company to liability risks from litigation or government action, and the company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability in the event of a significant incident or series of incidents causing catastrophic loss. As a result, the company is, to a substantial extent, self-insured for such events and relies on existing liquidity, financial resources, and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from such an event or series of events. Political instability and significant changes in the legal and regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business, and the company's operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. The company assesses carbon pricing risks by considering carbon costs in long-range forecasts, and the ultimate effect of international agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include impairments to property, plant, and equipment; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; accruals for estimated liabilities; and measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans.