For an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. Changes in U.S., global, or regional economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. A decline in economic activity can adversely affect demand for any of our businesses, thus reducing our revenue and earnings. Our businesses create entertainment, travel, and consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create filmed entertainment and television programming that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. In order to respond to these developments, we regularly consider and from time to time implement changes to our business models. The media entertainment and internet businesses increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption and exploitation of new technologies. A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services, or increase the cost of providing our products and services. Demand for our products, particularly our theme parks and resorts, is highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism. The environment for travel and tourism can be significantly adversely affected by a variety of factors beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, catastrophic events, health concerns, international political developments, and terrorist attacks. These events may also damage our ability to provide our products and services or to obtain insurance coverage. An incident that affected our property directly would have a direct impact on our ability to provide goods and services and could have an extended effect of discouraging consumers from attending our facilities. The costs of protecting against such incidents reduce the profitability of our operations. Changes in our business strategy or restructuring of our businesses may increase our costs or otherwise affect the profitability of our businesses. As changes in our business environment occur, we may adjust our business strategies to meet these changes or we may otherwise decide to restructure our operations. Increased competitive pressures may reduce our revenues or increase our costs. We face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers of the products and services we offer. This includes competition for human resources, programming, and other resources we require in operating our business. The pursuit of acquisitions and the preparation for integration may place a significant burden on our management and internal resources. The diversion of management's attention away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could adversely affect our financial results. We maintain information necessary to conduct our business, including confidential and proprietary information, in digital form. Data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of unauthorized access, modification, and exfiltration. We develop and maintain information security systems in an effort to prevent this, but the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change. Accordingly, despite our efforts, unauthorized access, modification, and exfiltration of data cannot be eliminated entirely, and the risks associated with a potentially material incident remain. If our information security systems or data are compromised in a material way, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired, and we may lose profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities may be diminished.