The following is a description of significant factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K and presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Such factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and underwriting criteria. Changes in healthcare practices, demographic characteristics, inflation, new technologies and therapies, and increases in the cost and number of prescription drugs may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage healthcare costs. We face pressure to contain premium rates, and our customers may renegotiate their contracts to seek to contain their costs or may move to a competitor to obtain more favorable premiums. Our inability to contract with providers, or if providers attempt to use their market position to negotiate more favorable contracts, could adversely affect our business. We must identify, assess, and respond to new laws and regulations, as well as comply with existing laws and regulations applicable to our business. Changes in existing laws, rules, and regulatory interpretations could force us to change how we conduct our business, affect the products we offer, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our costs, and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure. We are subject to significant government regulation, and changes in the regulation of our business by federal and state regulators may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. The ongoing changes in federal and state laws and regulations stemming from the ACA continue to represent significant challenges to the U.S. healthcare system. We face competition in many of our markets, and if we fail to adequately adapt to changes in our industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities, our ability to compete and grow may be adversely affected. We operate in a highly competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to significant changes from legislative reform, business consolidations, new strategic alliances, and aggressive marketing practices. Our ability to profitably grow our business in the future depends on our ability to not only grow our profitable medical membership but also to continue to diversify our sources of revenue and earnings. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale and provides us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We have built a significant portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances, and we expect to pursue such opportunities in the future. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees to meet current and future needs, and to integrate and engage employees who have joined us through acquisitions. Our success also depends on our ability to manage key executive transition, succession, and retention. Our ability to repurchase shares or pay dividends in the future will depend upon the receipt of dividends from our subsidiaries. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash, and investments will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.