In addition to the other information contained in this report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business and us: acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial or strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction. These may include acquisitions of businesses, products, solutions, or technologies that we believe to be complementary. Acquisitions expose us to potential risks, including the possible disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management's attention by acquisition, transition, and integration activities. Our potential inability to successfully pursue or realize some or all of the anticipated revenue opportunities associated with an acquisition or investment could impact our operational flexibility. The possibility that we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses or achieve anticipated operating efficiencies or cost savings is a significant concern. The possibility that announced acquisitions may not be completed due to failure to satisfy conditions to closing could lead to further operational challenges. The potential deterioration in our ability to access credit markets due to increased leverage may limit our capacity for resource deployment and adaptation to changing market conditions. We may also need to refinance a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures, which presents risks related to our financial condition and operational continuity. Adverse global economic conditions and credit market uncertainty could adversely impact our business and financial condition, leading to increased churn in our customer base and reduced revenues. Our ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time when we would like or need to do so, which could have an impact on our flexibility to pursue additional expansion opportunities. Our international operations are generally subject to various risks, including political and economic instability, which could affect our organizational health and ability to adapt to external pressures. We face risks associated with unauthorized access to our computer systems, loss or destruction of data, and other malicious activities, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. We are continuing to invest in our expansion efforts but may not have sufficient customer demand in the future to realize expected returns on these investments. Our offerings have a long sales cycle that may harm our revenue and operating results, and any failure of our physical infrastructure could lead to significant costs and disruptions. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our IBX data centers and ensure operational continuity. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions, and service interruptions could result in lost profits or other indirect damages to our customers. We are dependent upon internet service providers and telecommunications carriers, some of which have experienced significant system failures in the past. Our ability to manage our operations and growth will require us to further develop our controls and reporting systems and implement or amend new or existing controls in areas where integration is ongoing. The collective impact of changes to our business has placed significant demands on impacted employees, increasing the risk of errors and control deficiencies. Future events, changing market conditions, and any changes in key assumptions may result in an impairment charge in future periods. We have a substantial amount of property, plant, and equipment recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, and our ability to fully utilize our older IBX data centers may be limited by the increasing demand for power.