We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients, and their customers. Any unauthorized access, intrusion, infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems or data. Operational failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services could harm our business and reputation. An operational failure could involve the hardware, software, data, networks, or systems upon which we rely to deliver our services and could be caused by our actions, the actions of third parties, or events over which we may have limited or no control. Events that could cause operational failures include hardware and software defects or malfunctions, human error, natural disasters, and other events. A significant interruption of service could have a negative impact on our reputation and could cause our current and potential clients to choose another service provider. Our business may be adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions. A prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services. The market for our electronic transaction services continues to evolve and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough to sustain profitability. We expect to continue to derive most of our revenue from products and services we provide to the financial services industry. Given this concentration, we are exposed to the global economic conditions in the financial services industry. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to enhance operational effectiveness and differentiate our products and services through innovation. We expect to devote significant resources to completing the first data merger and, subject to closing, to integrating first data into our operations. The evolving regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has continued to create a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. We anticipate that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. The complexity of regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. We may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technology on systems or with other programs used by our clients. We depend on the experience, skill, and contributions of our senior management and other key employees. If we fail to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance, and sales personnel, our future success could be harmed. The merger involves the combination of two companies that currently operate as independent public companies. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly, and time-consuming, and we will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating our and first data's business practices and operations.