Our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to the principal risks and uncertainties that can affect our performance in both the near-and long-term. Macroeconomic and industry risks may adversely affect the markets and operating conditions of our customers, which in turn can affect demand for our products and services. The operating results of our commercial aviation business unit may be adversely affected by downturns in the global demand for air travel, which impacts new aircraft production or the delay or cancellation of new aircraft orders. Operating results could also be impacted by changes in overall trends related to end market demand for the product portfolio. An increasing percentage of our sales and operations is in non-U.S. jurisdictions and is subject to the economic, political, regulatory, foreign exchange and other risks of international operations. Our international operations represent more than half of the company's sales, and risks related to these operations include exchange control regulations, employment regulations, foreign investment laws, and the ability to hire and maintain qualified staff. Instability and uncertainties arising from the global geopolitical environment can impair our flexibility in modifying product, marketing, pricing or other strategies for growing our businesses, as well as our ability to improve productivity and maintain acceptable operating margins. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate cybersecurity threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, and continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems. A material disruption of our operations, particularly at our manufacturing facilities or within our information technology infrastructure, could adversely affect our business. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems and IT systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to natural disasters, power outages, terrorism, and other reasons, which can result in undesirable consequences, including financial losses and damaged relationships with customers. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets. The failure of our technologies or products to gain market acceptance could significantly reduce our revenues and adversely affect our competitive standing and prospects. Our profitability and margin growth are dependent upon our ability to drive sustainable improvements. We may not realize the full operational or financial benefits we expect from repositioning actions, and these actions may potentially disrupt our operations. Organizational changes, increased attrition, failure to create and implement a succession plan for key company positions, or inability to attract new employees with unique skills could have a material adverse effect on our business. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio to identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment and those that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan. We expect to fund expenditures for environmental matters from operating cash flow, and the timing of cash expenditures depends on several factors, including the timing of litigation and settlements of remediation liability. We monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis, emphasizing safety of principal and maximizing yield of those funds. Our emphasis on operational flexibility and strategic initiatives is critical to maintaining performance under pressure and adapting to complex situations in the business environment.