The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, agile processes, and changes to the way it works, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings, and investments through its globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company has been moving into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize artificial intelligence, blockchain, IoT, quantum, and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If the company is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, it could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and profit margins. The company's reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by events such as significant disputes with clients, product defects, internal control deficiencies, delivery failures, cybersecurity incidents, government investigations, or legal proceedings. If the company's brand image is tarnished by negative perceptions, its ability to attract and retain customers and talent could be impacted. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains, but client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly growing segments. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, and emerging business models, its costs may increase or client demand for its products or services may decline. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property. The company continuously takes significant steps to mitigate cybersecurity risk across a range of functions; however, such measures can never eliminate the risk entirely or provide absolute security. Cyber attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in power, information technology, communication systems, or other critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to company, customer, or other third-party operations or services, financial loss, injury to persons or property, potential liability, and damage to brand and reputation. The company is actively monitoring and planning for Brexit, which has caused global economic, trade, and regulatory uncertainty. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning environmental protection, and it could incur substantial costs if it were to violate or become liable under such laws. The company's results of operations could be affected by economic and political changes in the countries where it operates, as well as macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation, currency fluctuations, and adverse changes in trade relationships. The company's financial performance could be impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions and by customer credit risk on receivables. The company employs a number of strategies to manage risks, including the use of derivative financial instruments, which involve the risk of non-performance by the counterparty. The company's business could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers, and the failure of suppliers to deliver components, supplies, services, and raw materials in sufficient quantities could adversely affect the company's business. The company believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, but legal and compliance risks will continue to exist.