We operate regulated marketplaces for listing, trading, and clearing a broad array of derivatives contracts and securities across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, metals, interest rates, equities, exchange-traded funds, credit derivatives, bonds, and currencies. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; lower interest rates and financial market uncertainty; rising demand for speed, data, data capacity, and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology; increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies; and consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing, and listings. Price volatility increases the need to hedge risk and creates demand among market participants for the exchange of risk through trading and clearing. Market liquidity is one of the primary market attributes for attracting and maintaining customers and is an important indicator of a market's strength. The ability to evolve existing products to serve emerging needs, develop new products, and respond to competitive dynamics in pricing, exclusivity, and consolidation is important to our business. Recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. Our trading and clearing revenues are reported on a net basis and consist of fees collected from our derivatives, fixed income, cash equities, and equity options trading and derivatives clearing. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 39% in 2014 to 56% in 2018. This non-transaction revenue includes data services and listings. Our data services revenues are primarily subscription-based and increased 1% in 2018 from 2017, primarily due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers, and increases in pricing of our products. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments, monitoring them on an ongoing basis, and executing agreements to protect our interests. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member cash and cash equivalent deposits, which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market, and liquidity risks. We are also required to evaluate other finite-lived intangible assets and property and equipment for impairment by first determining whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets to be held and used may not be recoverable. The changes in our margin accounts are not reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also need to incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future. We expect to continue to explore and pursue various potential acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our competitive position and support our growth. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of growth across our trading and clearing and data and listings segments, strategic plans and acquisitions, available sources for financing activities, required and discretionary technology and clearing initiatives, regulatory requirements, and the timing and introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products.