Investing in our securities involves risk, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by difficult market and economic conditions, which can reduce the value or performance of the investments we manage. We attempt to mitigate known risks, but can provide no assurance that our efforts will be successful. Our business is materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, including interest rates, availability of credit, and economic uncertainty. The unprecedented turmoil in the global financial markets during 2008 and 2009 provoked significant volatility of securities prices and had a material adverse effect on our businesses. Difficult market conditions may reduce opportunities for our funds to make, exit, and realize value from their investments. In challenging market conditions, we may experience greater difficulty in realizing value from investments, which could cause us to realize diminished or no carried interest. Companies in which we have invested may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, credit rating downgrades, and difficulty in obtaining access to financing. Negative financial results in our funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. Adverse conditions may increase the risk of default with respect to private equity, credit, and other investments that we manage. Our profitability may also be materially and adversely affected by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in net income. We depend on our founders and other key personnel, the loss of whose services could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success depends on the continued service of these individuals, who are not obligated to remain employed with us. The loss of these personnel could jeopardize our relationships with investors in our funds and members of the business community. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with fund investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain our culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems, and if any of these systems do not operate properly, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, or reputational damage. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from a disaster or disruption. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber-security threats to our information technology infrastructure. Breaches in security could potentially jeopardize our confidential information and cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations, which could result in significant losses or reputational damage. Our ability to grow our business is dependent on our ability to attract new capital and investors, and our ability to successfully deploy capital. Our ability to realize investments may be adversely affected by challenging market conditions, which could impact our ability to exit and realize value from our investments. We may also face operational risks and data security breaches that could disrupt our businesses, result in losses, or limit our growth. Our organizational structure and the complexity of our operations may expose us to additional risks and uncertainties, particularly as we expand into new investment strategies and geographic markets.