The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. The industry environment has moved toward being more characterized by variability across segments and customers accentuated by consolidation within the industry. Variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. The changes in demand may require our management to adjust spending and other resources allocated to operating activities. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce, and in appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure and facilities. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during periods of increasing or declining demand, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. Future declines in the semiconductor industry, and the overall world economic conditions on which it is significantly dependent, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. The economic, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. Additionally, in times of economic uncertainty, our customers' budgets for our products, or their ability to access credit to purchase them, could be adversely affected. This would limit their ability to purchase our products and services. As a result, changing business or economic conditions can cause material adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition. We must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory, and other factors. Furthermore, our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and service our debt. We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing facilities, which are concentrated in a limited number of locations. These locations are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, such as natural or man-made disasters, terrorist activities, disruptions of our information technology resources, utility interruptions, or other events beyond our control. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping our products, which could result in the loss of business or customer trust, adversely affecting our business and operating results. Our future success depends heavily on international sales and the management of global operations, which include developing customers and/or suppliers, global or national economic and political conditions, changes in currency controls, and compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations affecting foreign operations. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success, and this is an ongoing challenge due to intense competition for top talent, fluctuations in industry or business economic conditions, and increasing geographic expansion.