The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. We may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including earnings guidance and other statements contained in filings with the SEC, reports to security holders, press releases, and investor webcasts. Unfavorable litigation outcomes could materially adversely affect the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries. Litigation is subject to uncertainty, and it is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending or future cases. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related or other litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. Altria and its subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior, or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Altria or the business of Altria's tobacco subsidiaries. Altria's subsidiaries could decide or be required to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. Altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems to support a variety of business processes and activities, including managing and improving the effectiveness of operations. We continue to make investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect our information systems and data from cyber threats, including human error and malicious acts. The failure of our systems or service providers' systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets, or other sensitive and confidential data, operational disruptions, legal challenges, and significant remediation costs. Altria's tobacco subsidiaries face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its tobacco subsidiaries. Altria's management believes that the estimated fair values of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are reasonable; however, actual performance in the short term or long term could be significantly different from forecasted performance, which could result in impairment charges in future periods. Altria may be unable to attract and retain the best talent due to the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco control actions. The tobacco industry competes for talent with the consumer products industry and other companies that enjoy greater societal acceptance. Altria's financial services business holds investments in finance leases, and its lessees are subject to significant competition and uncertain economic conditions. If parties to PMCC's leases fail to manage through difficult economic and competitive conditions, PMCC may have to increase its allowance for losses, which would adversely affect our earnings. Altria's subsidiaries have growth strategies involving moves into adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products. These efforts include arrangements with, or investments in, third parties. However, Altria and its subsidiaries may not succeed in their efforts to introduce such new products, which would have an adverse effect on their ability to grow new revenue streams.