The company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business would be adversely affected. The company seeks patents covering each of its products in each of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful patent protection is available. The company is often involved in patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or claims by third parties of infringement against the company. Patent litigation and other challenges to the company's patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive the company of market exclusivity for a patented product or, in some cases, third-party patents may prevent the company from marketing and selling a product in a particular geographic area. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products, and the company may not be able to acquire commercially successful products in other ways; in consequence, the company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that have lost patent protection. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes; the use of which can create new risks. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance and modernize its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future, and also is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks. The objective of these efforts is not only to protect against future cyber-attacks but also to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations to the greatest extent possible during any recovery period. The company is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations. The costs of compliance with such laws and regulations, or the negative results of non-compliance, could adversely affect the business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position, and prospects of the company. The company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. The company operates in multiple jurisdictions and virtually all sales are denominated in currencies of the local jurisdiction. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The company continues to evaluate certain late-stage clinical development and platform technology assets to determine their out-licensing or sale potential. The company has established investment guidelines for its pension and other postretirement plans to create an asset allocation that is expected to deliver a rate of return sufficient to meet the long-term obligation of each plan, given an acceptable level of risk. The company believes that the health care industry will continue to be subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action, as future proposals to reform the health care system are considered by the executive branch, congress, and state legislatures.