Risk factors for determining the allowance for wholesale real estate loans are the underlying collateral type, loan-to-value ratio, and debt service ratio. Credit quality evaluations involve the assessment of leverage, liquidity, capital strength, asset composition and quality, market capitalization, access to capital markets, cash flow projections, and debt service requirements, which could affect an obligor's risk profile. The firm utilizes credit quality indicators consistent with U.S. banking agencies' definitions of criticized exposures in its credit monitoring process for loans held for investment. The firm evaluates strategy, market position, industry dynamics, and obligor's management as factors that could affect an obligor's risk profile. The firm establishes an allowance for loan amounts it does not consider recoverable, and the related provision is recorded in compensation and benefits expense. The firm has established procedures designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that its policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge. The firm has been named as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, arising in connection with its activities as a global diversified financial services institution. The firm contests liability and/or the amount of damages as appropriate in each pending matter. The firm believes that the outcome of such proceedings and investigations will not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, although the outcome could be material to its operating results and cash flows for a particular period. The firm has established a liability for unrecognized tax benefits that it believes is adequate in relation to the potential for additional assessments. The firm has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, and the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law. The firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces the potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid assets. The firm considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties, as defined by its fundability criteria. The firm utilizes shorter-term secured financing for highly liquid assets and has established longer tenor limits for less liquid assets. The firm has entered into liquidity facilities with various counterparties, whereby it is required to make certain payments if losses or defaults occur. The firm has provided standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees to counterparties, which represent obligations to make payments to third parties if the counterparty fails to fulfill its obligation under a borrowing arrangement or other contractual obligation. The firm may be required to return all or a portion of distributions to limited partners in the event the limited partners do not achieve a certain return as specified in the various partnership agreements. The firm has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that its policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally.