If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV series and movies. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers, and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license, and/or distribute through our service. We believe that original programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand, and otherwise attract and retain members. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing memberships and attracting new memberships, our business will be adversely affected. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. Our ability to make payments on our debt and other obligations will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, and other factors beyond our control. Our ability to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and other obligations could be adversely affected if we do not grow as expected. We are subject to economic, political, regulatory, and other risks arising from our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business. We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict, or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. We also face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft of intellectual property. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems, but techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access. Our insurance does not cover expenses related to such disruptions or unauthorized access. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of memberships and adversely affect our business and results of operation.