We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. We might experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings. Errors in our cloud, license, or hardware offerings could affect their ability to properly function or operate with other offerings, delay the development or release of new products or services, create security vulnerabilities, and adversely affect market acceptance. We encounter attempts by third parties to identify and exploit product and service vulnerabilities, which could lead to the compromise of personal information or the confidential information of Oracle or our customers. Our business practices with respect to data could give rise to operational interruption, liabilities, or reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation, legal requirements, or industry standards relating to consumer privacy and data protection. We monitor our operations and investigate allegations of improprieties relating to transactions and the way in which such transactions are recorded. We are also subject to a variety of other risks and challenges in managing an organization operating globally, including general economic conditions in each country or region, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and difficulties in transferring funds from or converting currencies in certain countries. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties. We have a selective and active acquisition program, and we expect to continue to make acquisitions in the future because acquisitions are an important element of our overall corporate strategy. However, risks associated with our acquisition program include the potential disruption of our ongoing business and management's attention being diverted by acquisition, transition, or integration activities. We may face difficulties in managing an acquired company's technologies or lines of business, entering new markets where we have limited experience, or retaining key personnel from acquired companies. Our organizational practices and strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our resilience in the face of these challenges. We strive to maintain operational flexibility and adaptability to respond to external pressures and environmental perturbations. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite adversity is critical to our organizational health and long-term success. We continue to invest significantly in research and development to maintain our competitive position, which is essential for fostering innovation and ensuring our operational continuity.