You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-K, including the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences or any inability on our part to innovate, market or distribute our products effectively, and any significant reduction in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are a global food and beverage company operating in highly competitive categories and markets. To generate revenues and profits, we rely on continued demand for our products and therefore must understand our customers and consumers and sell products that appeal to them in the sales channel in which they prefer to shop or browse for such products. In general, changes in consumption in our product categories or consumer demographics could result in reduced demand for our products. Demand for our products depends in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with health and wellness; convenience; or the location of origin or source of ingredients and products. Consumer preferences have been evolving, and are expected to continue to evolve, due to a variety of factors, including changes in consumer demographics, including the aging of the general population and the emergence of the millennial and younger generations who have differing spending, consumption and purchasing habits. Any inability on our part to anticipate or react to such changes could result in reduced demand for our products or erode our competitive and financial position and could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. We continue to implement productivity initiatives that we believe will position our business for long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure and operate more efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food and snack categories and markets. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations. Our ability, and that of our suppliers and other third parties, to make, manufacture, transport, distribute and sell products in our portfolio is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our or their operations due to adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, government action, economic or political uncertainties or instability, fire, terrorism, outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, food safety warnings or recalls, health epidemics or pandemics, supply and commodity shortages, unplanned delays or unexpected problems associated with repairs or enhancements of facilities, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, cyber incidents, industrial accidents or other occupational health and safety issues, telecommunications failures, power or water shortages, strikes, labor disputes or lack of availability of qualified personnel could impair the ability to make, manufacture, transport, distribute or sell products in our portfolio. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, as well as require additional resources to restore operations. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer if we are unable to compete effectively. Our beverage, food and snack products are in highly competitive categories and markets and compete against products of international beverage, food and snack companies that, like us, operate in multiple geographies, as well as regional, local and private label manufacturers and economy brands and other competitors.