The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as "will," "may," "could," "likely," "ongoing," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "assume," "target," "forecast," "guidance," "goal," "objective," "aim," and "seek." The anticipated progress in remediation efforts at certain of our manufacturing facilities and the expectations related to our supply issues set forth in the overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy, and outlook, as well as our expectations regarding growth, are critical to our organizational health. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, as achievement of anticipated results is subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, and inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected. Our growth potential depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in research and development for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. We continue to strengthen our global research and development organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in research and development to achieve a sustainable pipeline that is positioned to deliver value in the near term and over time. The success of any of our strategic acquisitions will depend, in large part, on our ability to realize anticipated benefits from combining these businesses with Pfizer. Integration of these businesses may result in the loss of key employees, disruption of ongoing business, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies. We also may fail to generate the revenue growth for the acquired business that we expected at the time of entering into the transaction. Our strategies in emerging markets may not be successful, and these countries may not continue to sustain growth rates. We are developing biosimilar medicines, and risks related to our development of biosimilars include the potential for steeper than anticipated price erosion due to increased competitive intensity, coupled with high costs associated with clinical development or intellectual property challenges that may preclude timely commercialization of our potential biosimilar products. Our international operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, economic conditions, and other restrictive government actions. We monitor our liquidity position continuously in the face of evolving economic conditions, but there can be no guarantee that changes in global financial markets and economic conditions will not affect our liquidity or capital resources or impact our ability to obtain financing in the future. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses, and any such interruption or breach could adversely affect our business operations and result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm. We undertake significant efforts to counteract the threats associated with counterfeit medicines, including working with regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies to combat counterfeiting. Our ability to enforce our patents also depends on the laws of individual countries and the extent to which certain sovereigns may seek to engage in policies or practices that may weaken its intellectual property framework.