Our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition, including social, political, and economic risks of doing business in many countries. We conduct a significant portion of our business outside the U.S., and circumstances related to international operations could negatively affect us. Disruptions in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, impacting the value of our properties and our ability to make principal and interest payments. Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks, despite the existence of a disaster recovery plan. We depend on the deep industry knowledge and efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, and the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business. Our performance could be impacted by deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. We hold significant real estate investments in international markets, and depreciation in the value of foreign currency may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. We attempt to mitigate our risk by borrowing in the currencies in which we have significant investments, providing a natural hedge against currency fluctuations. Our properties are subject to various federal, state, and local regulatory requirements, and noncompliance could result in governmental fines or damages. Real estate investments are not as liquid as other types of assets, which may reduce economic returns to investors and limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic conditions. Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. We may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity, which could adversely affect our business and distributable cash flow. Our investments are concentrated in the logistics sector, exposing us to economic downturns in that sector. We are exposed to general economic conditions and other events that affect the markets in which we own properties. Our operating performance is impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets where we have concentrations of properties. We carry earthquake and flood hazard insurance on our properties located in areas subject to such risks, but we evaluate our insurance coverage annually. We are exposed to potential impacts of future climate change, which may result in unanticipated losses affecting our ability to lease, develop, or sell properties. We believe our properties are adequately insured, but certain losses may not be fully insured. We are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments. Our ability to access debt and equity capital on favorable terms depends on various factors, including market conditions and our current and potential future earnings. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities and other sources is considered adequate to meet anticipated future development and operating requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from fees earned for services performed on behalf of co-investment ventures, proceeds from property dispositions, and borrowing capacity under credit facilities. We may also generate proceeds from the issuance of equity securities, subject to market conditions. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in co-investment ventures, and we may develop and acquire properties through these ventures. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to form new co-investment ventures or that additional investments will be successful.