The company is leading a transformation in the tobacco industry to create a smoke-free future and ultimately replace cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company, and its shareholders. We are building a future on a new category of smoke-free products that, while not risk-free, are a much better choice than continuing to smoke. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities, and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our financial results could be significantly affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands, particularly requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products or impede adult consumers' ability to convert to our reduced-risk products (RRPs), as well as any significant increase in the cost of complying with new regulatory requirements. Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors' introduction of lower-price products or innovative products, and product regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco products. We may be unable to anticipate changes in adult consumer preferences, which may be influenced by local economic conditions. To be successful, we must promote brand equity successfully, develop new products and markets, and ensure adequate production capacity to meet demand for our products. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract and retain the best global talent. The failure of our information systems to function as intended or their penetration by outside parties could result in business disruption, litigation, and regulatory action, and loss of revenue, assets, or personal or other confidential data. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place, and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in a loss of revenue, and cause damage to our reputation. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract and retain the best global talent. Our operations may be influenced by economic, regulatory, and political developments, natural disasters, pandemics, or conflicts. Such developments could disrupt our supply chain, manufacturing capabilities, or distribution capabilities, which could reduce our volumes, revenues, and net earnings. We may be unable to renew agreements with third-party manufacturers or service providers, which could increase our costs significantly if we must replace such third parties with our own resources. Our strategic priorities include developing and commercializing products that present less risk of harm to adult smokers who switch to those products versus continued smoking and effectively advocating for the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the commercialization of RRPs.