The risks described below and in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. A weakening or reversal of the general economic recovery in the United States and other countries may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, and funding for working capital needs. Global economic uncertainty continues to exist, and adverse changes in such conditions may reduce the demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. We finance a portion of our sales through trade credit, and a continuation or worsening of tight credit markets could limit our ability to collect accounts receivable. The ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, including general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors. Our historical financial results have been subject to fluctuations, and we cannot guarantee our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations. We require a significant amount of cash to service our substantial debt, and our ability to make payments on our debt will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations. The success of future acquisitions depends on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise. Risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, and compliance risks will continue to exist. Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations and compromise our information. The domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security is increasingly rigorous and complex, and compliance with these requirements could result in additional costs and changes to our business practices. We are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently and formerly owned sites, and our liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products and could have a negative effect on our sales, earnings, or cash flow. Our operations are subject to various health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations, which may impose increasingly stringent requirements upon our industry. The nature, cost, quantity, and outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and financial condition. We expect additional litigation may be filed against us in the future, and management cannot reasonably determine the scope or amount of the potential costs and liabilities related to such litigation. Our past operations included the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints, and we are subject to various claims and lawsuits that are inherently subject to many uncertainties. The uncertainties involved may result in a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued.