The southern company system's operations are subject to extensive regulation by state and federal environmental agencies through a variety of laws and regulations governing air, water, land, and protection of other natural resources. The southern company system maintains comprehensive environmental compliance and greenhouse gas strategies to assess upcoming requirements and compliance costs associated with these environmental laws and regulations. The costs required to comply with environmental laws and regulations and to achieve stated goals may impact future electric generating unit retirement and replacement decisions, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Related costs may result from the installation of additional environmental controls, closure and monitoring of coal combustion residuals facilities, unit retirements, or changing fuel sources for certain existing units, as well as related upgrades to the southern company system's transmission and distribution systems. The ultimate impact of environmental laws and regulations and greenhouse gas goals will depend on various factors, such as state adoption and implementation of requirements, the availability and cost of any deployed technology, fuel prices, and the outcome of pending and/or future legal challenges. New or revised environmental laws and regulations could affect many areas of the southern company system's operations. Environmental compliance costs could affect earnings if such costs cannot continue to be recovered in rates on a timely basis. The southern company system's commitment to the environment has been demonstrated through various initiatives, including significant investments in environmental capital retrofit projects to comply with environmental requirements. The traditional electric operating companies expect to periodically update their asset retirement obligation cost estimates. The construction program of the southern company system is currently estimated to total approximately $8.0 billion for 2019, with significant expenditures related to environmental compliance and infrastructure improvements. The ability to control costs and avoid cost and schedule overruns during the development, construction, and operation of new facilities is subject to numerous factors, including changes in labor costs, availability, and productivity; challenges with management of contractors, subcontractors, or vendors; adverse weather conditions; and project scope and design changes. The southern company system's financial performance may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform necessary corporate functions. The financial performance of the southern company system depends on the successful operation of electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, as well as natural gas distribution and storage facilities. There are many risks that could affect these operations, including operator error, equipment failure, regulatory requirements, and catastrophic events. The southern company system's ability to achieve its goals is also dependent on many external factors, including supportive national energy policies and the development and deployment of relevant energy technologies. The southern company system has established an intermediate goal of a 50% reduction in carbon emissions from 2007 levels by 2030 and a long-term goal of low- to no-carbon operations by 2050. The ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be determined at this time, but they could have a significant impact on the southern company's financial statements.
The southern company system's ability to achieve its goals will be dependent on many external factors, including supportive national energy policies, low natural gas prices, and the development, deployment, and advancement of relevant energy technologies. Southern company gas maintains a comprehensive environmental compliance strategy to assess upcoming requirements and compliance costs associated with environmental laws and regulations. These costs, including capital expenditures and operations and maintenance costs, required to comply with environmental laws and regulations may impact results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Southern company gas has various regulatory mechanisms that address cost recovery, which include the recovery of all prudently incurred costs, including a return on rate base sufficient to pay interest on debt and provide a reasonable return on investment. The ability to maintain safety, operate in a constructive regulatory environment, and effectively manage and secure timely recovery of costs will continue to challenge southern company gas. The ultimate impact of environmental laws and regulations will depend on various factors, such as state adoption and implementation of requirements, the availability and cost of any deployed technology, fuel prices, and the outcome of pending and/or future legal challenges. Southern company gas has various mechanisms, such as weather normalization mechanisms and weather derivative instruments, that limit exposure to weather changes within typical ranges in its natural gas distribution utilities' service territories. The natural gas distribution utilities are subject to rate regulation by their respective state regulatory agencies, which set the rates utilities are permitted to charge customers based on allowable costs. Southern company gas has a concentration of credit risk as measured by its 30-day receivable exposure plus forward exposure. Southern company gas has established credit policies to determine and monitor the creditworthiness of counterparties, as well as the quality of pledged collateral. Southern company gas utilizes market data or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the derivative asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and the risks inherent in the inputs of the valuation technique. The ultimate outcome of various matters, including regulatory approvals and the impact of tax reform legislation, cannot be determined at this time. Southern company gas plans to obtain the funds required for acquisitions, construction, development, debt maturities, and other purposes from operating cash flows, external securities issuances, borrowings from financial institutions, tax equity partnership contributions, divestitures, and equity contributions from southern company. The ability to control costs and avoid cost and schedule overruns during the development, construction, and operation of new facilities is subject to a number of factors, including changes in labor costs, availability, and productivity. Southern company gas' financial condition remained stable at December 31, 2018, and its cash requirements primarily consist of funding ongoing operations, common stock dividends, capital expenditures, and debt maturities. The ultimate impact of the environmental laws and regulations discussed herein will depend on various factors, such as state adoption and implementation of requirements and the outcome of pending and/or future legal challenges.