We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch, production, delivery and servicing ramp of new vehicles and other products, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. If issues like these arise or recur, if our remediation measures and process changes do not continue to be successful, or if we experience issues with transitioning to full automation in certain production lines, we could experience issues in sustaining production or delays in increasing production further. Our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to manufacture, market and sell our vehicles, particularly the model 3, which we are producing at significantly higher volumes than our previous models. We expect to continue to increase our production rate and have set ambitious targets for our gigafactory operations, although the timeframe for commencing production is subject to uncertainties, including regulatory approval and supply chain constraints. We have limited experience in manufacturing vehicles at the high volumes we anticipate, and to be successful, we will need to complete the implementation and ramp of efficient and cost-effective manufacturing capabilities. We are employing a higher degree of automation in our manufacturing processes, and while we have made progress, additional bottlenecks may arise as we ramp production. Our ability to achieve our plans will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to utilize installed manufacturing capacity to achieve the planned production yield, further install and increase capacity in accordance with our planned timelines and costs, maintain desired quality levels, and optimize design and production changes. We are also expanding our servicing capabilities for our rapidly growing customer vehicle fleet, including growing our service locations and mobile service fleet, moving to two-shift operations at service centers where needed, and optimizing our parts distribution network. We are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems and use security measures designed to protect our systems against breaches and cyber-attacks. If these efforts are not successful, our business and operations could be disrupted, impacting our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies, or manufacture, sell, deliver and service vehicles. Our corporate headquarters, the Tesla factory, and gigafactory 1 are located in seismically active regions, and if major disasters occur, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. We face risks associated with our global operations and expansion, including unfavorable regulatory, political, economic, tax, and labor conditions, and with establishing ourselves in new markets, all of which could harm our business. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage our expansion and growth successfully. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, it could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. We are subject to various environmental and safety laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and negatively impact our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities. Our future growth and success are dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles, especially in the mass market demographic we are targeting with model 3.