You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in materials incorporated by reference into these filings. These risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to TI, a company with broad international operations. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic, or other conditions. We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications, and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely manner is critical, as rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to adapt quickly. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules, and regulations to which our business is subject, and compliance with these laws may restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. We undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures, and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our business model is designed around the following four sustainable competitive advantages that we believe, in combination, put us in a unique class of companies: a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology, a broad portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing semiconductors, the broadest reach of market channels, and diversity and longevity of our products, markets, and customer positions. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. We invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio, which includes tens of thousands of products. Our strategic initiatives are aimed at maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to changes in customer demand. We have facilities in more than 30 countries, and about 85 percent of our revenue comes from shipments to locations outside the United States. Our operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate, and a natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations may adversely affect our results and financial condition. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in expected demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.