The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. Our businesses participate in the United States, South America, and certain other international health markets. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macro-economic conditions and regulatory changes, which have impacted and could further impact our results of operations. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. We endeavor to mitigate increases in medical costs by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care. Our businesses compete throughout the United States, South America, and other foreign markets and face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity that has occurred in the industries in which we operate, both among our competitors and suppliers. Consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase profitability. We have programs in place that are intended to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents and that provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches. Our relationships with these government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts that we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. The laws and rules governing our businesses and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change. Our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could materially and adversely affect our business. We manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and care management programs. If we fail to estimate, price for, and manage our medical costs in an effective manner, the profitability of our risk-based products and services could decline and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our ability to price adequately our products and services, to provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and to report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud, and incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences.