Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to increase revenues from sales of our cystic fibrosis medicines. We are investing significant resources in the development of our next-generation CFTR corrector compounds, and if we are unable to show the safety and efficacy of these regimens, our business would be materially harmed. Our concentrated source of revenues presents a number of risks, including that one or more competing therapies may successfully be developed as a treatment for patients with cystic fibrosis. We have experienced challenges commercializing products outside of the United States, and our future revenues will be dependent on our ability to obtain adequate reimbursement for our products. Given recent global economic pressures and geopolitical uncertainty, government authorities throughout the world are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of drug products. Adverse pricing limitations or a delay in obtaining coverage and reimbursement would decrease our future net product revenues and harm our business. Our success in rapidly developing and commercializing our CF products may increase the resources that our competitors allocate to the development of these potential treatments for cystic fibrosis. The risk of competition is particularly important to our company because substantially all of our revenues as well as our most advanced drug candidates are related to the treatment of patients with cystic fibrosis. Our business depends upon the successful development and commercialization of drug candidates. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems and the promotion of a culture of compliance. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer and expand these compliance programs globally. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not be able to acquire, in-license or otherwise obtain rights to additional drugs, drug candidates or other technologies on acceptable terms or at all. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical to our success, and if we fail to do so, our business could be materially harmed. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. The duration and cost of discovery, nonclinical studies, and clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project and are difficult to predict. We maintain a substantial investment in research activities, and our research expenses have been affected by research expenses associated with our business development activities. We have adopted a business continuity plan to address most crises, but if we are unable to fully implement our business continuity plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data and/or an inability to perform vital corporate functions, which could result in a significant disruption in our research, development, manufacturing and/or commercial activities. Our products are subject to continuing regulatory oversight, including the review of additional safety information. If we or our collaborators fail to comply with applicable continuing regulatory requirements, we or our collaborators may be subject to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals for specific products, product recalls and seizures, operating restrictions and/or criminal prosecutions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations.