The following discussion of "risk factors" identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition or future performance. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business, potentially causing equipment failures, loss of information, and disruptions to our operations. The preventive actions we take to reduce the risks associated with cyber attacks may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a major cyber attack in the future. The inability to operate or use our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors, and other service providers as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and a loss of market share to other communications providers. Natural disasters, terrorist acts, or acts of war could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations. Such events could cause significant damage to our infrastructure upon which our business operations rely, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. A natural disaster or other event causing significant physical damage could cause us to experience substantial losses resulting in significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment that we need to operate our business. If these suppliers or vendors fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis or fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be unable to provide products and services as and when requested by our customers. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, the quality of our customer service, and our development of new and enhanced products and services. If we are unable to adapt to changes and disruptions in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. Adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies could impact our results of operations. Unfavorable economic conditions could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for some of our products and services. In difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Changes in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. We are frequently required to maintain licenses for our operations and conduct our operations in accordance with prescribed standards. The loss of, or a material limitation on, certain of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We are subject to a substantial amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements. Verizon has significant debt, which could increase further if Verizon incurs additional debt in the future and does not retire existing debt. Adverse changes in the credit markets could increase our borrowing costs and the availability of financing. If we are unable to limit future increases in the costs of our benefit plans, those costs could reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments.