We faced a challenging business environment in 2015, with the impact of global macro-economic conditions contributing to a decrease in demand for our products. Despite the challenging business environment, we made important changes to our business. During 2015, we continued to focus on introducing a more diverse product portfolio as part of our long-term strategy to deliver great products. We also took steps to simplify our business and better align resources around our priorities and business outlook. The 2015 restructuring plan provides for a workforce reduction of approximately 5% and includes organizational actions such as outsourcing certain IT services and application development. We realized operational savings, primarily in operating expenses, of approximately $8 million in 2015, and we expect the 2015 restructuring plan to result in operational savings of approximately $48 million in 2016. The decline in operating performance in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to a decrease in net revenue and gross margin. We experienced reduced demand from our original equipment manufacturers customers in advance of the launch of Microsoft Windows 10. The decrease in net revenue from 2014 was due to a 42% decrease in computing and graphics segment revenue and an 8% decrease in enterprise, embedded, and semi-custom segment revenue. The restructuring plan was designed to improve operating efficiencies and involved a reduction of global headcount by approximately 6%. We recorded a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter of 2014, which consisted of severance and costs related to the continuation of certain employee benefits. We expect actions associated with the 2015 restructuring plan to be substantially completed by the end of the third quarter of 2016. Our organizational structure was realigned to better respond to the challenges faced in the market, resulting in two reportable segments: computing and graphics, and enterprise, embedded, and semi-custom. The decline in operating results was primarily due to the decrease in net revenue, partially offset by a decrease in cost of sales and operating expenses. We also recorded a charge of $76 million related to our decision to exit from the dense server systems business, which included an impairment charge related to acquired intangible assets. The 2015 restructuring plan was part of our ongoing efforts to simplify our business and better align resources around our priorities and business outlook. We believe our cash and cash equivalents balance, along with the savings from our restructuring plans and our secured revolving line of credit, will be sufficient to fund operations over the next 12 months. Uncertain global economic conditions have in the past adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our business. If market conditions deteriorate, we may be limited in our ability to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs on favorable terms or at all, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. We are currently in the process of negotiating a sixth amendment to the wafer supply agreement, and we expect that our future purchases from GlobalFoundries will continue to be material. The transaction will result in the joint ventures providing assembly, testing, marking, packing, and packaging services to us.