We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our eos software and enhancements to eos. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. This enables us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We expect our business and results of operations will depend on our ability to sell additional products to our growing base of customers. Our ability to sustain our revenue growth will depend, in part, upon our continued sales of more complex and higher-performance configurations of our products. We plan to continue to invest in our network of channel partners to enable them to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers and provide services and support effectively. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our eos software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. Our sales strategies target specific projects at our current end customers because they are familiar with the operational and economic benefits of our cloud networking solutions. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing end customers. We believe that the cloud networking market is still in the early stages of adoption and we intend to continue investing for long-term growth. Our results of operations will depend on our ability to continue to add new customers. We believe customer references have been, and will continue to be, an important factor in winning new business. We are also currently engaged in lawsuits with Cisco, our largest competitor whereby they claim that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We intend to vigorously defend against these lawsuits; however, we cannot be certain that any claims by Cisco would be resolved in our favor. We expect continued variability in our customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis. Our ability to expand our installed base and increase our revenue is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities. We use significant judgment in establishing our forecasts of future demand and obsolete material exposures. Our accrued warranty liability is recorded in accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents together with cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for the foreseeable future. If we require or elect to seek additional capital through debt or equity financing in the future, we may not be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are required and unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected.