Blackstone's businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S., Europe, Asia, and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world. The operating environment for equity and credit investing was characterized by concerns related to macroeconomic developments, including the economic outlook in China and the United States, as well as significantly lower global equity prices, widening high-yield credit spreads, and declining energy prices. The decline in equity markets and turbulence in the credit markets adversely impacted performance fees and investment income. If macroeconomic conditions were to deteriorate in the future with a resulting decline in fund investments, revenues would likely be negatively impacted. The private equity segment's revenues were significantly driven by a decline in unrealized performance fees, primarily due to negative swings in the marks of publicly-traded private equity portfolio companies as a result of macroeconomic concerns and declining public equity markets. The reduction in unrealized performance fees was primarily due to negative swings in the marks of publicly-traded private equity portfolio companies as a result of macroeconomic concerns and declining public equity markets. Performance fees in the real estate segment decreased due to a year-over-year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in the Blackstone Real Estate Partners carry funds. The increase in carrying value of assets for Blackstone's contributed real estate opportunistic funds was driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio resulting in appreciation, offset by public portfolio depreciation. The credit segment experienced significant illiquidity, particularly for below investment grade credit, and performance in all three alternative credit strategies was negatively impacted by the performance of energy investments. The partnership's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. The partnership uses distributable earnings as a supplemental measure to assess performance and amounts available for distributions. The partnership has multiple sources of liquidity to meet its capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in the businesses, investments in its own treasury and liquid funds, and access to its debt capacity. The partnership's commitments to its funds are taken into consideration when managing its overall liquidity and cash position. The nature of any restructuring would depend on the precise provisions of the legislation that was ultimately enacted, as well as the particular facts and circumstances of Blackstone's operations at the time any such legislation were to take effect. The partnership utilizes various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of its various alternative asset management businesses in order to monitor the effectiveness of its value-creating strategies. The partnership's ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical for maintaining its operational continuity and achieving its major objectives. The partnership's organizational structure and practices are designed to enhance its resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental perturbations.