Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. To remain competitive and continue to grow, we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We expect to continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We have historically generated significant cash from operations and we expect to continue to do so during fiscal 2016. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to opportunities, including acquiring technology or businesses or establishing strategic relationships. We assess the need for an adjustment to the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis, based on our estimates of future sources of taxable income for the jurisdictions in which we operate. The assessment is based on our estimates of future sources of taxable income for the jurisdictions in which we operate and the periods over which our deferred tax assets will be realizable. We monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing the credit facility. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months. We have included their results of operations in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. We have recorded goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that could materially decrease our future net income and result in lower asset values on our balance sheet. We expect connected services revenue as a percentage of our total revenue to continue to grow in the future. The markets for software and related services are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2015 as well as our future prospects. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. We have experienced negative publicity associated with industry-wide issues, but we do not believe our recent financial performance has been materially adversely impacted by this fraudulent activity or by the actions we have taken to combat it. The concept of resilience draws attention to systems as well as individuals, to partial maintenance of integrity and performance, to the opposite of brittleness, and to disturbances that vary both in scale and source. Resilience is a multifaceted concept that reflects businesses’ ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change to survive, grow, and flourish.