We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers. Our strategic actions include the acquisition of Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation, which has become a wholly-owned subsidiary aligned under our Mission Systems and Training business segment. We expect to continue to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers through independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments. We have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas while seeking to lessen our dependence on contracts with the U.S. government by focusing on expanding into adjacent markets close to our core capabilities. The U.S. government continues to face significant fiscal and economic challenges, which may require us to revise our assumptions regarding future funding and could materially change our current estimates of net sales and operating profit margin. We anticipate there will continue to be significant debate within the U.S. government over defense spending throughout the budget appropriations process, which could have long-term consequences for our industry and company. We have also experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses, including lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts. Additionally, our services businesses have experienced lower volume due to improved product field performance that requires less service support. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. Our strong operating cash flows enable us to invest in our business while returning cash to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. We have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service, and repayments. We expect to continue to issue commercial paper backed by our revolving credit facility to manage the timing of our cash flows. Our acquisition of Sikorsky included certain environmental remediation liabilities, and we continually evaluate the recoverability of our environmental receivables by assessing various factors, including U.S. government regulations, our U.S. government business base, and contract mix. The ability to recover investments that we make is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control. We believe our current and former venture partners will be able to perform their obligations, as they have done through December 31, 2015.