Mastercard continues to monitor political and economic conditions around the world to identify opportunities for the continued growth of our business and to evaluate the evolution of the global payments industry. The competitive and evolving nature of the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. Adverse economic trends, including distress in financial markets, turmoil in specific economies around the world, and additional government intervention, have impacted the environment in which we operate. Political instability or a decline in economic conditions in the countries in which the company operates may accelerate the timing of or increase the impact of risks to our financial performance. Our revenue or results of operations may be negatively impacted by actions taken by individual financial institutions or by governmental or regulatory bodies. The significant concentration of our revenue generated in the United States makes our business particularly susceptible to adverse economic conditions in the United States. The company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, its cash flow generating capabilities, its borrowing capacity, and its access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy its future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations and potential obligations. The company attempts to manage these foreign currency exposures through its foreign exchange risk management activities. Mastercard's financial results may be negatively impacted by actions taken by individual financial institutions or by governmental or regulatory bodies. The company generates the cash required to meet these needs through operations. The risk of loss on guarantees is specific to individual customers but may also be driven significantly by regional or global economic conditions, including the health of financial institutions in a country or region. Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. The company regularly reviews the status of each significant matter and assesses its potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, the company accrues a liability for the estimated loss. The company has recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits and believes that the resolution of certain federal, foreign, and state and local examinations is reasonably possible and that a change in estimate, reducing unrecognized tax benefits, may occur. The company’s significant accounting policies, including recent accounting pronouncements, are described in the consolidated financial statements. The company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, its cash flow generating capabilities, its borrowing capacity, and its access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy its future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations and potential obligations. The company has no off-balance sheet debt, other than lease arrangements and other commitments. The company’s business model involves four participants in addition to us: cardholders, merchants, issuers, and acquirers. The company’s revenue is based upon transactional information accumulated by its systems or reported by its customers. The company’s operational continuity is supported by its strategic initiatives and the management of its operational resources. The company’s ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical to its resilience.