As we expanded internationally, we obtained additional rights for the new geographies. We have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin demonstrates our operational flexibility and adaptability in response to market demands. We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 33% in 2015. The increase in our domestic streaming revenues was due to a 17% growth in the average number of paid memberships and a 4% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership resulting from our price changes and plan mix. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to a $208.1 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. The increase in international revenues was due to the 66% growth in the average number of paid international memberships offset partially by a 10% decrease in average monthly revenue per paying membership. We believe international revenues would have been approximately $331 million higher in 2015 if foreign exchange rates had remained consistent with those for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $522.1 million increase in content expenses primarily relating to expenses for territories launched in the last eighteen months, coupled with existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. Our domestic streaming segment had a contribution margin of 33% for the year ended December 31, 2015, which increased as compared to the contribution margin of 27% for the year ended December 31, 2014 due to growth in paid memberships and revenue, which continued to outpace content and marketing spending. The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to a $133.2 million increase in personnel-related costs resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a 20% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, streaming delivery, marketing programs and payroll. We expect to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which could impact our liquidity and result in future negative free cash flows. Although we currently anticipate that cash flows from operations, together with our available funds, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for at least the next twelve months, to fund our continued content investments, we are likely to raise additional capital in future periods. Our ability to obtain this, or any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain to finance our international expansion, or investment in original content or otherwise, will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. The contractual obligations table summarizes our contractual obligations at December 31, 2015, which include streaming content obligations primarily associated with the continued expansion of our exclusive and original programming. Streaming content obligations increased $1.4 billion from $9.5 billion as of December 31, 2014 to $10.9 billion as of December 31, 2015. The increase in international marketing expenses was due to expenses for territories launched in the last eighteen months. The increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2015 is due to the higher aggregate principal of interest-bearing notes outstanding.