Our platform uses an innovative traffic classification engine that identifies network traffic by application, user, and content, providing in-depth visibility into all traffic and applications at the user level, at all times, and at the full speed of the network in order to control usage, content, risks, and cyber threats. Our growth reflects the rapid adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support and maintenance, enabling us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We continue to invest in innovation and strengthening our product portfolio, which resulted in several new product offerings and announcements during fiscal 2015. Our growth was also driven by increased security spending by customers, as security continues to be a critical business imperative for every business in the world. We monitor our deferred revenue balance because it represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods, which is crucial for maintaining operational continuity. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is essential for sustaining growth. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on factors such as the average sales price of our products, manufacturing costs, and the mix of revenue between products and services. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We expect to recognize approximately $557.0 million of share-based compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately three years. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for both subscriptions and support and maintenance services. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and services offerings. We may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. We are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether an accrual is required, an accrual should be adjusted, or a range of possible loss should be disclosed.