We believe the scale and quality of our operating platform, the skills of our team, and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenue, earnings, net operating income, cash flows, and core funds from operations is based on rising rents, as market rents are increasing across many of our markets. We expect rent growth to continue as demand for logistics facilities is strong in many markets across the globe. Our owned and managed land bank has the potential to support the development of more than 154 million additional square feet of industrial space. We believe the carrying value of our land bank is below its current fair value, and we expect to realize this value going forward through development of our strategic land and dispositions of nonstrategic land. The operating fundamentals in the markets in which we operate have been improving, positively affecting both occupancy and rental rates, which has fueled development activity. We recognize changes in rental revenue from contractual rent increases on existing leases, and we experienced an increase in rental rates on the turnover of existing leases every quarter since 2012, resulting in higher average rental rates in our portfolio and increased rental revenue. We had significant development activity and strong operating metrics in 2015. We believe we have the infrastructure that will allow us to increase our investments in real estate, with minimal increases to general and administrative expenses. Our owned and managed properties include operating industrial properties and do not include properties under development or held for sale to third parties. We evaluate the performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a "same store" analysis, which includes properties from our consolidated portfolio and those owned by the unconsolidated co-investment ventures that we manage. We believe the factors that affect rental revenue, rental expenses, and net operating income in the same store portfolio are generally the same as for the total portfolio. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, and dispositions of properties is considered adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from available unrestricted cash balances, property operations, fees earned for services performed on behalf of the co-investment ventures, distributions received from the co-investment ventures, and proceeds from the disposition of properties. We have investments in and advances to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, which had total third-party debt at the end of the reporting period. We work with the co-investment ventures to refinance their maturing debt, and there can be no assurance that the co-investment ventures will be able to refinance the maturing indebtedness on favorable terms. We are engaged in various stages of negotiations for the acquisition or disposition of individual properties or portfolios of properties. Our future common stock dividends may vary and will be determined by the board upon the circumstances prevailing at the time, including our financial condition, operating results, and real estate investment trust distribution requirements. We have made it a priority to strengthen our financial position by reducing our debt and exposure to foreign currency exchange fluctuations. Our strategic capital segment generates operating cash through providing management services to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. We analyze our operating performance primarily by the rental revenue of our real estate and the revenue driven by our strategic capital business, net of operating, administrative, and financing expenses.