In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we announced a strategic realignment plan designed to improve execution, enhance financial performance, and drive profitable growth as we work to create sustainable long-term value for stockholders. The core elements of this plan include right-sizing our cost structure, reviewing alternatives to our corporate and financial structure, reaffirming our plan to return significant capital to stockholders, adding new directors with complementary skills while reducing the average tenure of our board of directors, further aligning executive compensation with performance and stockholder return objectives, and making disciplined investments in areas that build upon our core technologies and capabilities and offer attractive growth opportunities and returns. We expect to incur approximately $350 million to $450 million in restructuring and restructuring-related charges, of which $190 million were incurred in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Our business has been impacted by changing industry dynamics, including an increased shift in share among our customers within the premium tier, which will continue to negatively impact sales of our integrated Snapdragon processors and skew our product mix towards lower-margin modem chipsets in this tier. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 3G, 3G/4G multimode and 4G LTE technologies, OFDM-based WLAN technologies, audio and video codecs, wireless baseband chips, our converged computing/communications (Snapdragon) chips, graphics, connectivity, multimedia products, software, and services. We expect continued growth in the coming years in consumer demand for 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G products and services around the world, driven primarily by smartphones. We also expect growth in new device categories and industries, driven by the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones. We believe that the conclusion of new agreements with licensees will result in improved reporting by these licensees, including with respect to sales of three-mode devices sold in China. However, litigation and/or other actions may be necessary to compel licensees to report and pay the required royalties for sales they have not previously reported and to compel unlicensed companies to execute new licenses. We anticipate that our results of operations, particularly for our semiconductor business, will continue to be adversely impacted by these factors into the next fiscal year. We expect that the increased availability of low-tier 3G/4G smartphone products will help enable further expansion of 3G and 3G/4G multimode in emerging regions, particularly in China. We expect that 3G/4G device prices will continue to vary broadly due to the increased penetration of smartphones combined with competition throughout the world at all price tiers. We believe our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, our expected cash flow generated from operations, and our expected financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our business model and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry.