Starbucks results for fiscal 2015 demonstrate the continued strength of our global business model and our ability to successfully make disciplined investments in our business and our partners (employees). The ownership change in Starbucks Japan reflects the change in accounting from a joint venture to a consolidated market and includes the acquisition-related transaction and integration costs. The Americas segment continued to perform well in fiscal 2015, with revenues growing 11% to $13.3 billion, primarily driven by comparable store sales growth of 7%, comprised of a 4% increase in average ticket and a 3% increase in number of transactions, as well as incremental revenues from 612 net new store openings over the last 12 months. Growth in our core beverages, paired with the success of our food offerings and beverage innovation, drove the increase in comparable store sales. Looking forward, we expect to continue to drive revenue growth and moderate margin expansion through new stores and leveraging investments in both our store partners (employees) and our digital platforms, such as mobile order and pay. Our fiscal 2015 China/Asia Pacific segment results reflect the impact of fully consolidating Starbucks Japan since October 31, 2014. Incremental revenues from the change in ownership of Starbucks Japan were the primary driver of the 112% increase in segment revenues, to $2.4 billion. Operating income grew 34%, to $501 million, while operating margin declined 1,210 basis points to 20.9%. The overall operating margin decline was due to the 1,410 basis point impact of the ownership change in Starbucks Japan, which was partially offset by 200 basis points of expansion primarily due to sales leverage. We expect this segment will become a more significant contributor to overall company revenue growth in the future as we look forward to continued net new store openings and the first full year of consolidating Starbucks Japan. Our EMEA segment revenues declined 6% to $1.2 billion, primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $116 million. This was partially offset by revenue growth of $38 million that was primarily driven by incremental revenues from 238 net new licensed store openings over the past year. EMEA operating margin expanded 460 basis points to 13.8% in fiscal 2015, primarily due to sales leverage driven by our ongoing portfolio shift to higher-margin licensed stores. We expect our continued disciplined licensed store expansion and focus on the customer experience in this region will result in improved operating performance. The channel development segment revenues grew 12% to $1.7 billion in fiscal 2015, primarily due to increased sales of premium single-serve products, driven by sales of Starbucks- and Tazo-branded K-Cup® portion packs, and improved packaged coffee sales. Operating margin increased 180 basis points to 37.8%, primarily driven by leverage on cost of sales and increased income due to strong performance by our North American coffee partnership joint venture. We continue to expand customer occasions outside of our retail stores and through our developing international presence. We believe that future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses in those respective markets as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. Significant new joint ventures, acquisitions, and/or other new business opportunities may require additional outside funding. We expect to use our available cash and investments to invest in our core businesses, including capital expenditures, new product innovations, related marketing support, and partner investments.