The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We continued our focus on safety to reduce risk and eliminate incidents for our employees, customers, and the public. We achieved our best ever reportable personal injury incidents per 200,000 employee-hours. Our efforts to further engage the workforce through programs such as courage to care and total safety culture demonstrate our commitment to operational flexibility and resilience. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, quality control, training, and employee engagement. In 2016, we will continue to align resources with customer demand, improve network performance, and maintain our surge capability. Economic conditions in many of our market sectors continue to drive uncertainty with respect to our volume levels. We expect volumes to be down slightly in 2016 compared to 2015, but this will depend on the overall economy and market conditions. The strong U.S. dollar and historic low commodity prices could drive continued volatility. One of the biggest uncertainties is the outlook for energy markets, which will bring both challenges and opportunities. We expect continued margin improvement driven by ongoing productivity initiatives and the ability to leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise. Our capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan, enhancing the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations. We will continue to invest in our network and terminals where appropriate, balancing terminal capacity with mainline capacity. Significant investments in technology improvements are planned, including approximately $375 million for positive train control. We expect to fund our 2016 cash capital plan by using cash generated from operations and proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt. We believe we have adequate access to capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements and sufficient financial capacity to satisfy our current liabilities. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is dependent on our financial stability. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through various sources or activities, including increasing the size or utilization of our receivables securitization. Our principal sources of liquidity included cash, cash equivalents, and our revolving credit facility. We had a modest working capital surplus, reflecting a strong cash position that provides enhanced liquidity in an uncertain economic environment. We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations, and we have identified sites at which we may be liable for remediation costs. Our environmental liability is not discounted to present value due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of future payments. We perform environmental assessments on properties where we identify an environmental issue and accrue costs where our obligation is probable and can be reasonably estimated. We continue to take steps to explore opportunities to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment, including investments in new technologies and changing our operations to increase fuel efficiency. We monitor the estimated service lives of our assets and the accumulated depreciation associated with each asset class to ensure our depreciation rates are appropriate. Changes in estimated useful lives of our assets due to the results of our depreciation studies could significantly impact future periods' depreciation expense and have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.