Growth in the U.S. economy proceeded at a moderately slow and uneven pace throughout 2015, resulting in 2.4% GDP growth for the year. Consumer spending remains the primary driver of growth in the economy, supported by low inflation and healthy employment growth. However, much of the growth in consumer spending has been centered in the service sector. Retail sales growth was disappointing, and U.S. manufacturing continues to struggle with weak export demand. Given these trends, we continued to adjust our air capacity and cost structure in our transportation network to better match the prevailing volume levels. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to these changing trends. We have continued to undertake several initiatives to improve the flexibility and capacity in our transportation network, improve yield management, and increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. The continued deployment of technology improvements should increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility, and reliability. Productivity improvements have continued to be realized through adjusting our air and ground networks to better match volume levels and utilizing technology to increase package sorting and delivery efficiency. We incurred higher employee compensation costs due to an increase in average daily union labor hours and contractual wage rate increases. We also experienced increased expenses associated with healthcare, pension, and workers' compensation. The impact of lower fuel prices was partially offset by higher fuel usage due to an increase in aircraft block hours and vehicle miles driven. We have continued to adjust our air and ground networks to better match higher volume levels, utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery efficiency, and benefit from improved pick-up densities. Our overall average daily volume increased in 2015, largely due to continued strength in business-to-consumer volume and strong demand from several sectors including healthcare. We continued to experience solid export volume growth, particularly in the Europe-to-U.S. and intra-European trade lanes. The growth was driven by our European and Americas operations, which experienced solid increases in volume to most regions of the world. However, Asian export volume declined across all trade lanes due to the economic slowdown throughout the region, particularly in China. We have made significant investments in technology and infrastructure to enhance our operational capabilities and adapt to changing market conditions. The deployment of our on-road integrated optimization and navigation system should further improve our operational flexibility and enhance our ability to respond to unexpected situations. We believe these initiatives will help us maintain positive adjustment under challenging conditions and enhance our organizational resilience.