We are engaged in a number of research and mid- and early-stage development programs, including in the areas of oncology, pain, and neurology, which reflect our commitment to fostering scientific innovation and balancing the risks inherent in drug development. Our business is focused on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis while maintaining our financial strength. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks, including the need to adapt to ongoing changes in the regulatory landscape and market conditions. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies, frequently evaluating our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available. Our corporate compliance program is designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, promoting a culture of compliance. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand these compliance programs globally. Our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on product sales of kalydeco and orkambi, which requires us to adapt our strategies to meet customer needs and respond effectively to external pressures. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we must demonstrate with evidence gathered in nonclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials that the drug candidates are safe and effective for the diseases they are intended to treat. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts, which may enhance our organizational capabilities and resilience. The duration and cost of discovery, nonclinical studies, and clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project and are difficult to predict, necessitating a flexible approach to resource allocation and operational management. We expect our development expenses to increase in 2016 as compared to 2015 due to activities related to clinical trials, including the phase 3 clinical development program for vx-661 in combination with ivacaftor. Our restructuring expenses in 2014 primarily related to the relocation of our corporate headquarters, reflecting our ability to reconfigure our operational structure in response to changing conditions. We maintain a substantial investment in research activities, which has resulted in increases in research expenses, reflecting our commitment to organizational resilience through continuous innovation and adaptation to complex situations. Our corporate strategy includes maintaining operational continuity and flexibility to ensure we can respond to unexpected situations and external disturbances effectively, thereby supporting our long-term objectives and organizational health.