During fiscal 2019, we reported strong financial results consistent with the continued execution of our long-term plans for our two strategic growth areas, digital media and digital experience, while continuing to market and license a broad portfolio of products and solutions. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. We are also a market leader with our Adobe document cloud offerings built around our Adobe Acrobat family of products, including Adobe Acrobat Reader DC, which enhances the way people manage critical documents at home, in the office and across devices. Our digital experience business provides comprehensive solutions that enable marketers to measure, personalize and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal marketing performance. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital experience business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. Our financial results for fiscal 2019 reflect the success of these investments, with total digital media ARR of approximately $8.40 billion as of November 29, 2019, increasing by $1.69 billion, or 25%, from $6.71 billion as of November 30, 2018. The increase in our digital media ARR was primarily due to stronger new user adoption of our creative cloud and Adobe document cloud offerings. We expect that continued demand across our portfolio of Adobe experience cloud solutions, including new offerings and enhancements to existing solutions, will drive revenue growth in future years. We also made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of our routes to market, which have positively impacted our revenue growth. Our digital experience revenue increased by $762.5 million during fiscal 2019, primarily due to subscription revenue growth across our experience cloud offerings, largely driven by revenue associated with Marketo Engage, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. The increase in subscription revenue reflects our ability to adapt and respond effectively to market demands and customer needs, demonstrating our organizational resilience in navigating a competitive landscape. Our cash flows from operating activities for fiscal 2019 were primarily comprised of net income adjusted for the net effect of non-cash items, indicating our operational effectiveness and ability to maintain performance under pressure. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, anticipated cash flows from operations, and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for the next twelve months, highlighting our strategic foresight and preparedness for future challenges.