ADP is focused on rethinking a better, more personalized world at work and helping our clients and their workers achieve their full potential. We are reshaping the HCM industry with leading innovations like our next-gen platforms and driving growth through our strategic cloud-based HCM solutions. Our transformation initiatives, including the voluntary early retirement program and workforce optimization initiatives, are yielding operating efficiencies in conjunction with our service alignment initiative, which is focused on changing how we work. The efficiencies driving margin performance are the result of our continued successful execution of our broader transformation initiatives, including improvements in our systems infrastructure spend and automation efforts. We continue to generate a high percentage of recurring revenues, healthy and improving margins, and consistent strong cash flows. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, and we are positioned to maintain our positive momentum into fiscal 2020. The increase in employer services client revenue retention rate for fiscal 2019 improved 40 basis points to 90.8% compared to the previous fiscal year, driven by higher retention across our cloud-based solutions and our focus on improving the client experience. We are enhancing our position as a leading global HCM provider that can help businesses address the entire worker spectrum from full-time to freelancer through hire to retire. Our investments in technology, service, and distribution are aimed at strengthening our underlying business model and prospects for continued growth. The increase in interest earned on funds held for clients resulted from the increase in our average interest rate earned and growth in average client funds balances. We believe that the likelihood of ultimate losses exceeding limits is remote, and we have consistently maintained the required level of client funds assets to satisfy all of our obligations. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments. We minimize the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such client's obligation becomes due by impounding, in virtually all instances, the client's funds in advance of the timing of payment of such client's obligation. The efficiencies driving margin performance are the result of our continued successful execution of our broader transformation initiatives, including the voluntary early retirement program and improvements in our systems infrastructure spend and automation efforts. We have established credit quality, maturity, and exposure limits for our investments to mitigate risks associated with our investment strategy. We are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk, and we limit credit risk by investing in investment-grade securities. Our overall investment portfolio is comprised of corporate investments and client funds assets, with safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification as primary objectives. We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. The increase in our average interest rate earned reflects our adaptability to changing market conditions and our focus on maintaining operational continuity.