We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items, and through online offerings. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our philosophy is not to seek to minimize employee wages and benefits; rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. We believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. We achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses, and as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales. The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our financial performance is influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our results. We opened our first warehouse in China, and subsequent to year-end, operations commenced at our new poultry processing plant. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from warehouse operations, cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. The amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit outstanding. We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements. We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements, other than operating leases. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims over time.