We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities. Our strategic priorities include the following: accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and transforming our business model. We continue to operate in a challenging and highly competitive environment. While the overall environment remains uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term. We believe that our customers are looking for intent-based networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics across private, hybrid, and multicloud environments. Our vision is to deliver highly secure, software-defined, automated and intelligent platforms for our customers. We expect ongoing uncertainty in the service provider customer market. The increase in product revenue in the EMEA segment was driven by growth in the public sector and enterprise markets, partially offset by a decline in the service provider market. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. We believe the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We have agreed to pay certain additional amounts contingent upon the achievement of certain agreed-upon technology, development, product, or other milestones or the continued employment with us of certain employees of the acquired entities. We also have certain funding commitments primarily related to our non-marketable equity and other investments, some of which are based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon milestones. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors because of our intent to return a stated percentage of free cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and stock repurchases. Our product gross margin also benefited from the sale of our lower margin SPVSS business during the second quarter of fiscal 2019. We expect to continue to expand the use of our financing programs in the near term. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners or end-user customers. We believe the overall credit quality of our portfolio is strong, with our cash equivalents and our available-for-sale debt investment portfolio consisting primarily of high-quality investment-grade securities. We believe that the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. Our strategic initiatives include the transformation of our business model and the adaptation to ongoing market changes. As we continue to navigate through turbulent markets, we emphasize the importance of operational flexibility and the ability to adapt to external pressures. We are committed to maintaining organizational health and resilience through effective resource allocation and strategic foresight. Our focus on innovation and collaboration networks enhances our organizational capabilities, enabling us to confront unexpected situations and maintain performance under pressure. We regularly assess our organizational response mechanisms and the implications of external disturbances on our operational continuity.