We have omitted discussion of 2017 results where it would be redundant to the discussion previously included in part ii, item 7 of our 2018 annual report on form 10-k, as amended. The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, contributing to revenue growth, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of these trends in order to maintain and grow our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may affect our monetization. As interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time and we expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. In addition, acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital, and we expect to continue to spend cash on acquisitions and other investments. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. We continue to make significant investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology infrastructure through purchases of property and equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our business. Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our Google network members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. We have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, but this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins and affect our revenue growth rates. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices and modalities, our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements in foreign currency exchange rates. As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. We expect this trend to continue in the long term as we invest heavily in land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology infrastructure, which includes servers and network equipment. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets.