The recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 has led to adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and created uncertainty regarding potential impacts to our supply chain, operations, and customer demand. The pandemic has impacted and could further impact our operations and the operations of our suppliers and vendors as a result of quarantines, facility closures, and travel and logistics restrictions. As a result of COVID-19, we have reduced store operating hours, expanded our paid time off policy for associates, and shifted certain store support operations to remote or virtual, and we may face additional labor-related costs. We are also taking steps in our stores to manage foot traffic to better protect our customers and associates. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, we have had to cease sales of or delay commencement of work on certain services deemed "non-life-sustaining." We continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our associates, customers, suppliers, vendors, and shareholders. While the disruption is currently expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty regarding its duration. Therefore, while we expect the pandemic to impact our business, results of operations, financial position, and liquidity, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact at this time. We believe that our current cash position, cash flow generated from operations, funds available from our commercial paper programs, and access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient for our operating requirements and to enable us to fund our capital expenditures, dividend payments, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. Given the current uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we may adjust our capital expenditures as necessary or appropriate to support the operations of the business. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, operations, and occupancy costs. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2019 was $13.7 billion driven primarily by net earnings of $11.2 billion and non-cash adjustments to net earnings of $2.7 billion, consisting of depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, and changes in deferred income taxes, offset by working capital outflows driven primarily by timing of inventory purchases and collection of receivables. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including traffic growth across a number of our core categories and the execution of our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. Our comparable average ticket increased 2.5% in fiscal 2019 while comparable customer transactions increased 1.1% during fiscal 2019. The increase in comparable average ticket was due in large part to strong sales in big ticket purchases in certain categories. We believe ROIC is meaningful for investors and management because it measures how effectively we deploy our capital base. We define ROIC as NOPAT for the most recent twelve-month period, divided by average debt and equity. We continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our associates, customers, suppliers, vendors, and shareholders.