For over three decades, minimally invasive surgery (MIS) has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field, filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We focus on making our technology easy and safe to use, offering dependable, consistent functionality and user experiences for surgeons seeking better outcomes. We take a holistic approach, offering intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make MIS intervention more available and applicable. We have commercialized several da Vinci surgical systems, and our plans for rollout include optimizing training pathways and our supply chain. The success of new product introductions depends on factors including pricing, competition, market acceptance, and effective management of product demand. We generate revenue from placements of da Vinci surgical systems and earn recurring revenue from sales of instruments, accessories, and services. Recurring revenue increased to $3.2 billion, or 72% of total revenue in 2019, reflecting continued procedure adoption and growth of the installed base of da Vinci surgical systems. Our business model includes sales-type and operating lease arrangements, providing customers flexibility in acquiring systems and expanding their robotic-assisted programs while leveraging our balance sheet. We believe these alternative financing structures have been effective and well-received. Our exposure to credit risks may increase if customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, economic pressures, or other factors. Future demand for da Vinci surgical systems will be impacted by hospital responses to the evolving healthcare environment, procedure growth rates, hospital consolidation trends, and additional reimbursements in various global markets. The adoption of robotic-assisted surgery using the da Vinci surgical system has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training products and services for procedures in which da Vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property, and we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided from operations. Our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income from product sales, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products, which reflects our commitment to organizational resilience in adapting to market demands and ensuring operational continuity.