As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally, which have substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Economic conditions can create pressures that affect our ability to raise capital from investors and make new investments. Our ability to grow revenues depends in part on our ability to attract new capital and investors, which is driven by the extent to which they see the alternative asset management industry as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. We have expanded into strategies such as energy, infrastructure, real estate, growth equity, and credit, which are designed to adapt to changing market conditions and investor needs. Our ability to successfully deploy capital is dependent upon identifying and executing attractive investments, which may be impacted by competition and high valuations. Challenging market and economic conditions may adversely affect our ability to exit and realize value from our investments, resulting in lower-than-expected returns. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets affect our ability to successfully exit our equity positions in private equity portfolio companies. We recognize that periods of volatility and dislocation in capital markets present substantial risks, but they can also provide opportunities to invest at reduced valuations that position us for future growth. Our operating revenues consist of fees, performance income, and investment income, and our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon successfully deploying capital and participating in capital markets transactions. We face various risks, including political uncertainty, regulatory changes, and potential impacts from global economic conditions, which could adversely affect our business. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments. We have access to funding under various credit facilities and other sources of liquidity, and we manage our liquidity and capital requirements by focusing on cash flows before the consolidation of our funds. Our primary sources of liquidity consist of amounts received from operating activities, realizations on carried interest from our investment funds, and interest and dividends from investments. We have entered into contractual commitments with respect to the purchase of investments and other assets, and we may incur contingent liabilities for claims that may be made against us in the future. Our management is responsible for determining the fair value of investments in good faith, and we employ various methodologies to assess these valuations, which are subject to significant management judgment or estimation. We recognize that changes in the fair value of investments impact the amount of carried interest and investment income recognized, and we are committed to maintaining operational flexibility to adapt to changing market conditions and investor expectations.