Merck & Co., Inc. is a global health care company that delivers innovative health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products. The company’s operations are managed on a products basis and include four operating segments: pharmaceutical, animal health, healthcare services, and alliances. Merck's performance during 2019 demonstrates execution in both commercial and research operations driven by a focus on key growth drivers and innovative pipeline investment reinforcing the company's science-led strategy. The company is allocating resources to effectively support its commercial opportunities in the near term while making necessary investments to support long-term growth. Research and development expenses in 2019 reflect higher clinical development spending and increased investment in discovery research and early drug development. Merck continues to prioritize business development aimed at enhancing its portfolio and strengthening its pipeline by executing several business development transactions. The company has made the decision to withdraw its type II variation application for keytruda for certain indications in the EU. Merck is actively monitoring the landscape for growth opportunities that meet the company's strategic criteria. The company is committed to ensuring that externally sourced programs remain an important component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies. The company anticipates all actions taken by governments and other third parties to lower healthcare costs will continue to negatively affect revenue performance. Merck's strong financial profile enables it to fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products, and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by changes in foreign exchange rates. The company manages operating activities and net asset positions at each local subsidiary to mitigate the effects of exchange on monetary assets and liabilities. The company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings considered normal to its business, including product liability, intellectual property, and commercial litigation, as well as certain additional matters including governmental and environmental matters. The company records accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The company believes that there are no compliance issues associated with applicable environmental laws and regulations that would have a material adverse effect on the company. The company has established investment guidelines for its pension and other postretirement plans to create an asset allocation that is expected to deliver a rate of return sufficient to meet the long-term obligation of each plan, given an acceptable level of risk. The company continues to evaluate its global footprint and overall operating model, identifying additional actions under its restructuring program, which are expected to be substantially completed by the end of 2023. The company anticipates the actions under the restructuring program to result in annual net cost savings by the end of 2023.