For an overview of our business, we continue to evaluate planned technology node transitions, capital spending, and re-use rates for NAND equipment. Our overall gross margin percentage decreased primarily due to declines in average selling prices partially offset by cost reductions resulting from strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies and from continuous improvement initiatives to reduce production costs. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. We estimate that capital expenditures in 2020 for property, plant, and equipment, net of partner contributions, to be focused on technology transitions and product enablement. Our ability to access funds held by IMFT to finance our other operations is subject to agreement by Intel and contractual limitations. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. We accrue a liability and charge operations for the estimated costs of adjudication or settlement of asserted and unasserted claims existing as of the balance sheet date. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment based on technology node transitions, capital spending, and equipment re-use rates. We also review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and/or disposition. The estimate of future cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require significant judgment, including future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets, future selling prices for our products and future production and sales volumes. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. Our results of operations have benefitted from increases in the amount of deferred taxes we expect to realize, primarily from the levels of capital spending and increases in the amount of taxable income we expect to realize. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. Our investments consist primarily of money market funds and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. We operate in a number of jurisdictions outside the United States, including Singapore, where we have tax incentive arrangements that further decrease our effective tax rates. The effect of tax incentive arrangements reduced our tax provision significantly. We are unable to reliably estimate the timing of future certain payments related to uncertain tax positions and deferred tax liabilities; therefore, the amount has been excluded from the preceding table. We test goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or more frequently if indicators of an impairment exist, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit with goodwill is less than its carrying value. We test the reasonableness of the output of our long-range planning process by calculating an implied value per share and comparing that to current stock prices, analysts' consensus pricing, and management's expectations. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations.