We are leading a transformation in the tobacco industry to create a smoke-free future and ultimately replace cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company and its shareholders. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. In addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("rrps"). RRPs is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2018 amount was driven by a favorable pricing variance, notably in Germany, Indonesia, Japan, the Philippines and Turkey; and favorable volume/mix, mainly driven by heated tobacco unit and IQOS device volume in the EU and Russia, and heated tobacco unit volume in Japan. The currency-neutral growth in net revenues of 3.8% came despite the unfavorable impact of $763 million, predominantly resulting from the deconsolidation of our Canadian subsidiary, Rothmans, Benson & Hedges, Inc. ("RBH"). Following the judgment in the two Québec smoking and health class actions, RBH obtained an initial order from the Ontario Superior Court of Justice granting it protection under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act ("CCAA"), which is a Canadian federal law that permits a Canadian business to restructure its affairs while carrying on its business in the ordinary course with minimal disruption to its customers, suppliers and employees. As a result, we have determined that we no longer have a controlling financial interest over RBH and that we do not exert "significant influence" over RBH under U.S. GAAP. Therefore, we deconsolidated RBH as of the date of the CCAA filing on March 22, 2019, and will account for our continuing investment in RBH as an equity security, without readily determinable fair value. The unfavorable currency impact during 2019 results from the fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, especially against the euro, Russian ruble and Turkish lira. This unfavorable currency movement has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due primarily to favorable volume/mix and favorable pricing, partially offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs and higher manufacturing costs. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. We are committed to operational continuity and resilience strategies that allow us to adapt to changing market conditions and external pressures while maintaining our organizational health and effectiveness.