The company expands the product lines and services it offers by developing and commercializing its own technologies and by making strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses. The company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. The advanced bioprocessing business adds complementary cell culture products that expand the segment's bioproduction offerings to help customers increase yield during production of biologic drugs. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales, the gain on the sale of the anatomical pathology business and, to a lesser extent, productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The company recorded restructuring and other income, net, of $334 million, including $482 million of net gains on the sale of businesses, principally the anatomical pathology business. The company also recorded cash restructuring charges, net, primarily for employee severance and abandoned facilities costs associated with the closure and consolidation of facilities in the U.S. and Europe. The restructuring projects for which charges were incurred in 2019 are expected to result in annual cost savings of approximately $60 million beginning in part in 2019 and, to a greater extent, in 2020. The increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand in each of the segment's principal businesses with particular strength in service offerings of its pharma services business and products sold through its research and safety market channel business. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents of $2.40 billion as of December 31, 2019, and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months. The company has identified restructuring actions that will result in additional charges of approximately $65 million, primarily in 2020, and expects to identify additional actions during 2020 which will be recorded when specified criteria are met. The company uses its non-U.S. cash for needs outside of the U.S. including acquisitions and repayment of acquisition-related intercompany debt to the U.S. The company also transfers cash to the U.S. using non-taxable returns of capital as well as dividends where the related U.S. dividend received deduction or foreign tax credit equals any tax cost arising from the dividends. The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the U.S. The company has recorded liabilities for known indemnifications included as part of environmental liabilities. The accruals are based on management's judgment, historical claims experience, the probability of losses and, where applicable, the consideration of opinions of internal and/or external legal counsel and actuarial estimates. The company's management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, principally associated with acquisition-related activities; restructuring and other costs/income including costs arising from facility consolidations such as severance and abandoned lease expense and gains and losses from the sale of real estate and product lines. The company believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain.