This management's discussion and analysis provides a review of the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and capital resources of Visa Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our business performance during fiscal 2019 reflects continued global consumer spending growth amidst uneven global economic conditions. We recorded net revenues of $23.0 billion for fiscal 2019, an increase of 11% over the prior year, primarily reflecting continued growth in nominal payments volume, nominal cross-border volume and processed transactions. Our advanced transaction processing network, Visanet, enables authorization, clearing and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms and value-added services. We regularly evaluate cash requirements for current operations, commitments, development activities and capital expenditures, and we may elect to raise additional funds for these purposes in the future through the issuance of either debt or equity. Our treasury policies provide management with the guidelines and authority to manage liquidity risk in a manner consistent with our corporate objectives. The objectives of our treasury policies are to provide adequate liquidity to cover operating expenditures and liquidity contingency scenarios, ensure timely completion of payments settlement activities, make planned capital investments in our business, pay dividends and repurchase our shares at the discretion of our board of directors, and invest excess cash in securities that enable us to first meet our working capital and liquidity needs, and earn additional income. We believe that cash flow generated from operations, in conjunction with access to our other sources of liquidity, will be more than sufficient to meet our ongoing operational needs. We are parties to legal and regulatory proceedings with respect to a variety of matters, including certain litigation that we refer to as the U.S. covered litigation. The accrual related to the U.S. covered litigation could be either higher or lower than the U.S. litigation escrow account balance. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. Our capital expenditures increased during fiscal 2019, due to investments in technology, infrastructure and growth initiatives. We maintain global credit settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. We have established policies and control procedures which seek to ensure that estimates and assumptions are appropriately governed and applied consistently from period to period. Our judgments are subjective based on management's understanding of the litigation profile, the specifics of each case, our history with similar proceedings, advice of in-house and outside legal counsel to the extent appropriate and management's best estimate of incurred loss. We believe that our projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity needs for more than the next 12 months. The increase in net revenues in fiscal 2019 reflects the continued growth in nominal payments volume, nominal cross-border volume, and processed transactions. We recorded an additional accrual of $370 million to address claims associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation, resulting in an accrued litigation balance related to U.S. covered litigation of $1.2 billion at September 30, 2019. Our financial results for fiscal 2019 reflect the impact of certain significant items that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing operating performance. We expect to continue paying quarterly dividends in cash, subject to approval by the board of directors. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment. We will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions.