item 1a.    risk factors in addition to the other information in this report, the following risk factors should be considered before deciding to invest in any of abbott's securities. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to abbott, or risks abbott currently considers immaterial, could also affect abbott's actual results. abbott's business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.
abbott may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or dispose of or spin-off businesses, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability.
abbott may pursue acquisitions, licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, or dispose of or spin-off some of its businesses, as part of its business strategy. abbott may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. if abbott is successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. abbott may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business or transition disposed businesses efficiently, and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. abbott could also experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. these effects could cause a deterioration of abbott's credit rating, result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense, and decrease liquidity.
abbott is subject to cost containment efforts that could cause a reduction in future revenues and operating income.
in the united states and other countries, abbott's businesses have experienced downward pressure on product pricing. cost containment efforts by governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in the section captioned "regulation." to the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater patient access to health care or other factors, abbott's future revenues and operating income will be reduced.
abbott is subject to numerous governmental regulations and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes.
abbott's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) and numerous international, supranational, federal, and state authorities. the process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug or medical device can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals for future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues, and in substantial additional costs.
in addition, no assurance can be given that abbott will remain in compliance with applicable fda and other regulatory requirements once approval or marketing authorization has been obtained for a product. these requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling, and advertising and postmarketing reporting, including adverse event reports and field alerts. many of abbott's facilities and procedures and those of abbott's suppliers are subject to ongoing regulation, including periodic inspection by the fda and other regulatory authorities. abbott must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations. possible regulatory actions for non-compliance could include warning letters, fines, damages, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls, seizures of abbott's products, and criminal prosecution.
9
these actions could result in, among other things, substantial modifications to abbott's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls, or seizures of abbott's products; a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more facilities while abbott or abbott's suppliers remedy the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future pre-market approvals or marketing authorizations; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. any of these events could disrupt abbott's business and have a material adverse effect on abbott's revenues, profitability and financial condition.
laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on abbott, require abbott to change its business practices, and restrict its operations in the future.
abbott's industry is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, and international and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices. violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in government health care programs, including medicare, medicaid, and veterans administration health programs in the u.s. these laws and regulations are broad in scope and they are subject to evolving interpretations, which could require abbott to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. in addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt abbott's business and result in a material adverse effect on abbott's revenues, profitability, and financial condition.
changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect abbott's business.
both in the u.s. and internationally, government authorities may enact changes in regulatory requirements, make legislative or administrative reforms to existing reimbursement programs, make adverse decisions relating to our products' coverage or reimbursement, or make changes to patient access to health care, all of which could adversely impact the demand for and usage of abbott's products or the prices that abbott's customers are willing to pay for them.
further, in the u.s., a number of the provisions of the u.s. patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 change access to health care products and services and establish certain fees for the medical device industry. these provisions may be modified, repealed, or otherwise invalidated, in whole or in part. future rulemaking could affect rebates, prices or the rate of price increases for health care products and services, or required reporting and disclosure. abbott cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking or changes in the law.
for additional information concerning health care regulation, see the discussion in "regulation" under item 1, "business."
abbott incurred and assumed significant additional indebtedness in connection with the acquisition of st. jude medical, which could decrease business flexibility and increase consolidated interest expense.
following the acquisition of st. jude medical, abbott's consolidated indebtedness as of january 31, 2017 is approximately $27.8 billion, representing a substantial increase in comparison to abbott's consolidated indebtedness on a recent historical basis. this increased consolidated indebtedness could have the effect, among other things, of reducing abbott's flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, increasing abbott's consolidated interest expense, and reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes.
further, abbott may be required to raise additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, future acquisitions or other general corporate purposes. abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, abbott's financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond abbott's control. consequently, abbott cannot assure that it will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on
10
terms acceptable to abbott or at all, which could adversely impact abbott's ability to make scheduled payments with respect to its consolidated indebtedness and its profitability and financial condition. additionally, further borrowing could cause a deterioration of abbott's credit rating.
changes in credit markets or to abbott's credit rating could impact abbott's ability to obtain financing for its business operations or result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense.
abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's then opinion of abbott's financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet its debt obligations. abbott utilizes the short- and long-term debt markets to obtain capital from time to time. adverse changes in abbott's credit ratings may result in increased borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term borrowing facilities and may limit financing options, including access to the unsecured borrowing market. abbott may also be subject to additional restrictive covenants that would reduce flexibility. macroeconomic conditions, such as continued or increased volatility or disruption in the credit markets, may adversely affect abbott's ability to refinance existing debt or obtain additional financing to support operations or to fund new acquisitions or capital-intensive internal initiatives.
abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and a cyber attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on abbott's results of operations.
similar to other large multi-national companies, the size and complexity of the information technology systems on which abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products makes them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. these systems have been and are expected to continue to be the target of malware and other cyber attacks. in addition, third party hacking attempts may cause abbott's information technology systems and related products, protected data, or proprietary information to be compromised. a significant attack or other disruption could result in adverse consequences, including increased costs and expenses, problems with product functionality, damage to customer relations, lost revenue, and legal or regulatory penalties.
abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. there can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in the future. any significant attack or other disruption on abbott's systems or products could have a material adverse effect on abbott's business.
the expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may affect abbott's future revenues and operating income.
many of abbott's businesses rely on patent and trademark and other intellectual property protection. although most of the challenges to abbott's intellectual property have come from other businesses, governments may also challenge intellectual property protections. to the extent abbott's intellectual property is successfully challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or to the extent it does not allow abbott to compete effectively, abbott's businesses could suffer. to the extent that countries do not enforce abbott's intellectual property rights or to the extent that countries require compulsory licensing of its intellectual property, abbott's future revenues and operating income could be reduced. any material litigation regarding abbott's patents and trademarks is described in the section captioned "legal proceedings."
11
competitors' intellectual property may prevent abbott from selling its products or have a material adverse effect on abbott's future profitability and financial condition.
competitors may claim that an abbott product infringes upon their intellectual property. resolving an intellectual property infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require abbott to enter into license agreements. abbott cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially reasonable terms. a successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject abbott to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale or use of affected abbott products. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on abbott's profitability and financial condition.
abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause abbott's revenue and profitability to decline.
to remain competitive, abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. to accomplish this, abbott commits substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development. a high rate of failure is inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. failure can occur at any point in the process, including after significant funds have been invested.
promising new products and technologies may fail to reach the market or may only have limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical outcomes, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, failure to establish or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. even if abbott successfully develops new products or enhancements or new generations of abbott's existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors' innovations. innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of, among other things, entrenched patterns of clinical practice or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. abbott cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. failure to launch successful new products or technologies, or new indications or uses for existing products, may cause abbott's products or technologies to become obsolete, causing abbott's revenues and operating results to suffer.
new products and technological advances by abbott's competitors may negatively affect abbott's results of operations.
abbott's products face intense competition from its competitors' products. competitors' products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than abbott's products. abbott cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction of competitors' products.
the manufacture of many of abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if abbott or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing products, abbott's business could suffer.
the manufacture of many of abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, natural disasters, and environmental factors. in addition, single suppliers are currently used for certain products and materials. if problems arise during the production of a batch of product, that batch of product may have to be discarded. this could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause,
12
similar losses with respect to other batches or products. if problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred. to the extent abbott or one of its suppliers experiences significant manufacturing problems, this could have a material adverse effect on abbott's revenues and profitability.
significant safety concerns could arise for abbott's products, which could have a material adverse effect on abbott's revenues and financial condition.
health care products typically receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. following regulatory approval, these products will be used over longer periods of time in many patients. investigators may also conduct additional, and perhaps more extensive, studies. if new safety issues are reported, abbott may be required to amend the conditions of use for a product. for example, abbott may be required to provide additional warnings on a product's label or narrow its approved intended use, either of which could reduce the product's market acceptance. if serious safety issues arise with an abbott product, sales of the product could be halted by abbott or by regulatory authorities. safety issues affecting suppliers' or competitors' products also may reduce the market acceptance of abbott's products.
in addition, in the ordinary course of business, abbott is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that its products or the products of other companies that abbott promotes have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for or injury to patients. product liability claims and lawsuits, safety alerts or product recalls, and other allegations of product safety or quality issues, regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on abbott's business and reputation and on abbott's ability to attract and retain customers. consequences may also include additional costs, a decrease in market share for the products, lower income or exposure to other claims. product liability losses are self-insured. product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on abbott's profitability and financial condition.
abbott cannot predict at this time whether or when it will consummate the acquisition of alere inc.
on january 30, 2016, abbott entered into a merger agreement to acquire alere inc. since entering into the merger agreement, several key developments occurred with respect to alere, including three new, separate investigations by the u.s. department of justice (two of which are criminal investigations), delays in the filing of alere's required annual (form 10-k) and quarterly (form 10-q) sec reports, management's disclosure of unremediated material weaknesses over financial reporting, the issuance of an opinion by alere's auditors that alere did not maintain effective internal control because of material weaknesses over financial reporting related to revenue recognition, a product recall following notice from the u.s. food and drug administration, and the revocation of the medicare billing privileges of an alere business unit by the centers for medicare & medicaid services. these developments led abbott to file a complaint against alere in the delaware court of chancery, seeking to terminate the merger agreement on the grounds that alere has experienced a "material adverse effect" under the merger agreement and has materially breached certain of its covenants. the outcome of the lawsuit, however, is not certain, and abbott cannot predict at this time whether or when it will consummate the acquisition of alere.
abbott holds a significant investment in mylan n.v. and is subject to market risk.
in february 2015, abbott completed the disposition of its developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business to mylan n.v. in exchange for 110,000,000 mylan n.v. ordinary shares. in april 2015, abbott sold 40,250,000 of these mylan n.v. ordinary shares. abbott currently owns 69,750,000 ordinary shares. as long as abbott holds the shares, abbott will have a substantial undiversified equity investment in mylan n.v. and, therefore, will be subject to the risk of changes in the market value of those shares.
13
fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial statements and abbott's ability to realize projected sales and earnings.
although abbott's financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, a significant portion of abbott's revenues and costs are realized in other currencies. sales outside of the united states in 2016 made up approximately 70 percent of abbott's net sales. abbott's profitability is affected by movement of the u.s. dollar against other currencies. fluctuations in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies may also affect the reported value of abbott's assets and liabilities, as well as its cash flows. some foreign currencies are subject to government exchange controls. while abbott enters into hedging arrangements to mitigate some of its foreign currency exposure, abbott cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or its ability to mitigate these risks.
information on the impact of foreign exchange rates on abbott's financial results is contained in the "financial review — results of operations" section in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of this report. a discussion of the steps taken to mitigate the impact of foreign exchange is contained in item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk in abbott's 2016 form 10-k. information on abbott's hedging arrangements is contained in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
deterioration in the economic condition and credit quality of certain countries may negatively affect abbott's results of operations.
unfavorable economic conditions in certain countries may increase the time it takes to collect outstanding trade receivables. financial instability and fiscal deficits in these countries may result in additional austerity measures to reduce costs, including health care. deterioration in the quality of sovereign debt, including credit downgrades, could increase abbott's collection risk where a significant amount of abbott's receivables in these countries are with governmental health care systems or where abbott's customers depend on payment by government health care systems.
the international nature of abbott's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline.
abbott's business is subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally. sales outside of the united states in 2016 made up approximately 70 percent of abbott's net sales. additional risks associated with abbott's international operations include:
• differing local product preferences and product requirements;
• trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
• difficulty in establishing, staffing, and managing operations;
• differing labor regulations;
• potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;
• political and economic instability, including sovereign debt issues;
• restrictions on local currency conversion and/or cash extraction;
• price controls, limitations on participation in local enterprises, expropriation, nationalization, and other governmental action;
• inflation, recession, and fluctuations in interest rates;
• compulsory licensing or diminished protection of intellectual property; and
• potential penalties or other adverse consequences for violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and other similar laws and regulations, including the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act.
14
events contemplated by these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on abbott's revenues and profitability.
other factors can have a material adverse effect on abbott's future profitability and financial condition.
many other factors can affect abbott's profitability and its financial condition, including:
• changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, product marketing application standards, product labeling, source and use laws, and environmental laws;
• differences between the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities and their actual value, particularly for pensions, retiree health care, stock compensation, intangibles, goodwill, and contingent consideration; and for contingent liabilities such as litigation, the absence of a recorded amount, or an amount recorded at the minimum, compared to the actual amount;
• changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities, and supplies), interest rates, market value of abbott's equity investments, and the performance of investments held by abbott or abbott's employee benefit trusts;
• changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with or provide services to abbott or abbott's employee benefit trusts;
• changes in business, economic, and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of future terrorist activity and related military action; global climate, extreme weather and natural disasters; widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases, the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms of labor or union activity; and pressure from third-party interest groups;
• changes in abbott's business units and investments and changes in the relative and absolute contribution of each to earnings and cash flow resulting from evolving business strategies, changing product mix, changes in tax laws or tax rates both in the u.s. and abroad and opportunities existing now or in the future;
• changes in the buying patterns of a major distributor, retailer, or wholesale customer resulting from buyer purchasing decisions, pricing, seasonality, or other factors, or other problems with licensors, suppliers, distributors, and business partners; and
• legal difficulties, any of which could preclude or delay commercialization of products or adversely affect profitability, including claims asserting statutory or regulatory violations, and adverse litigation decisions.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this form 10-k contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates, and projections. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "forecasts," variations of these words, and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. certain factors, including but not limited to those identified under "item 1a. risk factors" of this form 10-k, may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations, estimates, projections, forecasts, and from past results. no assurance can be made that any expectation, estimate, or projection contained in a forward-looking statement will be achieved or will not be affected by the factors cited above or other future events. abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as the result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.
item 1b.    unresolved staff comments none.
15
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial review abbott's revenues are derived primarily from the sale of a broad line of health care products under short-term receivable arrangements. patent protection and licenses, technological and performance features, and inclusion of abbott's products under a contract most impact which products are sold; price controls, competition and rebates most impact the net selling prices of products; and foreign currency translation impacts the measurement of net sales and costs. abbott's primary products are nutritional products, branded generic pharmaceuticals, diagnostic testing products and vascular products. sales in international markets comprise approximately 70 percent of consolidated net sales.
on january 4, 2017, abbott completed the acquisition of st. jude medical, inc. (st. jude medical), a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in abbott common shares, based on abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. as part of the acquisition, approximately $5.8 billion of st. jude medical's debt was assumed or refinanced by abbott. the transaction provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. the combined company will compete in nearly every area of the $30 billion cardiovascular market as well as in the neuromodulation market. as the acquisition of st. jude medical was completed after december 31, 2016, abbott's consolidated financial statements do not include the financial condition or the operating results of st. jude medical in any of the periods presented herein.
in september 2016, abbott announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to sell abbott medical optics (amo), its vision care business, to johnson & johnson for $4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. the decision to sell amo reflects abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. the operating results of amo have continued to be included in earnings from continuing operations as they do not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. the assets and liabilities of this business are being reported as held for disposition in abbott's consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2016.
on january 30, 2016, abbott entered into a definitive agreement to acquire alere inc. (alere), a diagnostic device and service provider, for $56.00 per common share in cash. the acquisition is subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the accuracy of alere's representations and warranties (subject to certain materiality qualifications), compliance in all material respects with alere's covenants and receipt of applicable regulatory approvals. due to a number of adverse developments that have occurred with respect to alere since the date of the agreement, abbott has filed a complaint in the delaware court of chancery seeking to terminate the acquisition agreement on the basis that alere has experienced a "material adverse effect" under the acquisition agreement and has materially breached certain of its covenants.
on february 27, 2015, abbott completed the sale of its developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business, which was previously included in the established pharmaceutical products segment, to mylan inc. for 110 million shares of mylan n.v., a newly formed entity that combined mylan's existing business with abbott's developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business. abbott retained the branded generics pharmaceuticals business and products of its established pharmaceutical products segment in emerging markets. in april 2015, abbott sold 40.25 million of its mylan n.v. ordinary shares. abbott currently owns 69.75 million mylan n.v. ordinary shares.
25
over the last three years, sales growth was driven primarily by the established pharmaceuticals, nutritional and diagnostics businesses. sales in emerging markets, which represent nearly 50 percent of total company sales, increased 6.3 percent in 2016 and 17.1 percent in 2015, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. (emerging markets include all countries except the united states, western europe, japan, canada, australia and new zealand.) over the last three years, margin improvement was driven primarily by the nutritional and diagnostics businesses. abbott expanded its operating margin by approximately 120 basis points per year in 2016 and 2015. abbott's sales, costs, and financial position over the same period were impacted by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to international currencies and a challenging economic and fiscal environment in several emerging economies.
in abbott's worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by demographics such as an aging population and an increasing rate of chronic disease in developed markets and the rise of a middle class in many emerging markets, as well as by numerous new product introductions that leveraged abbott's strong brands. in 2016, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, strong performance in several markets across latin america and southeast asia, as well as increased u.s. sales were partially offset by challenging market conditions in the chinese pediatric nutritional business. with respect to the profitability of the nutritional products business, manufacturing and distribution process changes, lower commodity costs, and other cost reductions drove margin improvements across the business over the last three years although such improvements were offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange in 2016. operating margins for this business increased from 21.0 percent in 2014 to 24.1 percent in 2016.
in abbott's worldwide diagnostics business, sales growth over the last three years reflected continued market penetration by the core laboratory business in the u.s. and china, and growth in other emerging markets, most notably in latin america. in addition, the point of care diagnostics business continued to expand its geographic presence in targeted developed and emerging markets. worldwide diagnostic sales increased 5.5 percent in 2016 and 7.3 percent in 2015, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. in 2016, abbott initiated the launch of alinity™, an integrated family of next-generation diagnostic systems and solutions which are designed to increase efficiency by running more tests in less space, generating test results faster and minimizing human errors while continuing to provide quality results. in the fourth quarter of 2016, abbott obtained ce mark for the alinity™ point of care, immunoassay, clinical chemistry, and blood screening systems and initiated the launch of these four systems in europe. over the next two years, abbott will work to obtain approval and launch alinity™ systems in multiple geographies for every area in which its diagnostics business competes.
margin improvement continued to be a key focus for the diagnostics business in 2016 although such improvements were offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange. operating margins increased from 22.9 percent of sales in 2014 to 24.8 percent in 2016 as the business continued to execute on efficiency initiatives in the manufacturing and supply chain functions.
the established pharmaceutical products segment focuses on the sale of its products in emerging markets after the sale of its developed markets business to mylan on february 27, 2015. the acquisition of cfr pharmaceuticals s.a. (cfr) in september 2014 more than doubled abbott's branded generics pharmaceutical presence in latin america and further expanded its presence in emerging markets. through the acquisition of veropharm, a leading russian pharmaceutical company in december 2014, abbott established a manufacturing footprint in russia and obtained a portfolio of medicines that is well aligned with abbott's current pharmaceutical therapeutic areas of focus. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, established pharmaceutical sales from continuing operations increased 10.5 percent in 2016 and 34.1 percent in 2015. the sales increase in 2016 was driven by double-digit growth in the brazil, russia, india and china (bric) geographies, which comprise approximately 45 percent of the sales in the established pharmaceutical products segment. excluding the impact of the 2014 acquisitions as well as the impact of foreign exchange, 2015 established pharmaceutical sales from continuing operations increased 13.4 percent.
26
in the vascular business, excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, total sales increased in the low single digits from 2014 to 2016, driven by double-digit growth in abbott's sales of its mitraclip structural heart device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation, as well endovascular franchise sales growth. these increases were partially offset by pricing pressures primarily related to drug-eluting stents (des) and lower market share for abbott's xience des franchise in certain geographies. the xience des franchise includes xience v, prime, nano, pro, prox, xpedition, and alpine. abbott has continued to develop its worldwide market-leading  xience des franchise over the last three years. abbott vascular products' latest product introduction, xience alpine, was launched in various markets across europe and asia in 2015 and 2016 and in the u.s. in late 2014. the xience franchise maintained its market-leading global position in 2016. operating margins declined from 36.5 percent in 2014 to 35.8 percent in 2016 primarily due to the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange and ongoing pricing pressures in the coronary business.
abbott's short- and long-term debt totaled $22.0 billion at december 31, 2016, which included the debt issued in anticipation of the st. jude medical acquisition. at december 31, 2016, abbott's long-term debt rating was a+ by standard and poor's corporation and a2 by moody's investors service. in conjunction with the completion of the st. jude medical acquisition on january 4, 2017, the ratings were adjusted to bbb by standard & poor's corporation and baa3 by moody's investors service.
in anticipation of the acquisition of st. jude medical, in november 2016, abbott issued $15.1 billion of long-term debt consisting of $2.85 billion at 2.35% maturing in 2019; $2.85 billion at 2.90% maturing in 2021; $1.50 billion at 3.40% maturing in 2023; $3.00 billion at 3.75% maturing in 2026; $1.65 billion at 4.75% maturing in 2036; and $3.25 billion at 4.90% maturing in 2046. in november 2016, abbott also entered into interest rate swap contracts totaling $3.0 billion related to the new debt, which have the effect of changing abbott's obligation from a fixed interest rate to a variable interest rate obligation on the related debt instruments. in march 2015, abbott issued $2.5 billion of long-term debt consisting of $750 million at 2.00% maturing in 2020; $750 million at 2.55% maturing in 2022; and $1.0 billion at 2.95% maturing in 2025. in march 2015, abbott also entered into interest rate swap contracts totaling $2.5 billion related to the debt issuance. these contracts have the effect of changing abbott's obligation from a fixed interest rate to a variable interest rate obligation. in the fourth quarter of 2014, abbott extinguished approximately $500 million of long-term debt that was assumed as part of the acquisition of cfr and incurred a charge of $18.3 million related to the early repayment of this debt.
abbott declared dividends of $1.045 per share in 2016 compared to $0.98 per share in 2015, an increase of approximately 7%. dividends paid were $1.539 billion in 2016 compared to $1.443 billion in 2015. the year-over-year change in dividends reflects the impact of the increase in the dividend rate. in december 2016, abbott increased the company's quarterly dividend to $0.265 per share from $0.26 per share, effective with the dividend paid in february 2017.
in 2017, abbott will focus on integrating st. jude medical, as well as several other key initiatives. the focus of the integration will be to combine the st. jude medical business with abbott's existing vascular business to create a best-in-class organization and to successfully deliver on new product launches that contribute to a broader, more comprehensive cardiovascular and neuromodulation portfolio. in the nutritional business, abbott will continue to build its product portfolio with the introduction of new science-based products, expand in high-growth emerging markets and implement additional margin improvement initiatives.
in the established pharmaceuticals business, abbott will continue to focus on obtaining additional product approvals across numerous countries and increasing its penetration of emerging markets. in the diagnostics business, abbott will work to launch the full alinity™ suite across europe and into additional geographies, including the u.s., over the next two years. the diagnostics business will also focus on expansion in emerging markets and further improvements in the segment's operating margin. in abbott's other segments, abbott will focus on developing differentiated technologies in higher growth markets.
27
critical accounting policies sales rebates —  in 2016, approximately 43 percent of abbott's consolidated gross revenues were subject to various forms of rebates and allowances that abbott recorded as reductions of revenues at the time of sale. most of these rebates and allowances in 2016 are in the nutritional products and diabetes care segments. abbott provides rebates to state agencies that administer the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children (wic), wholesalers, group purchasing organizations, and other government agencies and private entities. rebate amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. factors used in the rebate calculations include the identification of which products have been sold subject to a rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of a rebate. using historical trends, adjusted for current changes, abbott estimates the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when abbott records its sale of the product. settlement of the rebate generally occurs from one to six months after sale. abbott regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs. rebates and chargebacks charged against gross sales in 2016, 2015 and 2014 amounted to approximately $2.5 billion, $2.2 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively, or 22.9 percent, 21.6 percent and 20.1 percent, respectively, based on gross sales of approximately $10.7 billion, $10.3 billion and $10.3 billion, respectively, subject to rebate. a one-percentage point increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales would decrease net sales by approximately $107 million in 2016. abbott considers a one-percentage point increase to be a reasonably likely increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales. other allowances charged against gross sales were approximately $160 million, $124 million and $138 million for cash discounts in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and $242 million, $238 million and $210 million for returns in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. cash discounts are known within 15 to 30 days of sale, and therefore can be reliably estimated. returns can be reliably estimated because abbott's historical returns are low, and because sales returns terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods.
management analyzes the adequacy of ending rebate accrual balances each quarter. in the domestic nutritional business, management uses both internal and external data available to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel. management has access to several large customers' inventory management data, and for other customers, utilizes data from a third party that measures time on the retail shelf. these sources allow management to make reliable estimates of inventory in the distribution channel. except for a transition period before or after a change in the supplier for the wic business in a state, inventory in the distribution channel does not vary substantially. management also estimates the states' processing lag time based on claims data. in the wic business, the state where the sale is made, which is the determining factor for the applicable price, is reliably determinable. estimates are required for the amount of wic sales within each state where abbott has the wic business. external data sources utilized for that estimate are participant data from the u.s. department of agriculture (usda), which administers the wic program, participant data from some of the states, and internally administered market research. the usda has been making its data available for many years. internal data includes historical redemption rates and pricing data. at december 31, 2016, abbott had wic business in 31 states.
historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income. abbott employs various techniques to verify the accuracy of claims submitted to it, and where possible, works with the organizations submitting claims to gain insight into changes that might affect the rebate amounts. for government agency programs, the calculation of a rebate involves interpretations of relevant regulations, which are subject to challenge or change in interpretation.
income taxes —  abbott operates in numerous countries where its income tax returns are subject to audits and adjustments. because abbott operates globally, the nature of the audit items is often very complex, and the objectives of the government auditors can result in a tax on the same income in more than one country. abbott employs internal and external tax professionals to minimize audit adjustment
28
amounts where possible. in accordance with the accounting rules relating to the measurement of tax contingencies, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must be more likely than not of sustaining the position, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. application of these rules requires a significant amount of judgment. in the u.s., abbott's federal income tax returns through 2013 are settled. abbott does not record deferred income taxes on earnings reinvested indefinitely in foreign subsidiaries.
pension and post-employment benefits —  abbott offers pension benefits and post-employment health care to many of its employees. abbott engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under these programs. abbott must develop long-term assumptions, the most significant of which are the health care cost trend rates, discount rates and the expected return on plan assets. the discount rates used to measure liabilities were determined based on high-quality fixed income securities that match the duration of the expected retiree benefits. the health care cost trend rates represent abbott's expected annual rates of change in the cost of health care benefits and are a forward projection of health care costs as of the measurement date. a difference between the assumed rates and the actual rates, which will not be known for years, can be significant in relation to the obligations and the annual cost recorded for these programs. low interest rates have significantly increased actuarial losses for these plans. at december 31, 2016, pretax net actuarial losses and prior service costs and (credits) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for abbott's defined benefit plans and medical and dental plans were losses of $3.3 billion and $119 million, respectively. actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution periods of the employees under the corridor method, in accordance with the rules for accounting for post-employment benefits. differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual annual return are amortized over a five-year period. note 13 to the consolidated financial statements describes the impact of a one-percentage point change in the health care cost trend rate; however, there can be no certainty that a change would be limited to only one percentage point.
valuation of intangible assets —  abbott has acquired and continues to acquire significant intangible assets that abbott records at fair value at the acquisition date. transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur with some frequency between companies in the health care field and valuations are usually based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. abbott engages independent valuation experts who review abbott's critical assumptions and calculations for acquisitions of significant intangibles. abbott reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment each quarter using an undiscounted net cash flows approach. if the undiscounted cash flows of an intangible asset are less than the carrying value of an intangible asset, the intangible asset is written down to its fair value, which is usually the discounted cash flow amount. where cash flows cannot be identified for an individual asset, the review is applied at the lowest group level for which cash flows are identifiable. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which relate to in-process research and development acquired in a business combination, are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event that could result in impairment occurs. at december 31, 2016, goodwill amounted to $7.7 billion and intangibles amounted to $4.5 billion, excluding approximately $2.0 billion of goodwill and $529 million of intangibles in non-current assets held for disposition due to the pending sale of amo. amortization expense in continuing operations for intangible assets amounted to $550 million in 2016, $601 million in 2015 and $555 million in 2014. there were no impairments of goodwill in 2016, 2015 or 2014.
litigation —  abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with fasb accounting standards codification no. 450, "contingencies." under asc no. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. these estimates are often initially developed substantially earlier than the ultimate loss is known, and the estimates are refined each accounting period as additional
29
information becomes known. accordingly, abbott is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss, and therefore the minimum amount, which could be zero, is recorded. as information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss provisions. occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected. abbott estimates the range of possible loss to be from approximately $35 million to $45 million for its legal proceedings and environmental exposures. accruals of approximately $40 million have been recorded at december 31, 2016 for these proceedings and exposures. these accruals represent management's best estimate of probable loss, as defined by fasb asc no. 450, "contingencies."
results of operations sales the following table details the components of sales growth by reportable segment for the last two years:
total net sales
2016 vs. 2015         2.2           (1.1   )       5.9    (2.6   )
2015 vs. 2014         0.8           (1.1   )      10.2    (8.3   )
total u.s.
2016 vs. 2015         3.4           (2.9   )       6.3       —
2015 vs. 2014         2.2           (1.5   )       3.7       —
total international
2016 vs. 2015         1.6           (0.3   )       5.7    (3.8   )
2015 vs. 2014         0.2           (1.0   )      13.1   (11.9   )
established pharmaceutical products segment
2016 vs. 2015         3.7       3.0                7.5    (6.8   )
2015 vs. 2014        19.3       0.3               33.8   (14.8   )
nutritional products segment
2016 vs. 2015        (1.1   )       (0.4   )       1.6    (2.3   )
2015 vs. 2014         0.3              —           5.5    (5.2   )
diagnostic products segment
2016 vs. 2015         3.6           (1.2   )       6.7    (1.9   )
2015 vs. 2014        (1.6   )       (1.0   )       8.3    (8.9   )
vascular products segment
2016 vs. 2015         3.7           (5.3   )       9.8    (0.8   )
2015 vs. 2014        (6.5   )       (4.0   )       5.3    (7.8   )
the increases in total net sales in 2016 and 2015 reflect unit growth, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange. the price declines related to vascular products sales in 2016 and 2015 primarily reflect pricing pressure on drug eluting stents as a result of market competition in the u.s. and other major markets. competitive pressures in the managed medicaid and medicare segments of abbott's diabetes care business also contributed to the overall 2.9% price decline in the u.s. in 2016.
30
a comparison of significant product and product group sales is as follows. percent changes are versus the prior year and are based on unrounded numbers.
total established pharmaceuticals —
key emerging markets                        $2,912       5   %   (8   )%       13   %
other                                          947       1       (1   )         2
nutritionals —
international pediatric nutritionals         2,206      (7   )   (4   )        (3   )
u.s. pediatric nutritionals                  1,677       5        —             5
international adult nutritionals             1,724       —       (4   )         4
u.s. adult nutritionals                      1,292       1        —             1
diagnostics —
immunochemistry                              3,681       4       (2   )         6
vascular products (1) —
coronary devices                             2,186       —       (1   )         1
endovascular                                   562       8       (1   )         9
(1)
coronary devices include des / bvs product portfolio, structural heart, guidewires, balloon catheters, and other coronary products. endovascular includes vessel closure, carotid stents and other peripheral products.
total established pharmaceuticals —
key emerging markets                        $2,781       17   %   (15   )%       32   %
other                                          939       28       (12   )        40
nutritionals —
international pediatric nutritionals         2,378        1        (7   )         8
u.s. pediatric nutritionals                  1,592        4         —             4
international adult nutritionals             1,729       (2   )   (11   )         9
u.s. adult nutritionals                      1,276       (2   )     —            (2   )
diagnostics —
immunochemistry                              3,529       (2   )   (10   )         8
vascular products (2) —
coronary devices                             2,176       (7   )    (8   )         1
endovascular                                   520       (1   )    (7   )         6
(2)
coronary devices include des / bvs product portfolio, structural heart, guidewires, balloon catheters, and other coronary products. endovascular includes vessel closure, carotid stents and other peripheral products.
excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, total established pharmaceutical products sales increased 10.5 percent in 2016 and 34.1 percent in 2015. the established pharmaceutical products
31
segment is focused on several key emerging markets including india, russia, china and brazil. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales in these key emerging markets increased 13.3 percent in 2016 and 32.4 percent in 2015. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales in established pharmaceuticals' other emerging markets increased 2.0 percent in 2016 and increased 39.6 percent in 2015. the increase in 2015 includes the impact of the acquisitions of cfr pharmaceuticals in september 2014 and veropharm in december 2014. excluding sales from the acquisitions and the impact of foreign exchange, revenues increased 13.4 percent in 2015.
excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, total nutritional products sales increased 1.2 percent in 2016 and 5.5 percent in 2015. in abbott's international pediatric nutritional business, the 2016 decrease in sales was driven by challenging market conditions in china, including the impact of new food safety regulations which will require the re-registration by 2018 of all infant and toddler formulas, contributing to an oversupply of product in the market. the sales decrease in china was partially offset by continued strong performance in several markets across latin america and southeast asia. the increase in 2016 u.s. pediatric nutritional sales primarily reflects above-market performance in abbott's pediasure® toddler brand as well as recent infant product launches including similac® advance® non-gmo and similac sensitive® non-gmo.
excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, the 2016 and 2015 increases in international adult nutritional sales are due primarily to volume growth in emerging markets and continued expansion of the adult nutrition category internationally. the increase in 2016 u.s. adult nutritional revenues was driven by the growth of ensure® sales and the decrease in 2015 reflected the effects of increased competition and market dynamics in retail and institutional categories.
excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, total diagnostic products sales increased 5.5 percent in 2016 and 7.3 percent in 2015. the sales increases were primarily driven by share gains in the core laboratory and point of care markets in the u.s. and internationally. 2016 and 2015 sales of immunochemistry products, the largest category in this segment, reflect continued execution of abbott's strategy to deliver integrated solutions to large healthcare customers.
excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, total vascular products sales grew 4.5 percent in 2016 and 1.3 percent in 2015. in 2016, double-digit growth in sales of abbott's  mitraclip structural heart device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation was partially offset by lower sales of des products. the increase in the endovascular business was driven by higher supera and vessel closure sales. vascular products sales in 2016 were also favorably impacted by the resolution of previously disputed third party royalty revenue related to the prior year. excluding this royalty impact, worldwide sales of vascular products would have increased 3.4 percent in 2016. in 2015, growth of abbott's mitraclip structural heart product, its endovascular business, including the  supera peripheral stent, and the absorb bioresorbable vascular scaffold in various international markets was almost entirely offset by pricing pressures in des products.
abbott has periodically sold product rights to non-strategic products and has recorded the related gains in net sales in accordance with abbott's revenue recognition policies as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. related net sales were not significant in 2016, 2015 and 2014.
the expiration of licenses and patent protection can affect the future revenues and operating income of abbott. there are no significant patent or license expirations in the next three years that are expected to affect abbott.
operating earnings gross profit margins were 54.1 percent of net sales in 2016, 54.2 percent in 2015 and 51.7 percent in 2014. in 2016, the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange offset continued underlying margin expansion,
32
primarily in the diagnostics and nutritional segments. the improvement in 2015 reflects higher margins in the nutritional, diagnostics, and vascular products segments.
in the u.s., states receive price rebates from manufacturers of infant formula under the federally subsidized special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children. there are also rebate programs for pharmaceutical products in numerous countries. these rebate programs continue to have a negative effect on the gross profit margins of the nutritional and established pharmaceutical products segments.
research and development expense was $1.422 billion in 2016, $1.405 billion in 2015, and $1.345 billion in 2014 and represented a 1.2 percent increase in 2016, and a 4.5 percent increase in 2015. the 2016 increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to higher spending on various projects and the impairment of an in-process research and development asset related to a non-reportable segment, partially offset by lower restructuring costs in 2016. in 2016, research and development expenditures totaled $513 million for the diagnostics products segment, $259 million for the vascular products segment, $205 million for the nutritional products segment, and $137 million for the established pharmaceutical products segment.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.7 percent in 2016 and increased 3.9 percent in 2015 versus the respective prior year. the 2016 decrease reflects the favorable impact of foreign exchange, continued efforts to reduce back office costs, and lower restructuring charges compared to the prior year. the 2015 increase reflects the impact of the cfr and veropharm acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of cost improvement initiatives and the favorable impact of foreign exchange.
business acquisitions on january 4, 2017, abbott completed the acquisition of st. jude medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of abbott common stock, based on abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. as part of the acquisition, approximately $5.8 billion of st. jude medical's debt was assumed or refinanced by abbott. the transaction provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. the combined company will compete in nearly every area of the $30 billion cardiovascular market, as well as in the neuromodulation market. as the acquisition of st. jude medical was completed after december 31, 2016, abbott's consolidated financial statements do not include the financial condition or the operating results of st. jude medical in any of the periods presented herein.
under the terms of the agreement, for each st. jude medical common share, st. jude medical shareholders received $46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an abbott common share. at an abbott stock price of $39.36, which reflects the closing price on january 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $81 per st. jude medical common share and total purchase consideration of $23.6 billion. the cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in november of 2016 and a $2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility. see note 10 — debt and lines of credit for further details regarding these financing arrangements.
33
the preliminary allocation of the fair value of the st. jude medical acquisition is shown in the table below. the allocation of the fair value of the acquisition will be finalized when the valuation is completed and differences between the preliminary and final allocation could be material.
acquired intangible assets, non-deductible          $16.0
goodwill, non-deductible                            14.8
acquired net tangible assets                        3.0
deferred income taxes recorded at acquisition            (5.0   )
net debt                                                 (5.2   )
total preliminary allocation of fair value          $23.6
if the acquisition of st. jude medical had occurred at the beginning of 2016, unaudited pro forma consolidated net sales would have been approximately $26.8 billion and unaudited pro forma consolidated net earnings would have been $157 million, which includes the amortization of approximately $700 million of inventory step-up. the unaudited pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the consolidated results of operations that would have been realized had the st. jude medical acquisition been completed as of the beginning of 2016, nor is it meant to be indicative of future results of operations that the combined entity will experience.
in 2016, abbott and st. jude medical agreed to sell certain products to terumo corporation for approximately $1.12 billion. the sale includes the st. jude medical angio-seal™ and femoseal™ vascular closure products and abbott's vado® steerable sheath. the sale closed on january 20, 2017.
on january 30, 2016, abbott entered into a definitive agreement to acquire alere inc., a diagnostic device and service provider, for $56.00 per common share in cash. the acquisition is subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the accuracy of alere's representations and warranties (subject to certain materiality qualifications), compliance in all material respects with alere's covenants and receipt of applicable regulatory approvals. due to a number of adverse developments that have occurred with respect to alere since the date of the agreement, abbott has filed a complaint in the delaware court of chancery seeking to terminate the acquisition agreement on the basis that alere has experienced a "material adverse effect" under the acquisition agreement and has materially breached certain of its covenants.
in august 2015, abbott completed the acquisition of the equity of tendyne holdings, inc. (tendyne) that abbott did not already own for approximately $225 million in cash plus additional payments up to $150 million to be made upon completion of certain regulatory milestones. the acquisition of tendyne, which is focused on developing minimally invasive mitral valve replacement therapies, allows abbott to broaden its foundation in the treatment of mitral valve disease. the final allocation of the fair value of the acquisition resulted in non-deductible acquired in-process research and development of approximately $220 million, which is accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval or discontinuation, non-deductible goodwill of approximately $142 million, deferred tax assets and other net assets of approximately $18 million, deferred tax liabilities of approximately $85 million, and contingent consideration of approximately $70 million. the goodwill is identifiable to the vascular products segment.
in september 2014, abbott completed the acquisition of the controlling interest in cfr pharmaceuticals s.a. (cfr) for approximately $2.9 billion in cash ($2.8 billion net of cfr cash on hand at closing). including the assumption of approximately $570 million of debt, the total cost of the acquisition was $3.4 billion. the acquisition of cfr more than doubles abbott's branded generics pharmaceutical presence in latin america and further expands its presence in emerging markets. cfr's financial results are included in abbott's financial statements beginning on september 26, 2014, the date that abbott acquired control of this business. abbott currently owns 100% of cfr. the fair value of the non-controlling interest at the acquisition date was approximately $3 million. the acquisition was funded
34
with cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. the final allocation of the fair value of the acquisition is shown in the table below.
acquired intangible assets, non-deductible          $1.87
goodwill, non-deductible                            1.42
acquired net tangible assets                        0.03
deferred income taxes recorded at acquisition            (0.40   )
total final allocation of fair value                $2.92
acquired intangible assets consist primarily of product rights for currently marketed products and are amortized over 12 to 16 years (weighted average of 15 years). the goodwill is primarily attributable to intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. the goodwill is identifiable to the established pharmaceutical products segment. the acquired tangible assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents of approximately $94 million, trade accounts receivable of approximately $180 million, inventory of approximately $169 million, other current assets of approximately $51 million, property and equipment of approximately $210 million, and other long-term assets of approximately $145 million. assumed liabilities consist of borrowings of approximately $570 million, trade accounts payable and other current liabilities of approximately $240 million and other non-current liabilities of approximately $14 million. net sales for cfr pharmaceuticals totaled approximately $750 million in 2015.
in december 2014, abbott acquired control of veropharm, a leading russian pharmaceutical company for approximately $315 million excluding assumed debt, plus a subsequent $5 million payment related to a working capital adjustment. through this acquisition, abbott establishes a manufacturing footprint in russia and obtains a portfolio of medicines that is well aligned with abbott's current pharmaceutical therapeutic areas of focus. abbott acquired control of veropharm through its purchase of limited liability company garden hills, the holding company that owns approximately 98 percent of veropharm. including the assumption of approximately $90 million of debt and a non-controlling interest with a fair value of $5 million, the total value of the acquired business was approximately $415 million. the final allocation of the fair value of the acquisition resulted in definite-lived non-deductible intangible assets of approximately $100 million, non-deductible goodwill of approximately $140 million, and net deferred tax liabilities of approximately $25 million. non-deductible goodwill is identifiable with the established pharmaceutical products segment. additionally, abbott acquired property, plant, and equipment of approximately $150 million, accounts receivable of approximately $45 million, inventory of approximately $25 million, and net liabilities of approximately $20 million. acquired intangible assets consist of developed technology and are being amortized over 16 years. in 2015, abbott acquired the remaining shares of veropharm, increasing its ownership to 100 percent.
in december 2014, abbott completed the acquisition of topera, inc. for approximately $250 million in cash, plus additional payments up to $300 million to be made upon completion of certain regulatory and sales milestones. the acquisition of topera provides abbott a foundational entry in the electrophysiology market. the final allocation of the fair value of the acquisition resulted in non-deductible acquired in-process research and development of approximately $60 million, which is accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval or discontinuation, non-deductible definite-lived intangible assets of approximately $215 million, non-deductible goodwill of approximately $145 million, net deferred tax liabilities of approximately $80 million, and contingent consideration of approximately $90 million. the fair value of the contingent consideration was determined based on an independent appraisal. acquired intangible assets consist of developed technology and trademarks, and are being amortized over 17 years.
except for the st. jude medical acquisition, had the aggregate in each year of the above acquisitions taken place as of the beginning of the comparable prior annual reporting period, consolidated net sales and earnings would not have been significantly different from reported amounts.
35
restructurings in 2016, 2015 and 2014, abbott management approved plans to streamline operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in various abbott businesses including the nutritional, established pharmaceuticals and vascular businesses. abbott recorded employee-related severance and other charges of approximately $33 million in 2016, $95 million in 2015 and $164 million in 2014. approximately $9 million in 2016, $18 million in 2015 and $20 million in 2014 are recorded in cost of products sold, approximately $5 million in 2016, $34 million in 2015 and $53 million in 2014 are recorded in research and development and approximately $19 million in 2016, $43 million in 2015 and $91 million in 2014 are recorded in selling, general and administrative expense. additional charges of approximately $2 million in 2016, $45 million in 2015 and $39 million in 2014 were recorded primarily for accelerated depreciation.
from 2013 to 2015, abbott management approved various plans to reduce costs and improve efficiencies across various functional areas. in 2013, abbott management also approved plans to streamline certain manufacturing operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in abbott's established pharmaceuticals business. in 2012, abbott management approved plans to streamline various commercial operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in abbott's core diagnostics, established pharmaceuticals and nutritionals businesses. abbott recorded employee-related severance charges of approximately $18 million in 2016, $66 million in 2015 and $125 million in 2014. approximately $4 million in 2016, $9 million in 2015 and $7 million in 2014 are recorded in cost of products sold, approximately $2 million in 2015 and $6 million in 2014 are recorded in research and development, and approximately $14 million in 2016, $55 million in 2015 and $112 million in 2014 are recorded in selling, general and administrative expense.
interest expense and interest (income)
in 2016, interest expense increased primarily due to the amortization of bridge financing fees related to the financing of the st. jude medical acquisition, which closed on january 4, 2017, and the pending alere acquisition. interest expense in 2016 also increased due to the $15.1 billion of debt issued in november 2016. in 2015, interest expense increased due to the issuance of $2.5 billion of long-term debt during the year. in 2014, interest expense increased due to a higher level of short-term borrowings during the year. interest income increased in 2015 due to a higher return earned on short-term investments during the year.
other (income) expense, net other (income) expense, net, for 2016 includes an expense to adjust abbott's holding of mylan n.v. ordinary shares due to a decline in the fair value of the securities which is considered by abbott to be other than temporary. 2015 includes a pretax gain on the sale of a portion of the mylan n.v. shares received through the sale of the developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business and income resulting from a decrease in the fair value of contingent consideration related to a business acquisition. 2014 includes charges associated with the impairment of certain equity investments partially offset by gains on sales of investments.
net loss on extinguishment of debt in 2014, abbott extinguished approximately $500 million of long-term debt assumed as part of the cfr pharmaceuticals acquisition and incurred a cost of $18.3 million to extinguish this debt.
taxes on earnings the income tax rates on earnings from continuing operations were 24.8 percent in 2016, 18.1 percent in 2015 and 31.6 percent in 2014. in 2016, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include the impact of a net tax benefit of approximately $225 million, primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax
36
positions from prior years, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of non-deductible foreign exchange losses related to venezuela and the adjustment of the mylan n.v. equity investment as well as the recognition of deferred taxes associated with the pending sale of amo. in 2015, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include $71 million of tax expense related to gain on the disposal of shares of mylan n.v. stock. the 2015 effective tax rate includes the impact of the r&d tax credit that was made permanent in the u.s. by the protecting americans from tax hikes act of 2015. in 2014, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include $440 million of tax expense associated with a one-time repatriation of 2014 non-u.s. earnings partially offset by $125 million of tax benefits related to the resolution of various tax positions and the adjustment of tax uncertainties from prior years.
exclusive of these discrete items, tax expense was favorably impacted by lower tax rates and tax exemptions on foreign income primarily derived from operations in puerto rico, switzerland, ireland, the netherlands, and singapore. abbott benefits from a combination of favorable statutory tax rules, tax rulings, grants, and exemptions in these tax jurisdictions. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a full reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory rate.
earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, in 2016 reflects the recognition of $325 million of net tax benefits primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years. 2015 tax expense related to discontinued operations includes $667 million of tax expense on certain current-year funds earned outside of the u.s. that were not designated as permanently reinvested overseas. abbott accrued u.s. taxes on approximately $2.2 billion of 2014 earnings generated outside the u.s. in connection with a repatriation of these earnings. in addition to the $440 million of tax expense discussed above, the repatriation resulted in $82 million of additional tax expense in abbott's 2014 income from discontinued operations. abbott accelerated the utilization of deferred tax assets and therefore cash taxes due in the u.s. on this repatriation were not material.
discontinued operations on february 27, 2015, abbott completed the sale of its developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business to mylan inc. (mylan) for equity ownership of a newly formed entity (mylan n.v.) that combined mylan's existing business and abbott's developed markets pharmaceuticals business. mylan n.v. is publicly traded. historically, this business was included in abbott's established pharmaceutical products segment. at the date of the closing, the 110 million mylan n.v. shares that abbott received were valued at $5.77 billion and abbott recorded an after-tax gain on the sale of the business of approximately $1.6 billion. abbott retained its branded generics pharmaceuticals business in emerging markets. at the close of this transaction, abbott and mylan entered into a transition services agreement pursuant to which abbott and mylan are providing various back office support services to each other on an interim transitional basis. transition services may be provided for up to 2 years with certain services having been extended for an additional five to ten months. charges by abbott under this transition services agreement are recorded as a reduction of the costs to provide the respective service in the applicable expense category in the consolidated statement of earnings. this transitional support does not constitute significant continuing involvement in mylan's operations. abbott also entered into manufacturing supply agreements with mylan related to certain products, with the supply term ranging from 3 to 10 years and requiring a 2 year notice prior to termination. the cash flows associated with these transition services and manufacturing supply agreements are not expected to be significant, and therefore, these cash flows are not direct cash flows of the disposed component under accounting standards codification 205.
on february 10, 2015, abbott completed the sale of its animal health business to zoetis inc. in the first quarter of 2016, abbott received an additional $25 million of proceeds due to the expiration of a holdback agreement associated with the sale of this business and reported an after-tax gain of $16 million.
37
as a result of the disposition of the above businesses, the prior years' operating results of these businesses up to the date of sale are reported as part of discontinued operations on the earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes line in the consolidated statement of earnings. discontinued operations include an allocation of interest expense assuming a uniform ratio of consolidated debt to equity for all of abbott's historical operations.
on january 1, 2013, abbott completed the separation of abbvie inc. (abbvie), which was formed to hold abbott's research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business. abbott has received a ruling from the internal revenue service that the separation qualifies as a tax-free distribution to abbott and its u.s. shareholders for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
for a small portion of abbvie's operations, the legal transfer of abbvie's assets (net of liabilities) did not occur with the separation of abbvie on january 1, 2013 due to the time required to transfer marketing authorizations and other regulatory requirements in each of these countries. under the terms of the separation agreement with abbott, abbvie is subject to the risks and entitled to the benefits generated by these operations and assets. the majority of these operations were transferred to abbvie in 2013 and 2014. these assets and liabilities were presented as held for disposition in the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015.
abbott has retained all liabilities for all u.s. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to abbvie's business. abbvie generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business. in 2016, 2015 and 2014, discontinued operations include a favorable adjustment to tax expense of $318 million, $3 million and $166 million, respectively, as a result of the resolution of various tax positions pertaining to abbvie's operations.
the operating results of abbott's developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals and animal health businesses as well as the income tax benefit related to the businesses transferred to abbvie, which are being reported as discontinued operations are as follows:
net sales developed markets generics pharmaceuticals and animal health businesses       $—            $256          $2,076
abbvie                                                                             —             —              —
total                                                                         $—            $256          $2,076
earnings (loss) before tax developed markets generics pharmaceuticals and animal health businesses       $(4       )   $13           $505
abbvie                                                                             —             —              —
total                                                                         $(4       )   $13           $505
net earnings developed markets generics pharmaceuticals and animal health businesses       $3            $62           $397
abbvie                                                                        318           3             166
total                                                                         $321          $65           $563
38
assets and liabilities held for disposition in september 2016, abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell amo, its vision care business, to johnson & johnson for $4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. the decision to sell amo reflects abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. the operating results of amo are included in continuing operations as they do not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. for the year ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, amo's earnings before taxes were $30 million and $64 million, respectively. as a result of the pending sale of amo, the assets and liabilities of this business meet the criteria to qualify as being held for disposition at december 31, 2016.
the assets and liabilities held for disposition as of december 31, 2016 relate to amo and the assets and liabilities held for disposition as of december 31, 2015 relate to the abbvie business. the following is a summary of the assets and liabilities held for disposition:
trade receivables, net                                                                   $222              $17
total inventories                                                                        240               43
prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                51                45
current assets held for disposition                                                      513               105
net property and equipment                                                               247               1
intangible assets, net of amortization                                                   529                    —
goodwill                                                                                       1,966            —
deferred income taxes and other assets                                                   11                1
non-current assets held for disposition                                                        2,753       2
total assets held for disposition                                                        $3,266            $107
trade accounts payable                                                                   $71               $359
salaries, wages, commissions and other accrued liabilities                               174               14
current liabilities held for disposition                                                 245               373
post-employment obligations, deferred income taxes and other long-term liabilities       59                     —
total liabilities held for disposition                                                   $304              $373
research and development programs abbott currently has numerous pharmaceutical, medical devices, diagnostic and nutritional products in development.
research and development process in the established pharmaceuticals segment, the development process focuses on the geographic expansion and continuous improvement of the segment's existing products to provide benefits to patients and customers. as established pharmaceuticals does not actively pursue primary research, development usually begins with work on existing products or after the acquisition of an advanced stage licensing opportunity.
depending upon the product, the phases of development may include:
• drug product development.
39
• phase i bioequivalence studies to compare a future established pharmaceutical's brand with an already marketed compound with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient (api).
• phase ii studies to test the efficacy of benefits in a small group of patients.
• phase iii studies to broaden the testing to a wider population that reflects the actual medical use.
• phase iv and other post-marketing studies to obtain new clinical use data on existing products within approved indications.
the specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. the process may range from one year for a bioequivalence study project to 6 or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as china.
in the diagnostics segment, the phases of the research and development process include:
• discovery which focuses on identification of a product that will address a specific therapeutic area, platform, or unmet clinical need.
• concept/feasibility during which the materials and manufacturing processes are evaluated, testing may include product characterization and analysis is performed to confirm clinical utility.
• development during which extensive testing is performed to demonstrate that the product meets specified design requirements and that the design specifications conform to user needs and intended uses.
the regulatory requirements for diagnostic products vary across different countries and geographic regions. in the u.s., the fda classifies diagnostic products into classes (i, ii, or iii) and the classification determines the regulatory process for approval. while the diagnostics segment has products in all three classes, the vast majority of its products are categorized as class i or class ii. submission of a separate regulatory filing is not required for class i products. class ii devices typically require pre-market notification to the fda through a regulatory filing known as a 510(k) submission. most class iii products are subject to the fda's pre-marketing approval (pma) requirements. other class iii products, such as those used to screen blood, require the submission and approval of a biological license application (bla).
in the eu, diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which is governed by the european invitro diagnostic medical device directive, depends upon the category. certain product categories require review and approval by an independent company, known as a notified body, before the manufacturer can affix a ce mark to the product to show compliance with the directive. other products only require a self-certification process.
in the vascular segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. if the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. the development process includes evaluation and selection of a product design, completion of clinical trials to test the product's safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the u.s., vascular products are classified as class i, ii, or iii. most of abbott's vascular products are classified as class ii devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or class iii devices that are subject to the pma process.
in the eu, vascular products are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which is governed by the european medical device directive, varies by class. each product must bear a ce mark to show compliance with the directive. some products require submission of a design dossier to
40
the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to ce marking of the device. for other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the ce mark to the product. outside the u.s. and the eu, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions.
after approval and commercial launch of some vascular products, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority.
in the nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product's efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
in the u.s., the fda requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the fda's confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. for other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the fda is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. in some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
areas of focus in 2017 and beyond, abbott's significant areas of therapeutic focus will include the following:
established pharmaceuticals — abbott focuses on building country specific portfolios made up of global and local pharmaceutical brands that best meet the needs of patients in emerging markets. more than 400 development projects are active for one or several emerging markets. over the next several years, established pharmaceuticals plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of being among the first to launch new branded generic medicines for particular pharmaceutical products. in addition, established pharmaceuticals continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as creon, duphaston and influvac. depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications.
vascular — ongoing projects in the pipeline include:
•mitraclip device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation. consistent with abbott's near-term vision to grow its mitral and tricuspid valve programs, abbott continues to work on expanding the use of its mitraclip device. clinical trials for mitraclip are underway with the objective of broadening mitraclip's footprint into new key markets, and enrollment of the coapt trial (a study of safety and effectiveness of the mitraclip device in heart failure patients with functional mitral regurgitation) is projected to be completed in 2017. leveraging expertise in percutaneous leaflet coaptation, abbott is working to expand its clip-based technology to address unmet needs in tricuspid regurgitation.
• portico re-sheathable transcatheter aortic valve system u.s. clinical trial.  the objective of this clinical trial is to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the portico transcatheter heart valve and delivery systems via transfemoral and alternative delivery methods.
•thoratec momentum 3, multi-center study of maglev technology with heartmate 3™ (hm3) clinical study protocol. the objective of this clinical study is to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the hm3 left ventricular assist system (lvas) when used for the treatment of advanced,
41
refractory, left ventricular heart failure. the short term arm of the study is complete and results were presented at the american heart association in november 2016. the long term arm requires two-year patient follow-up. the hm3 is intended for use inside or outside the hospital.
• amplatzer™ amulet™ laa occluder trial.  the objective of this clinical trial is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of this device in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation. patients who are eligible for the trial will be randomized to receive either the amulet device or the commercially available watchman device and will be followed for 5 years after device implant.
• tendyne transcatheter mitral valve replacement device. this device is a self-expanding, fully retrievable and repositionable bioprosthesis with a simple and controlled deployment procedure. the trial to support ce mark began in 2016 and is projected to be completed in 2017.
•supera self-expanding nitinol stent system which was acquired as part of the acquisition of idev technologies in august 2013. with its proprietary interwoven wire technology, supera is designed based on biomimetic principles to mimic the body's natural movement. supera is available in the u.s., europe, and various countries in asia, the middle east and latin america for the treatment of blockages in blood vessels due to peripheral artery disease, with expanded size matrix approved in the u.s. abbott is developing supera's next generation delivery system.
• abbott is also developing future versions of metallic des, guide wires and balloon delivery catheters.
molecular diagnostics — various new molecular in vitro diagnostic (ivd) products and next generation instrument systems are in various stages of development and commercialization.
core laboratory diagnostics — abbott continues to commercialize its next-generation blood screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry and hematology systems, along with assays in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, oncology, as well as informatics and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories.
diabetes care — in 2016 abbott expanded on the results of its replace outcome trial (which covered type 2 diabetes patients) with the publication of the results of its impact study, which showed improved glycemic outcomes in people with type 1 diabetes using the freestyle libre system. the freestyle libre system eliminates the need for routine finger sticks by reading glucose levels through a sensor that can be worn on the back of the upper arm for up to 14 days. it also requires no finger sticks for calibration. in 2014, abbott attained the ce mark in europe for the freestyle libre system. in 2016, abbott launched two apps in europe for freestyle libre: librelink, which enables people with diabetes to access glucose data directly from their freestyle libre sensor on their android smartphones and librelinkup, a caregiver app for remotely monitoring glucose values. in the u.s., in the third quarter of 2016 abbott received fda approval for freestyle libre pro, which is designed to be used by healthcare professionals in a clinic setting, and submitted the pma for a consumer version of freestyle libre.
nutritionals — abbott is focusing its research and development spend on platforms that span the pediatric, adult and performance nutrition areas: gastro intestinal/immunity health, brain health, mobility and metabolism, and user experience platforms. numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are expected to be launched over the coming years.
given the diversity of abbott's business, its intention to remain a broad-based healthcare company and the numerous sources for potential future growth, no individual project is expected to be material to cash flows or results of operations over the next five years. factors considered included research and development expenses projected to be incurred for the project over the next year relative to abbott's total research and development expenses as well as qualitative factors, such as marketplace perceptions and
42
impact of a new product on abbott's overall market position. there were no delays in abbott's 2016 research and development activities that are expected to have a material impact on operations.
while the aggregate cost to complete the numerous projects currently in development is expected to be material, the total cost to complete will depend upon abbott's ability to successfully complete each project, the rate at which each project advances, and the ultimate timing for completion. given the potential for significant delays and the high rate of failure inherent in the development of pharmaceutical, medical device and diagnostic products and technologies, it is not possible to accurately estimate the total cost to complete all projects currently in development. abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending that will be competitive in each of the businesses in which it participates, and such spending is expected to approximate 7.5 percent of total abbott sales in 2017. abbott does not regularly accumulate or make management decisions based on the total expenses incurred for a particular development phase in a given period.
goodwill at december 31, 2016, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $7.7 billion. goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs, using a quantitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. the income and market approaches are used to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit. the results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value.
financial condition cash flow net cash from operating activities amounted to $3.2 billion, $3.0 billion and $3.7 billion in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase in net cash from operating activities in 2016 reflects additional focus on the management of working capital. the decrease in net cash from operating activities in 2015 was due in large part to the divestiture of the developed market established pharmaceuticals business in february 2015, as well as an increase in contributions to defined benefit plans in 2015. the income tax component of operating cash flow in 2016, 2015 and 2014 includes $550 million, $70 million and $268 million, respectively, of non-cash tax benefits primarily related to the favorable resolution of various tax positions pertaining to prior years; 2015 reflects the non-cash impact of approximately $1.1 billion of tax expense associated with the gain on sale of businesses.
the foreign currency loss related to venezuela reduced abbott's cash by approximately $410 million in 2016 and is included in the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents line within the consolidated statement of cash flows. future fluctuations in the strength of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies are not expected to materially impact abbott's liquidity.
excluding the proceeds from the november 2016 long-term debt issuance, over 85% of the cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2016 is considered reinvested indefinitely in foreign subsidiaries. abbott does not expect such reinvestment to affect its liquidity and capital resources. if these funds were needed for operations in the u.s., abbott may be required to accrue and pay u.s. income taxes to repatriate these funds. abbott believes that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to support its assumption that the disclosed amount of undistributed earnings at december 31, 2016 can be considered to be reinvested indefinitely.
abbott funded $582 million in 2016, $579 million in 2015 and $393 million in 2014 to defined benefit pension plans. abbott expects pension funding of approximately $364 million in 2017 for its pension plans, of which approximately $270 million relates to its main domestic pension plan. abbott expects annual cash flow from operating activities to continue to exceed abbott's capital expenditures and cash dividends.
43
debt and capital at december 31, 2016, abbott's long-term debt rating was a+ by standard & poor's corporation and a2 by moody's investors service. in conjunction with the completion of the st. jude medical acquisition on january 4, 2017, the ratings were adjusted to bbb by standard & poor's corporation and baa3 by moody's investors service. abbott expects to maintain an investment grade rating. abbott has readily available financial resources, including unused lines of credit of $5.0 billion which expire in 2019 and that support commercial paper borrowing arrangements.
in november 2016, abbott issued $15.1 billion of medium and long-term debt to primarily fund the cash portion of the acquisition of st. jude medical. abbott issued $2.85 billion of 2.35% senior notes due november 22, 2019; $2.85 billion of 2.90% senior notes due november 30, 2021; $1.50 billion of 3.40% senior notes due november 30, 2023; $3.00 billion of 3.75% senior notes due november 30, 2026; $1.65 billion of 4.75% senior notes due november 30, 2036; and $3.25 billion of 4.90% senior notes due november 30, 2046. in november 2016, abbott also entered into interest rate swap contracts totaling $3.0 billion related to the new debt; the swaps have the effect of changing abbott's obligation from a fixed interest rate to a variable interest rate obligation on the related debt instruments.
in april 2016, abbott obtained a commitment for a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility for an amount not to exceed $17.2 billion, comprised of $15.2 billion for a 364-day bridge loan and $2.0 billion for a 120-day bridge loan to provide financing for the acquisition of st. jude medical. the $15.2 billion component of the commitment terminated in november 2016 when abbott issued the $15.1 billion of long-term debt. in december 2016, abbott formalized the $2.0 billion component and entered into a 120-day bridge term loan facility that provided abbott the ability to borrow up to $2.0 billion on an unsecured basis to partially fund the st. jude medical acquisition. on january 4, 2017, abbott borrowed $2.0 billion under this facility, of which $1.2 billion had been repaid as of january 31, 2017.
in february 2016, abbott obtained a commitment for a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility for an amount not to exceed $9 billion in conjunction with its pending acquisition of alere. this commitment was automatically extended for up to 90 days on january 29, 2017.
in march 2015, abbott issued $2.5 billion of long-term debt consisting of $750 million of 2.00% senior notes due march 15, 2020; $750 million of 2.55% senior notes due march 15, 2022; and $1.0 billion of 2.95% senior notes due march 15, 2025. proceeds from this debt were used to pay down short-term borrowings. in march 2015, abbott also entered into interest rate swap contracts totaling $2.5 billion. these contracts have the effect of changing abbott's obligation from a fixed interest rate to a variable interest rate obligation.
in 2014, abbott redeemed approximately $500 million of long-term notes that were assumed as part of the acquisition of cfr pharmaceuticals.
in september 2014, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of abbott's common shares from time to time. the 2014 authorization was in addition to the $512 million unused portion of a previous program announced in june 2013. in 2016, abbott repurchased 10.4 million shares at a cost of $408 million under the program authorized in 2014. in 2015, abbott repurchased 11.3 million shares at a cost of $512 million under the unused portion of the 2013 authorization and 36.2 million shares at a cost of $1.7 billion under the program authorized in 2014 for a total of 47.5 million shares at a cost of $2.2 billion. in 2014, abbott repurchased 54.6 million shares at a cost of $2.1 billion under the program announced in june 2013.
on april 27, 2016, the board of directors authorized the issuance and sale for general corporate purposes of up to 75 million common shares that would result in proceeds of up to $3 billion. no shares have been issued under this authorization.
44
abbott declared dividends of $1.045 per share in 2016 compared to $0.98 per share in 2015, an increase of approximately 7%. dividends paid were $1.539 billion in 2016 compared to $1.443 billion in 2015. the year-over-year change in dividends reflects the impact of the increase in the dividend rate.
working capital working capital was $20.1 billion at december 31, 2016 and $5.0 billion at december 31, 2015. the increase in working capital in 2016 was due to a $13.6 billion increase in cash and cash equivalents and a $1.8 billion reduction in short-term borrowings, resulting from the proceeds from the long-term debt issued in november 2016 as well as cash generated from operating activities. on january 4, 2017, approximately $13.6 billion of the $18.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2016 was used to fund the cash portion of the acquisition of st. jude medical.
substantially all of abbott's trade receivables in italy, spain, portugal, and greece are with governmental health systems. the collection of outstanding receivables in these countries was stable in 2015 and 2016. governmental receivables in these four countries accounted for less than 1 percent of abbott's total assets in both years and 6 percent of total net trade receivables as of december 31, 2016, down from 7 percent as of december 31, 2015.
with the exception of greece, abbott historically has collected almost all of the outstanding receivables in these countries. abbott continues to monitor the credit worthiness of customers located in these and other geographic areas and establishes an allowance against a trade receivable when it is probable that the balance will not be collected. in addition to closely monitoring economic conditions and budgetary and other fiscal developments in these countries, abbott regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. abbott also monitors the potential for and periodically has utilized factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a material amount of total outstanding receivables. if government funding were to become unavailable in these countries or if significant adverse changes in their reimbursement practices were to occur, abbott may not be able to collect the entire balance.
venezuela operations since january 2010, venezuela has been designated as a highly inflationary economy under u.s. gaap. in 2014 and 2015, the government of venezuela operated multiple mechanisms to exchange bolivars into u.s. dollars. these mechanisms included the cencoex, sicad, and simadi rates, which stood at 6.3, 13.5, and approximately 200, respectively, at december 31, 2015. in 2015, abbott continued to use the cencoex rate of 6.3 venezuelan bolivars to the u.s. dollar to report the results, financial position, and cash flows related to its operations in venezuela since abbott continued to qualify for this exchange rate to pay for the import of various products into venezuela.
on february 17, 2016, the venezuelan government announced that the three-tier exchange rate system would be reduced to two rates renamed the dipro and dicom rates. the dipro rate is the official rate for food and medicine imports and was adjusted from 6.3 to 10 bolivars per u.s. dollar. the dicom rate is a floating market rate published daily by the venezuelan central bank, which at the end of the first quarter of 2016 was approximately 263 bolivars per u.s. dollar. as a result of decreasing government approvals to convert bolivars to u.s. dollars to pay for intercompany accounts, as well as the accelerating deterioration of economic conditions in the country, abbott concluded that it was appropriate to move to the dicom rate at the end of the first quarter of 2016. as a result, abbott recorded a foreign currency exchange loss of $480 million in 2016 to revalue its net monetary assets in venezuela. abbott is continuing to use the dicom rate to report the results of operations and to remeasure net monetary assets for venezuela at the end of each quarter. as of december 31, 2016, abbott's venezuelan operations represented approximately 0.1% of abbott's consolidated assets and any additional foreign currency losses related to venezuela are not expected to be material.
45
capital expenditures capital expenditures of $1.1 billion in 2016, 2015 and 2014 were principally for upgrading and expanding manufacturing and research and development facilities and equipment in various segments, investments in information technology, and laboratory instruments placed with customers.
contractual obligations the table below summarizes abbott's estimated contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016.
long-term debt, including current maturities       $20,914            $3                     $3,801       $4,198            $12,912
interest on debt obligations                             11,234       789                     1,536             1,275             7,634
operating lease obligations                        778                145                       234       141               258
capitalized auto lease obligations                 40                 13                         27             —                 —
purchase commitments (a)                                 1,353              1,294                46       12                1
other long-term liabilities                              1,431              —                   784       449               198
total (b)                                          $35,750            $2,244                 $6,428       $6,075            $21,003
(a)
purchase commitments are for purchases made in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital expenditure requirements.
(b)
net unrecognized tax benefits totaling approximately $560 million are excluded from the table above as abbott is unable to reasonably estimate the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities on such items. see note 14 — taxes on earnings from continuing operations for further details. the company has employee benefit obligations consisting of pensions and other post-employment benefits, including medical and life, which have been excluded from the table. a discussion of the company's pension and post-retirement plans, including funding matters is included in note 13 — post-employment benefits.
contingent obligations abbott has periodically entered into agreements with other companies in the ordinary course of business, such as assignment of product rights, which has resulted in abbott becoming secondarily liable for obligations that abbott was previously primarily liable. since abbott no longer maintains a business relationship with the other parties, abbott is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these obligations. based upon past experience, the likelihood of payments under these agreements is remote. in addition, abbott periodically acquires a business or product rights in which abbott agrees to pay contingent consideration based on attaining certain thresholds or based on the occurrence of certain events.
legislative issues abbott's primary markets are highly competitive and subject to substantial government regulations throughout the world. abbott expects debate to continue over the availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care products and services. it is not possible to predict the extent to which abbott or the health care industry in general might be adversely affected by these factors in the future. a more complete discussion of these factors is contained in item 1, business, and item 1a, risk factors.
46
recently issued accounting standards in october 2016, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) 2016-16,  income taxes (topic 740): intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory, which requires the recognition of the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers of assets, other than inventory, in the period in which the transfer occurs. the standard becomes effective for abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2018 and early adoption is permitted. abbott is currently evaluating the impact asu 2016-16 will have on its consolidated financial statements.
in march 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting. asu 2016-09 modifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes and classification on the statement of cash flows. the standard becomes effective for abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2017. abbott does not anticipate that the new guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. abbott cannot predict the impact on its consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods following adoption as this will be dependent upon various factors including the number of shares issued and changes in the price of its shares.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases, which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for most leases on the balance sheet. the standard becomes effective for abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2019 and early adoption is permitted. adoption requires application of the new guidance for all periods presented. abbott is currently evaluating the impact the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.
in january 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-01, financial instruments — recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, which provides new guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial assets and liabilities. the standard becomes effective for abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2018 and early adoption is permitted. abbott is currently evaluating the effect, if any, that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
in may 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-07, fair value measurement (topic 820): disclosures for investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent), which removes the requirement to categorize in the fair value hierarchy all investments measured at net asset value per share using the practical expedient. this guidance is effective for public business entities for years beginning after december 15, 2015. abbott has adopted this guidance as of december 31, 2016, and has applied it on a retrospective basis. the adoption of asu 2015-07 only impacted the form and content of the basis of fair value measurement disclosures related to the assets associated with the defined benefit and medical and dental plans and did not have an impact on abbott's consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, which provides a single comprehensive model for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers and will supersede most existing revenue recognition guidance. the standard becomes effective for abbott in the first quarter of 2018. abbott is continuing to evaluate the effect that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures including the areas of variable consideration and new disclosure requirements. abbott will continue to monitor additional modifications, clarifications or interpretations undertaken by the fasb that may impact abbott's current conclusions. abbott is currently expecting to use the modified retrospective method to adopt this standard.
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 — a caution concerning forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, abbott cautions investors that any forward-looking statements or projections made by abbott, including those made in this document, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect abbott's operations are discussed in item 1a, risk factors.
47