AbbVie uses its expertise, dedicated people, and unique approach to innovation to develop and market advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases. The company intends to execute its strategy and advance its mission by leveraging AbbVie's commercial strength and international infrastructure across therapeutic areas and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches. AbbVie’s strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of a diversified revenue base, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. The company's financial performance in 2023 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $54.3 billion, operating earnings of $12.8 billion, and cash flows from operations of $22.8 billion. AbbVie continues to pursue strategies to maintain broad formulary access of its products and manage the impact of biosimilar erosion. Research and innovation are the cornerstones of AbbVie’s business as a global biopharmaceutical company, with the long-term success depending on its ability to discover and develop innovative products and collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. AbbVie’s pipeline currently includes approximately 90 compounds, devices, or indications in development, with a focus on important specialties such as immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience, and eye care. The company expects to achieve its strategic objectives through revenue growth driven by increasing market share and successful integration of acquisitions. AbbVie anticipates several regulatory submissions and data readouts from key clinical trials in the next 12 months, which are critical for advancing its pipeline and enhancing its market position. The company’s financial results reflected continued funding to support all stages of AbbVie’s pipeline assets and continued investment in AbbVie’s on-market brands. The effective income tax rates differed from the statutory tax rate due to the impact of foreign operations with lower income tax rates, changes in fair value of contingent consideration, tax credits, and incentives. AbbVie’s ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected by material declines in demand for the company's products or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions. The company monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers, and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad. AbbVie regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances and establishes an allowance for credit losses equal to the estimate of future losses over the contractual life of outstanding accounts receivable. The company’s stock repurchase authorization permits purchases of AbbVie shares from time to time in open-market or private transactions at management's discretion, reflecting AbbVie’s commitment to returning value to shareholders. The company enters into collaborative, licensing, and other arrangements with third parties that may require future milestone payments contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, or commercial milestones, which signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is more likely to generate future cash flows from product sales. AbbVie’s strategic management practices focus on leveraging its technology capabilities and resources to enhance operational efficiency and support its business objectives.