The following discussion includes results of operations and financial condition for the fiscal year ended October 28, 2023, and the fiscal year ended October 29, 2022, with year-over-year comparisons. Revenue increased 2% in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to broad-based demand for products sold into the industrial end market, particularly in aerospace and defense and instrumentation, as well as the automotive end market. The increase in gross margin percentage was partially offset by lower utilization of factories due to decreasing customer demand during fiscal 2023. We expect to continue the development of innovative technologies and processes for new products, which we view as critical to our future growth. Our research and development expenses decreased primarily as a result of lower employee-related variable compensation expenses, partially offset by higher salary and benefit expenses. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with existing products and to provide innovative new product offerings. The Q4 2023 plan, consisting of voluntary and involuntary reductions-in-force and other cost-saving initiatives, was commenced to adjust our cost structure and business activities to better align with weaker market demand and continued economic uncertainty in our end markets, as well as make certain strategic shifts in our workforce necessary to achieve our long-term vision. Our cash and cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments, and we believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, and dividend payments in the immediate future and for at least the next twelve months. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by reviewing available funds held by our foreign subsidiaries and the cost-effectiveness by which those funds can be accessed in the United States. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2023 was primarily a result of higher net income adjusted for noncash items. The increase in cash used for investing activities was primarily due to an increase in cash used for capital expenditures, which reflects our commitment to enhancing our global resiliency. We expect capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 to be between approximately $600.0 million and $800.0 million. Our common stock repurchase program has been in place since August 2004, and future repurchases will depend on our financial position, results of operations, outlook, liquidity, and other factors deemed relevant. The company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers, and we recognize revenue when all performance obligations have been satisfied. The estimation of costs at completion of a contract is subject to numerous variables involving contract costs and estimates as to the length of time to complete the contract. We employ a variety of methodologies to determine the net realizable value of inventory, and changes in inventory levels, obsolescence of technology, and product life cycles may require adjustments to existing inventories. We review property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of assets may not be recoverable. Goodwill is subject to impairment tests annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances suggest that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. We assess the likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets and record a corresponding valuation allowance as necessary. In the ordinary course of global business, various claims, charges, and litigation are asserted against us, and we periodically assess each matter to determine if a contingent liability should be recorded.