Management's discussion and analysis indicates that our significant investments in research, development, and engineering must generally enable us to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. We work closely with our global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. The semiconductor systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips, and spending on capital equipment is driven by demand for electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive electronics, storage, and other products. Our strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding our served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing our services business. Demand for applied global services' solutions are driven by our large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems, and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. Our future operating results depend to a considerable extent on our ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products we provide. We believe that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of our customers' most advanced designs. The increases in research, development, and engineering expenses during fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 were primarily due to additional headcount, higher depreciation expense, and consumable and equipment costs associated with ongoing product development. Our applied global services net sales in fiscal 2023 increased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to an increase in sales associated with long-term service agreements and higher customer spending on legacy systems. The timing of customer investment in manufacturing equipment is also affected by the timing of next-generation process development and the timing of capacity expansion to meet end-market demand. We have maintained and intend to continue our commitment to investing in research, development, and engineering in order to continue to offer new products and technologies. Our results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, 5G networks, smart vehicles, and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. Our long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. We believe that our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The semiconductor systems segment continued to represent the largest contributor of net sales, with net sales in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 increasing primarily due to continued customer investment in semiconductor equipment, partially offset by the reduction in customer investment in display manufacturing equipment. Our significant investments in technology must enable us to respond to changing business needs and directions, highlighting the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.