Amgen's approach to and investment in human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We accomplished these objectives while maintaining a strategic and disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must grow sales from existing and new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses from when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. Additionally, ongoing geopolitical conflicts continue to create additional uncertainty in global macroeconomic conditions. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. Our compensation, benefits and development programs are designed to encourage performance, promote accountability and adherence to company values, and align with the interests of the company's shareholders. We are continuously monitoring the possible impacts from health-related events, including changes from new COVID-19 variants; we are working to mitigate effects on future study enrollment in our clinical trials. We remain focused on supporting our active clinical sites in their providing care for patients and in our providing investigational drug supply. Our product sales were affected by reduced demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the cumulative decrease in diagnoses over the course of the pandemic suppressed the volume of new patients starting treatment, which continues to impact the business. Given the unpredictable nature of future virus surges, there could be similar intermittent disruptions in the future in physician-patient interactions. We are obligated to make payments for operating leases, including rental commitments on abandoned leases and leases that have not yet commenced. We have material cash requirements to pay third parties under various contractual obligations discussed below. We are a vertically integrated enterprise with operations in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Our pretax income is therefore attributed to domestic or foreign sources based on the operations performed and risks assumed in each location and the tax laws and principles of the respective taxing jurisdictions. Our operations are subject to the tax laws, regulations and administrative practices of the United States, the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, U.S. state jurisdictions and other countries in which we do business. Significant changes in these rules could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We evaluate, on a quarterly basis, developments in legal proceedings and other matters that could cause an increase or decrease in the amount of the liability that has been accrued previously. We believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and sufficient for any assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns. We have recorded liabilities for uncertain tax benefits that, because of their nature, have a high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payment and other events that extinguish these liabilities. The acquisition date fair values of contingent consideration obligations incurred or assumed in the acquisitions were determined using a combination of valuation techniques. We believe the fair values used to record intangible assets acquired and contingent consideration obligations incurred in connection with business combinations and asset acquisitions are based on reasonable estimates and assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related valuation dates.