During 2023, Danaher made significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources, particularly in high-growth markets, in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations. The company operates in a highly competitive business environment, and its long-term growth and profitability will depend on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and market segments, identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, and develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins. The company monitors key competitors and customers to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future, facing a variety of opportunities and challenges, including rapid technological development, particularly with respect to computing, automation, artificial intelligence, mobile connectivity, communications, and digitization. The company believes that reporting non-GAAP financial measures, such as core sales, provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends and facilitating comparisons of revenue performance. The company's businesses perform credit evaluations of their customers' financial conditions as deemed appropriate and also obtain collateral or other security when deemed appropriate. The company assesses its liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating, investing, and financing activities, relying primarily on borrowings under its commercial paper program to address liquidity requirements that exceed the capacity provided by its operating cash flows and cash on hand. The company expects capital expenditures to be at similar levels as those of the past three years as it continues investments in increased manufacturing capacity and supports other growth opportunities. The company has classified approximately $1.0 billion of its borrowings under the euro-denominated commercial paper program as long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheet, as it has the intent and ability to refinance these borrowings for at least one year from the balance sheet date. The company also anticipates following the same approach in the future regarding liquidity requirements. The company’s strategic objectives and methodologies for delivering long-term shareholder value are influenced by its ability to effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment and to improve operational efficiency and quality. The company’s operations are affected by worldwide, regional, and industry-specific economic, political, and geopolitical factors, and its individual businesses are tasked with monitoring market dynamics and responding to competitive actions. The company’s investments in information technology systems and infrastructure are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency, supporting business innovation, and improving customer relationships, thereby reinforcing its competitive positioning in the market. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is critical in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company recognizes that the effective management of its information technology capabilities is essential for achieving its organizational goals and enhancing its overall performance.