Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Much of our future success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain, and develop highly skilled employees in a highly competitive talent environment. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We operate in industries that are experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties. We implement additional security measures, and we continue to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures, including sharing information regarding suspicious activity. We received ISO 27001 certification for a portion of our systems, and we continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. The most important financial indicators that we use to assess our business are revenue growth for the company as a whole and for each reportable segment; operating income growth for the company as a whole; earnings per share; and cash flow from operations. We also track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth and, when material, identify them in the applicable discussions of segment results. Our total service and other revenue was $12.4 billion, or 86% of our total revenue in fiscal 2023, and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. We believe that an understanding of industry trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2023, as well as our future prospects. Artificial intelligence (AI) is transforming multiple industries, including financial technology. Disruptive start-ups, emerging ecosystems, and mega-platforms are harnessing new technology to create personalized experiences, deliver data-driven insights, and increase speed of service. These shifts are creating a more dynamic and highly competitive environment where customer expectations are shifting around the world as more services become digitized and the array of choices continues to increase. We derive our revenue primarily from the sale of online services such as tax, accounting, payroll, merchant payment processing services, delivery of qualified links, marketing automation, customer relationship management, and packaged desktop software products and desktop software subscriptions. Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services. In determining how revenue should be recognized, a five-step process is used, which requires judgment and estimates within the revenue recognition process. The primary judgments include identifying the performance obligations in the contract and determining whether the performance obligations are distinct. If any of these judgments were to change, it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue we report in a particular period. We estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. We test for potential impairment of goodwill annually in our fourth fiscal quarter or whenever indicators of impairment arise.