Management believes that both IT and investors benefit from referring to the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems in assessing performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. The installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems also facilitate management's internal comparisons of historical performance. The vast majority of installed systems are connected via the internet, and system logs can be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. We utilize this information as well as other information from agreements and discussions with customers that involve estimates and judgments, which are subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. Estimates and judgments for determining the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems may be impacted over time by various factors, including system internet connectivity, hospital and distributor reporting behavior, and inherent complexities in new agreements. Management believes that the number and type of procedures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding performance, as they are indicators of the rate of adoption of robotic-assisted medical procedures as well as indicators of future recurring revenue. The adoption of robotic-assisted surgery using the da Vinci surgical system has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers. Our da Vinci surgical systems are used primarily in general, urologic, gynecologic, cardiothoracic, and head and neck surgeries. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training products and services for procedures in which da Vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economical solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, pricing, competition, market and consumer acceptance, the effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, the management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. We are also highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. The loss of critical members of our team, or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, could significantly harm our operations, business, and ability to compete. We believe that these factors have contributed to a softening in our U.S. capital pipeline, and we expect that demand for capital, particularly in the U.S., will continue to be impacted while macroeconomic conditions remain challenging. Our systems and instruments are regulated independently in various countries and regions of the world. The relationship between the number and type of procedures and our revenues may fluctuate from period to period, and procedure volume growth may not correspond to an increase in revenue. The increase in instruments and accessories revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily driven by approximately 22% higher da Vinci procedure volume and higher pricing, partially offset by customer buying patterns. We expect revenue from lease buyouts to fluctuate period to period depending on the timing of when, and if, customers choose to exercise buyout options embedded in their leases.