We are focused on enhancing our digital infrastructure and increasing efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business. Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the current needs of our customers and the future requirements of 21st-century security. We aim to integrate new and existing systems across all domains with advanced, open-architecture networking and operational technologies to make defense forces more agile, adaptive, and unpredictable. Key to enabling the success of our strategy is developing differentiating technologies and forging strategic partnerships, including with commercial companies. We invest substantially in our people to ensure that our workforce has the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally in innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. Our business segments are engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products, and services, which include cybersecurity services. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers, which is accomplished in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses, investments, and ventures at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. Our international business is conducted either by foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. government or by direct commercial sales to international customers, and we continue to focus on strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We are engaged in significant classified development programs and expect to begin the transition from development to production over the next few years. Our operational flexibility is supported by our ability to evaluate our portfolio and make strategic acquisitions or divestitures as appropriate. We also continue to evaluate the impact of supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, and macroeconomic conditions on our business and financial performance. Our ongoing efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the cost competitiveness and affordability of our products and services may offset cost increases from inflation. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services, with a significant portion of our sales derived from long-term contracts with the U.S. government. We monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. Our capital expenditures for information technology support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software that are capitalized. We believe our cash and cash equivalents, our expected cash flow generated from operations, and our access to credit markets will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements and cash deployment plans over the next twelve months and beyond based on our current business plans.