Persistent macroeconomic pressures impacted our DIY customer demand in fiscal 2023, particularly in bigger-ticket purchases. Despite lumber deflation, we generated positive pro customer comparable sales for the year, supported by the investments we have made in our pro customer offerings. Our omnichannel investments enabled improved technology capabilities across our stores, as well as an enhanced customer experience. We believe we are well-positioned to execute our strategic plan. Our focus will remain on making the right investments in our total home strategy while executing on our perpetual productivity improvement initiatives through the near-term market uncertainty to drive meaningful long-term shareholder value. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. We may adjust our capital expenditures, if necessary or appropriate, to support our operations, to enhance long-term strategic positioning, or in response to the economic environment. Cash flows provided by operating activities continued to provide the primary source of our liquidity. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended February 2, 2024, compared to the year ended February 3, 2023, was primarily due to timing of income tax payments and lower net earnings adjusted for non-cash expenses, partially offset by other changes in working capital. Our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, is limited to $2 million per occurrence involving workers' compensation, $10 million per occurrence involving general liability, product liability, and automobile liability. Our impairment evaluations require us to apply judgment in determining whether a triggering event has occurred, including the evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed or an asset will be otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. We also apply judgment in estimating asset fair values, including the selection of an appropriate discount rate for fair values determined using an income approach. The selected market participants represent a group of other retailers with a market footprint similar in size to ours. Our focus on technology capabilities is reflected in our strategic plan, which emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The core demand drivers of our business that we track are disposable personal income, home price appreciation, and the age of the housing stock. Trends such as millennial household formation, elderly preference to age in place, and a persistence of remote work support the home improvement market. Our technology investments are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and improving customer relationships, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in the evolving market landscape. Our strategic resource allocation is designed to support long-term growth and enhance our operational flexibility in response to market dynamics. We believe these sources of liquidity will continue to support our business for the next twelve months. Our ongoing share repurchase program, authorized by the company's board of directors, is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions. The company's methods of determining non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the method used by other companies and may not be comparable.