The memory and storage industry environment deteriorated sharply in the fourth quarter of 2022 and throughout 2023 due to weak demand in many end markets combined with global and macroeconomic challenges and lower demand resulting from customer actions to reduce inventory levels. This led to significant reductions in average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND and bit shipments for DRAM, resulting in declines in revenue across all business segments and nearly all end markets. Given the challenging pricing environment, elevated levels of inventories for suppliers and customers, and significant supply-demand mismatch, we expect industry profitability will remain challenged into 2024. We expect wafer starts will remain significantly below peak capacity levels for the foreseeable future as we remain focused on managing down our inventories and controlling our supply. We have also taken significant steps to reduce our costs and operating expenses, including implementing productivity programs across the business. The impact of the China Cyberspace Administration decision has particularly affected our business in the domestic data center and networking markets in China. Although demand for DRAM and NAND is improving, the CAC decision continues to impact our revenue opportunity in China. We are working to mitigate this impact over time and expect quarter-to-quarter revenue variability. Our revenue with companies headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, including direct sales as well as indirect sales through distributors, is approximately a quarter of our worldwide revenue and remains our principal exposure to the CAC decision. We initiated a restructure plan in response to challenging industry conditions, expecting our headcount reduction to approach 15% by the end of calendar 2023. In connection with the plan, we incurred restructure charges primarily related to employee severance costs. We expect to realize cost savings subsequent to 2023. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities, and equipment, and R&D. We estimate capital expenditures in 2024 for property, plant, and equipment to be slightly above $7 billion. Following the enactment of the CHIPS Act in 2022, we announced plans to invest in two leading-edge memory manufacturing fabs in the United States, contingent on CHIPS Act support through grants and investment tax credits. We are also advancing our global back-end assembly and test network to support our product portfolio and extend our ability to deliver on global customer demand in the future. We intend to make investments at our backend facility in Xi'an, China, including a new building to provide space to add more product capability. Our board of directors has authorized the discretionary repurchase of up to $10 billion of our outstanding common stock through various means. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies, and significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment based on technology node transitions, capital spending, and equipment re-use rates. The estimate of future cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require significant judgment, including future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets.