Nike continues to invest in a new enterprise resource planning platform, data and analytics, demand sensing, insight gathering, and other areas to create an end-to-end technology foundation, which we believe will further accelerate our digital transformation. We believe this unified approach will accelerate growth and unlock more efficiency for our business, while driving speed and responsiveness as we serve consumers globally. Our strategy is to achieve long-term revenue growth by creating innovative, "must-have" products, building deep personal consumer connections with our brands and delivering compelling consumer experiences through digital platforms and at retail. The strategic pricing actions we have taken partially offset the impacts of higher product input, freight and logistics costs negatively impacting gross margin for fiscal 2023. Throughout fiscal 2023, we took action to reduce excess inventory by decreasing future inventory purchases and increasing promotional activity. The operating environment could remain volatile in fiscal 2024 as the risk exists that worsening macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our future revenue growth as well as overall profitability. Our fiscal 2023 growth in revenues reflects strong demand for our products despite ongoing uncertainty in the global economy. We will continue to closely monitor macroeconomic conditions, including potential impacts of inflation and rising interest rates on consumer behavior. We are focused on creating the marketplace of the future with more premium, consistent and seamless consumer experiences, leading with digital and our owned stores, as well as select wholesale partners. Our product creation and marketing organizations are aligned to a consumer construct focused on sports dimensions through men's, women's and kids', which allows us to better serve consumer needs. We estimate the combination of the translation of foreign currency-denominated profits from our international businesses and the year-over-year change in foreign currency-related gains and losses included in other (income) expense, net had an unfavorable impact on our income before income taxes of $1,023 million for fiscal 2023. As a global company with significant operations outside the United States, we are exposed to risk arising from foreign currency exchange rates. Our foreign exchange risk management program is intended to lessen both the positive and negative effects of currency fluctuations on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We manage these exposures by taking advantage of natural offsets and currency correlations existing within the portfolio and, where practical and material, by hedging a portion of the remaining exposures using derivative instruments such as forward contracts and options. We continue to invest in our infrastructure to support future growth, specifically focused around digital capabilities, our end-to-end technology foundation, our corporate facilities and improvements across our supply chain. The increase in operating overhead expense was primarily due to higher wage-related costs and higher Nike direct variable costs, in part due to new store additions. Demand creation expense increased primarily due to higher sports marketing expense and an increase in digital marketing. Our strategy emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The impacts of closing transactions related to our distributor partnership transition within APLA are included within corporate and are not reflected in the APLA operating segment results. We expect consolidated Nike, Inc. and Asia Pacific & Latin America revenue growth will be reduced due to different commercial terms.