Servicenow was founded on a simple premise: to make work flow better. Our intelligent platform, the Now Platform, is a cloud-based solution with embedded artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities that helps global enterprises across industries, universities, and governments unify and digitize their workflows. The Now Platform automates workflows across an entire enterprise by connecting disparate departments, systems, and silos in a seamless way to unlock productivity and improve experiences for both employees and customers. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the Now Platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their C-suite, employees, and consumers. Our subscription revenues are primarily comprised of fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service for both self-hosted offerings and cloud-based subscription offerings, and related standard and enhanced support and updates, if any, to the subscription service during the subscription term. We derive our revenues predominantly from subscription revenues, which are primarily comprised of subscription fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service, related support, and updates during the subscription term. Our contracts with customers typically include a fixed amount of consideration and are generally non-cancellable and without any refund-type provisions. We have generated positive operating cash flows for more than ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy, and we expect to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations during 2024. Our capital expenditures are typically under cancellable arrangements primarily used to support the installed base and growth of our hosted business. We will continue to incur incremental costs to attract customers in regulated markets by adopting public cloud offerings as well as increased support for customers impacted by new and evolving data residency requirements. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2024, to increase in absolute dollars and remain relatively flat as a percentage of revenue as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. Our expectations for revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses for the year ending December 31, 2024, are based on the 31-day average of foreign exchange rates for December 31, 2023. We are closely monitoring the unfolding events of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the current armed conflict in Israel and the Gaza Strip. While these events are still evolving and the outcome remains highly uncertain, we do not believe the conflicts will have a material impact on our business and results of operations. However, if the conflicts continue or worsen, leading to greater global economic disruptions and uncertainty, our business and results of operations could be materially impacted. Our customers in these regions represented an immaterial portion of our net assets and total consolidated revenues both as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022. We have policy restrictions on the types of securities that can be purchased as part of our available-for-sale debt securities portfolio. These restrictions take industry and company concentration limits into consideration among other things. Furthermore, the majority of our non-marketable equity investments do not have material relationships with any one financial institution, and therefore, we believe that our exposure to loss is immaterial. We will continue to monitor the direct and indirect impact of macroeconomic events on our business and financial results. Our renewal rate was 98% for each of the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. The increase in customer agreements for the fourth quarter is primarily a result of both large enterprise account buying patterns typical in the software industry, which are driven primarily by the expiration of annual authorized budgeted expenditures, and the terms of our commission plans, which incentivize our direct sales organization to meet their annual quotas by December 31.