Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Technology is also a key enabler. Through the third year of our positive agriculture outcomes accelerator, we invested in a variety of practical advancements with farmers across the globe, including weather stations in Pakistan, on-farm water analysis in Iraq, and sprinkler irrigation systems in Colombia. We are focused on reducing virgin plastic through new launches of bottles made with recycled plastic in India and the United Arab Emirates, while also expanding paper options, such as our Quaker pots and Walkers multipacks in the United Kingdom. We are also making progress on our diversity, equity, and inclusion journey around the world. Our operations see "item 1. business" for information on our divisions and a description of our distribution network, ingredients and other supplies, brands and intellectual property rights, seasonality, customers, competition, research and development, regulatory matters, and human capital. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our direct-to-consumer business, and distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We leverage an integrated risk management framework. The Pepsico Risk Committee (PRC) meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize, and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational, and other risks. The PRC is also responsible for reporting progress on our risk mitigation efforts to the board and designated committees. The board receives periodic updates from external experts and advisers on global macroeconomic trends and conditions that may impact the company's strategy and financial performance, including geopolitical conflicts, economic instability, labor market trends, changing consumer behavior, retail disruption, and digitalization. We regularly evaluate productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plan and other initiatives discussed above. We expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $3.65 billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $2.9 billion. Our technology management strategy includes the use of actively managed accounts and is reviewed periodically in conjunction with plan obligations, an evaluation of market conditions, tolerance for risk, and cash requirements for benefit payments. Our investment policy also permits the use of derivative instruments, such as futures and forward contracts, to reduce interest rate and foreign currency risks. We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy; foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions. In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange, and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs, and hedging. We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Our global purchasing programs include fixed-price contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements. We have continued developing new solutions, such as fertilizer produced from green hydrogen through a partnership with Fertiberia in Spain, aiming to reduce emissions by 15% in potato crops. The ongoing conflict could result in the temporary or permanent loss of assets, including the nationalization or expropriation of assets, result in additional impairment charges, or significantly affect our ability to manage our operations in these markets which could result in the deconsolidation of such businesses.