We are evolving our portfolio for the long term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. This investment includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. Following the combination and the progress in 2023 toward integrating the Swedish Match business into the existing PMI regional segment structure, we will update our segment reporting by including Swedish Match results in the four existing geographical segments. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. In addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("RRPs"). RRPs is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. Our RRPs are SFPS that contain and/or generate far lower quantities of harmful and potentially harmful constituents than found in cigarette smoke. The Swedish Match acquisition is a key milestone in PMI's transformation to becoming a smoke-free company. By joining forces with Swedish Match, we expect to accelerate the achievement of our joint smoke-free ambitions, switching more adults who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes to better alternatives faster than either company could achieve separately. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2023, from the comparable 2022 amounts, were as follows: diluted EPS % change for the year ended December 31, 2022. We continue commercial activities in select locations where safety allows, in order to provide product availability and service to adult consumers, and supply the market from production centers outside Ukraine, as well as through a contract manufacturing arrangement. The settlement also allows each party to innovate and introduce product iterations. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. The increase was partly offset by lower fees for certain distribution rights billed to customers in certain markets and a charge to net revenues in 2023 following the termination of a distribution arrangement in the Middle East. These developments above have and will continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in impairment charges. Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 175 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. Our cost of sales consists principally of tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor and manufacturing costs; shipping and handling costs; and the cost of devices produced by third-party electronics manufacturing service providers. We have a range of RRPs in various stages of development, scientific assessment and commercialization. Our smoke-free products were available for sale in 84 markets. In 2021, we laid the foundation for our long-term growth ambitions beyond nicotine in wellness and healthcare, including the milestone acquisitions of Vectura Group plc and Fertin Pharma A/S, which provide essential capabilities for future product development.