Technology is the foundation of our company, and we make our investments with an eye towards long-term strengthening and leveraging of our competitive advantages. Our strategy to maximize long-term free cash flow per share growth has three elements: a great business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products, discipline in allocating capital to the best opportunities, and efficiency, which means constantly striving for more output for every dollar spent. We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets us apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations, underscoring the strength of our business model, the quality of our product portfolio, and the benefit of 300mm production. We invested $3.69 billion in R&D and SG&A, invested $5.07 billion in capital expenditures, and returned $4.85 billion to shareholders. We continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity planning, and our capital expenditures are expected to continue to be higher than historical levels. Our segments represent groups of similar products combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes, and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products, and we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling our products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best long-term growth opportunities. Our cash flow from operations of $6.42 billion reflects our operational efficiency, while free cash flow was $1.35 billion, representing 7.7% of revenue. We expect to receive the cash benefit associated with the investment tax credit for qualifying capital expenditures in future periods, and we have submitted applications for the manufacturing grants provided by the U.S. Chips and Science Act. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our results of operations provide details of our financial results for 2023 and 2022, and we have seen fluctuations in revenue primarily due to changes in customer demand, evidenced by fluctuations in shipment volumes. Our operating profit was $7.33 billion, or 41.8% of revenue, compared with $10.14 billion, or 50.6% of revenue. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. We also consider our accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment. The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. We strive for more output for every dollar spent, and our investments are aimed at enhancing our operational capabilities and ensuring that we remain competitive in the market.