We continue to enhance customer engagement through combining our network with digital capabilities and to invest in the most attractive parts of the market, including healthcare, Asia trade lanes, and small- and medium-sized businesses. These initiatives, together with continued growth in our digital access program and deployment of our smart package smart facility technology within U.S. small package operations, are intended to allow us to reach new markets and customers, and better serve our current customer base. We are taking action intended to right-size our business for the future and focus on key enablers of growth. These moves include exploring strategic alternatives for our truckload brokerage business and reducing headcount through our "fit to serve" initiative to create a more efficient operating model and enhance responsiveness to changing market dynamics. Our ongoing investments in our digital capabilities and network automation are critical in transforming our operations and enhancing our IT capabilities. We expect to incur higher depreciation and amortization expense in 2024 as a result of our recent acquisitions and our continuing investments in network enhancement projects and other technology initiatives. The impact of acquiring MNX Global Logistics during the fourth quarter of 2023 was largely offset by declines in our distribution and post-sales operations. We anticipate continued growth in our digital businesses during 2024 as we continue to execute on our strategy. Our digital transformation initiatives are designed to enhance operational efficiency and improve customer value through better information management and technology deployment. We expect our capital expenditures will be approximately $4.5 billion in 2024, of which approximately 50 percent will be allocated to network enhancement projects and other technology initiatives. Our investment program anticipates investments in technology initiatives and enhanced network capabilities, including over $1.0 billion of projects to support our environmental sustainability goals in 2024. We believe that these positions, expected cash from operations, access to commercial paper programs, and capital markets will be adequate to fund our material short- and long-term cash requirements, including our business operations, planned capital expenditures, anticipated pension contributions, potential acquisitions, debt obligations, and planned shareholder returns. We expect market conditions will improve during 2024, leading to increases in our purchased transportation costs, particularly for airfreight. Our technology investments are aimed at enhancing our operational flexibility and improving our market responsiveness. The overall decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to lower compensation expense due to a reduction in direct labor hours resulting from volume declines, as well as the impact of incentive compensation program design changes implemented in the fourth quarter of 2022. We expect volume growth in 2024 to be aligned with overall market growth, driven by our strategic resource allocation and capability enhancement initiatives. Our strategic management practices are focused on leveraging our IT resources to support business needs and enhance organizational capabilities. The challenges posed by macroeconomic headwinds and changes in consumer behavior necessitate a robust IT architecture that can adapt to shifting market dynamics and facilitate process optimization. We continue to monitor the impact of business performance, our determination of strategic alternatives, and external factors on the valuation assumptions for our trade name and other intangible assets.