Visa is a global payments technology company that facilitates global commerce and money movement across more than 200 countries and territories among a global set of consumers, merchants, financial institutions, and government entities through innovative technologies. We provide transaction processing services (primarily authorization, clearing, and settlement) to our financial institution and merchant clients through Visanet, our proprietary advanced transaction processing network. We offer products, solutions, and services that facilitate secure, reliable, and efficient money movement for all participants in the ecosystem. Our net revenues are primarily generated from payments volume on Visa products for purchased goods and services, as well as the number of transactions processed on our network. Payments volume is the primary driver for our service revenues, and the number of processed transactions is the primary driver for our data processing revenues. Data processing revenues increased primarily due to 10% growth in processed transactions, select pricing modifications, and growth in value-added services. Our strategy to invest in future growth, including acquisitions, reflects our commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities. In June 2023, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Pismo Holdings, a cloud-native issuer processing and core banking platform, which will enhance our technology resources and operational efficiency. We continuously monitor and manage balance sheet and operational risks from clients in our portfolio, including their settlement obligations. Our investment portfolio is designed to invest cash in securities which enables us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs. Our technology infrastructure supports our operational flexibility and enhances our ability to respond to market dynamics. We maintain and regularly review global settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. The continuing effects of the liquidity issues at certain financial institutions and the war in Ukraine are difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties. Our personnel expenses increased primarily due to a higher number of employees and compensation, reflecting our strategy to invest in future growth. We have established policies and control procedures which seek to ensure that estimates and assumptions are appropriately governed and applied consistently from period to period. Our judgments are subjective and based on a number of factors, including management's understanding of the legal or regulatory profile and the specifics of each proceeding, our history with similar matters, advice of internal and external legal counsel, and management's best estimate of incurred loss. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact to our business from external influences, including regulatory developments and market conditions. Our operational capabilities are supported by our IT governance, which emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The acquisition of Pismo is expected to enhance our technology capabilities and support our business transformation efforts, enabling us to maintain a competitive advantage in the evolving payments landscape.