We are a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, with a focus on specialty markets. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of causal human biology and the science of therapeutics to discover and develop innovative medicines. This approach includes advancing multiple compounds or therapies from each program, spanning multiple modalities, into early clinical trials to obtain patient data that can inform selection of the most promising therapies for later-stage development, as well as to inform discovery and development efforts. We aim to rapidly follow our first-in-class therapies that achieve proof-of-concept with potential best-in-class candidates to provide durable clinical and commercial success. To supplement our internal research programs, we acquire technologies and programs and collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, government laboratories, foundations, and other organizations, as needed, to advance research in our areas of therapeutic interest and to access technologies needed to execute on our strategy. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies, frequently evaluating our product development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials and to manufacture and distribute our product candidates for clinical trials. The processes for cell and genetic therapies can be more complex than those required for small molecule drugs and require additional investments in different systems, equipment, facilities, and expertise. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. Our business also requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. We dedicate substantial management and other resources to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. We plan to continue to engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations, along with government health programs, to ensure that payors recognize the significant benefits that our therapies provide and provide patients with appropriate levels of access to our medicines and therapies now and in the future. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis and increasing the number of people with cystic fibrosis eligible and able to receive our medicines, including through label expansions, expanded reimbursement, and the development of new medicines. We continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our products and product candidates, and we expect our development expenses to continue to increase due to our advancing pipeline programs.