item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to promote an understanding of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements that appear elsewhere in this form 10-k. this section discusses the results of operations for fiscal 2022 compared to 2021. for similar operating and financial data and discussion of our fiscal 2021 results compared to our fiscal 2020 results, refer to item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" under part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, which was filed with the sec on november 18, 2021.
the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. factors that could cause or contribute to any differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under the caption "forward-looking statements" and under item 1a, "risk factors."
consolidated net cash provided by operating activities was $561.8 million in fiscal 2022 and $534.4 million in fiscal 2021, and cash provided by our homebuilding operations was $1.9 billion in fiscal 2022 compared to $1.2 billion in fiscal 2021. in fiscal 2022, our return on equity (roe) was 34.5% compared to 31.6% in fiscal 2021, and our homebuilding return on inventory (roi) was 42.8% compared to 37.9%. roe is calculated as net income attributable to d.r. horton for the year divided by average stockholders' equity, where average stockholders' equity is the sum of ending stockholders' equity balances of the trailing five quarters divided by five. homebuilding roi is calculated as homebuilding pre-tax income for the year divided by average inventory, where average inventory is the sum of ending homebuilding inventory balances for the trailing five quarters divided by five.
during the first half of fiscal 2022 and for most of the third quarter, demand for our homes remained strong. in june 2022, we began to see a moderation in housing demand that persisted through the end of our fiscal year as mortgage interest rates increased substantially and inflationary pressures remained elevated. the supply of homes at affordable price points remains limited across most of our markets, and disruptions in the supply chains for certain building materials and tightness in the labor market have caused our construction cycle to lengthen. although these pressures may persist for some time, we believe we are well-positioned to meet these changing market conditions with our affordable product offerings and lot supply, and we will manage our home pricing, sales incentives and number of homes in inventory based on the level of homebuyer demand.
within our homebuilding land and lot portfolio, our lots controlled through purchase contracts represent 77% of the lots owned and controlled at september 30, 2022 compared to 76% at september 30, 2021. our relationship with forestar and expanded relationships with other land developers across the country have allowed us to significantly increase the controlled portion of our lot pipeline over the past few years.
we believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. we plan to continue to generate strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations and manage our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments in each of our communities based on local housing market conditions.
strategy our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position to maximize the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions. our strategy remains consistent and includes the following initiatives:
•maintaining a significant cash balance and strong overall liquidity position while controlling our level of debt.
•offering new home communities that appeal to a broad range of entry-level, move-up, active adult and luxury homebuyers based on consumer demand in each market.
•modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability.
•delivering high quality homes and a positive experience to our customers both during and after the sale.
•continuing to seek opportunities to expand the portion of our land and finished lots controlled through purchase contracts with forestar and other land developers.
•improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales and other key operational activities.
•ensuring that our financial services business provides high quality mortgage and title services to homebuyers efficiently and effectively.
•investing in the construction and leasing of single-family and multi-family rental properties to meet rental demand in high growth suburban markets and selling these properties profitably.
•opportunistically evaluating potential acquisitions to enhance our operating platform.
we believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions and maintain our strong financial performance and competitive position. however, we cannot provide any assurances that the initiatives listed above will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust parts of our strategy to meet future market conditions.
•homebuilding debt to total capital was 13.2% compared to 17.8%, and net homebuilding debt to total capital was 4.4% compared to 1.7%.
•forestar's owned and controlled lots totaled 90,100 compared to 97,000. of these lots, 36,700 were under contract to sell to or subject to a right of first offer with d.r. horton compared to 39,200.
•forestar's debt to total capital was 37.1% compared to 41.0%, and forestar's net debt to total capital was 26.9% compared to 35.2%.
•multi-family rental units closed totaled 775 compared to 959.
•stockholders' equity was $19.4 billion compared to $14.9 billion.
•debt to total capital was 23.8% compared to 26.7%, and net debt to total capital was 15.4% compared to 12.9%.
results of operations - homebuilding our operating segments are our 78 homebuilding divisions, our majority-owned forestar residential lot development operations, our financial services operations, our rental operations and our other business activities. the homebuilding operating segments are aggregated into six reporting segments. these reporting segments, which we also refer to as reporting regions, have homebuilding operations located in the following states:
(1)net sales orders represent the number and dollar value of new sales contracts executed with customers (gross sales orders), net of cancelled sales orders.
during the first half of fiscal 2022 and for most of the third quarter, demand for our homes remained strong. we restricted our sales order pace during the year in most of our communities to match our longer construction cycles, which have resulted from disruptions in the supply chains for certain building materials and tightness in the labor market. in june 2022, we began to see a moderation in housing demand that persisted through the end of our fiscal year as mortgage interest rates increased substantially and inflationary pressures remained elevated. our net sales order volume decreased 15% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 compared to the prior year quarter, and the average selling price of net sales orders declined by 4% sequentially in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. although these pressures may persist for some time, we believe we are well-positioned to meet these changing market conditions with our affordable product offerings.
in regions with a decrease in sales order volume, the markets contributing most to the decreases were: the arizona and california markets in the southwest; the austin market in the south central; the louisiana markets in the southeast; and the atlanta market in the east. in the north region, the markets contributing most to the increase in sales order volume were the chicago, indianapolis, new jersey and iowa markets.
the number of homes closed in 2022 increased 1% from 2021. in regions with an increase in closings volume, the markets contributing most to the increases were: the dallas market in the south central and the chicago and new jersey markets in the north. in regions with a decrease in closings volume, the markets contributing most to the decreases were: the seattle market in the northwest and the orlando market in the southeast.
gross profit - home sales                                        28.7     %                          25.5     %
gross profit - land/lot sales and other                          36.3     %                          25.1     %
gross profit - total homebuilding                                28.5     %                          25.4     %
home sales gross profit gross profit from home sales increased to $9.1 billion in 2022 from $6.8 billion in 2021 and increased 320 basis points to 28.7% as a percentage of home sales revenues. the percentage increase resulted from improvements of 340 basis points due to the average selling price of our homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes, partially offset by increased warranty and construction defect costs of 20 basis points.
we remain focused on managing the pricing, incentives and sales pace in each of our communities to optimize the returns on our inventory investments and adjust to local market conditions and new home demand. to adjust to market conditions, we increased our use of incentives in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, and our home sales gross profit margin declined sequentially by 180 basis points from 30.1% in the third quarter to 28.3% in the fourth quarter. during fiscal 2023, we expect to continue offering a higher level of incentives and also expect our average sales price to decrease, which will cause our gross profit margins to decline from current levels.
land/lot sales and other revenues land/lot sales and other revenues from our homebuilding operations were $61.4 million and $75.0 million in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. we continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. we generally purchase land and lots with the intent to build and sell homes on them. however, some of the land that we purchase includes commercially zoned parcels that we may sell to commercial developers. we may also sell residential lots or land parcels to manage our supply or for other strategic reasons. as of september 30, 2022, our homebuilding operations had $29.4 million of land held for sale that we expect to sell in the next twelve months.
inventory and land option charges at the end of each quarter, we review the performance and outlook for all of our communities and land inventories for indicators of potential impairment and perform detailed impairment evaluations and analyses when necessary. as a result of these reviews, there were no impairments recorded in our homebuilding segment during the three months ended september 30, 2022 or during fiscal 2022. there were $5.6 million of homebuilding impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2021.
as we manage our inventory investments across our operating markets to optimize returns and cash flows, we may modify our pricing and incentives, construction and development plans or land sale strategies in individual active communities and land held for development, which could result in the affected communities being evaluated for potential impairment. if the housing market or economic conditions are adversely affected for a prolonged period, we may be required to evaluate additional communities for potential impairment. these evaluations could result in impairment charges, which could be significant.
during fiscal 2022 and 2021, earnest money and pre-acquisition cost write-offs related to land purchase contracts that we have terminated or expect to terminate were $57.2 million and $19.3 million, respectively.
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense sg&a expense from homebuilding activities increased 12% to $2.2 billion in fiscal 2022 from $1.9 billion in fiscal 2021. sg&a expense as a percentage of homebuilding revenues was 6.8% and 7.3% in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively.
interest incurred we capitalize interest costs incurred to inventory during active development and construction (active inventory). capitalized interest is charged to cost of sales as the related inventory is delivered to the buyer. interest incurred by our homebuilding operations was $110.7 million and $93.6 million in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. interest charged to cost of sales was 0.6% and 0.7% of total cost of sales (excluding inventory and land option charges) in those years.
other income other income, net of other expenses, included in our homebuilding operations was $16.4 million in fiscal 2022 compared to $10.3 million in fiscal 2021. other income consists of interest income and various other types of ancillary income, gains, expenses and losses not directly associated with sales of homes, land and lots. the activities that result in this ancillary income are not significant, either individually or in the aggregate.
(1)expenses maintained at the corporate level consist primarily of interest and property taxes, which are capitalized and amortized to cost of sales or expensed directly, and the expenses related to operating our corporate office. the amortization of capitalized interest and property taxes is allocated to each segment based on the segment's cost of sales, while expenses associated with the corporate office are allocated to each segment based on the segment's inventory balances.
northwest region - homebuilding revenues increased 6% in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021, due to increases in the average selling price of homes closed in all markets, partially offset by a decrease in the number of homes closed in our seattle and portland markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $560.8 million in 2022 compared to $510.8 million in 2021. gross profit from home sales as a percentage of home sales revenue (home sales gross profit percentage) increased by 130 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses increased by 10 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021.
southwest region - homebuilding revenues increased 19% in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to increases in the average selling price of homes closed in all markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $968.3 million in 2022 compared to $653.1 million in 2021. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 330 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 70 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
south central region - homebuilding revenues increased 34% in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to increases in the average selling price of homes closed in all markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $1.9 billion in 2022 compared to $1.2 billion in 2021. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 370 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 80 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
southeast region - homebuilding revenues increased 12% in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021, due to increases in the average selling price of homes closed in all markets, partially offset by a decrease in the number of homes closed. the region generated pre-tax income of $1.9 billion in 2022 compared to $1.4 billion in 2021. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 440 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 30 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
east region - homebuilding revenues increased 19% in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021, due to increases in the average selling price of homes closed in all markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $1.1 billion in 2022 compared to $795.1 million in 2021. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 300 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 40 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
north region - homebuilding revenues increased 27% in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021, due to increases in the average selling price and the number of homes closed in all markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $456.3 million in 2022 compared to $331.7 million in 2021. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 120 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 20 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
homebuilding inventories, land and lot position and homes in inventory we routinely enter into contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. at the time of purchase, the undeveloped land is generally vested with the rights to begin development or construction work, and we plan and coordinate the development of our land into residential lots for use in our homebuilding business. we manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory.
(1)corporate and unallocated inventory consists primarily of capitalized interest and property taxes.
our land and lot position and homes in inventory at september 30, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows:
(2)the total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at september 30, 2022 and 2021 was $19.7 billion and $15.5 billion, respectively, secured by earnest money deposits of $1.6 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively. the total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at september 30, 2022 and 2021 included $1.4 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, related to lot purchase contracts with forestar, secured by $131.7 million and $151.0 million, respectively, of earnest money. our lots controlled under land and lot purchase contracts include approximately 4,077 lots at september 30, 2022, representing lots controlled under contracts for which we do not expect to exercise our option to purchase the land or lots, but the underlying contracts have yet to be terminated. we have reserved the deposits related to these contracts if the deposits are not refundable.
results of operations - forestar in fiscal 2018, we acquired 75% of the outstanding shares of forestar and at september 30, 2022, we owned 63% of its outstanding shares. forestar is a publicly traded residential lot development company with operations in 53 markets across 21 states as of september 30, 2022. forestar's segment results are presented on their historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. (see note b to the accompanying financial statements for additional forestar segment information.)
sg&a expense for fiscal 2022 and 2021 included charges of $4.1 million and $4.0 million, respectively, related to the shared services agreement between forestar and d.r. horton whereby d.r. horton provides forestar with certain administrative, compliance, operational and procurement services.
loss on extinguishment of debt of $18.1 million in fiscal 2021 was due to forestar's redemption of its $350 million principal amount of 8.0% senior notes due 2024 in may 2021.
at september 30, 2022, forestar owned directly or controlled through land and lot purchase contracts approximately 90,100 residential lots, of which 5,500 are fully developed. approximately 36,700 of these lots are under contract to sell to d.r. horton or subject to a right of first offer under the master supply agreement with d.r. horton, and 1,400 of these lots are under contract to sell to other builders.
results of operations - financial services the following tables and related discussion set forth key operating and financial data for our financial services operations, comprising dhi mortgage and our subsidiary title companies, for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021.
title policy premiums                                                                177.6                       152.8                        16    %
mortgage loan activity the volume of loans originated by our mortgage operations is directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. in fiscal 2022, the volume of first-lien loans originated or brokered by dhi mortgage for our homebuyers increased 5% from the prior year due to an increase in the percentage of homes closed for which dhi mortgage handled our homebuyers' financing.
homes closed by our homebuilding operations constituted 98% of dhi mortgage loan originations in both fiscal 2022 and 2021. this percentage reflects dhi mortgage's consistent focus on the captive business provided by our homebuilding operations.
the number of loans sold increased 4% in fiscal 2022 compared to the prior year. virtually all of the mortgage loans held for sale on september 30, 2022 were eligible for sale to fannie mae, freddie mac or ginnie mae. during fiscal 2022, approximately 62% of our mortgage loans were sold directly to fannie mae, freddie mac or into securities backed by ginnie mae, and 30% were sold to one other major financial entity. changes in market conditions could result in a greater concentration of our mortgage sales in future periods to fewer financial entities and directly to fannie mae, freddie mac or ginnie mae, and we may need to make other adjustments to our mortgage operations.
financial services revenues and expenses revenues from our mortgage operations decreased 8% to $617.4 million in fiscal 2022 from $670.8 million in fiscal 2021, primarily due to a more competitive environment in the mortgage industry due to rising interest rates. revenues from our title operations increased 16% to $177.6 million in fiscal 2022 from $152.8 million in fiscal 2021, primarily due to an increase in the average premium collected on closing transactions from higher sales prices of homes closed by our homebuilding operations, as well as expansion of our title insurance operations.
results of operations - rental our rental segment consists of multi-family and single-family rental operations. the multi-family rental operations develop, construct, lease and sell residential rental properties, with a primary focus on constructing garden style multi-family rental communities typically accommodating 200 to 400 dwelling units in high growth suburban markets. the single-family rental operations primarily construct and lease single-family homes within a community and then market each community for a bulk sale of rental homes. multi-family and single-family rental property sales are recognized as revenues, and rental income is recognized as other income. results of operations for the rental segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
during fiscal 2022, we sold 775 multi-family rental units for $195.5 million compared to 959 units sold for $191.9 million in fiscal 2021. at september 30, 2022, we had multi-family rental properties consisting of 5,810 units under active construction and 300 units that were substantially complete and in the lease-up phase. at september 30, 2021, we had multi-family rental properties consisting of 4,340 units under active construction and 350 units that were substantially complete and in the lease-up phase.
results of operations - other businesses in addition to our homebuilding, forestar, financial services and rental operations, we engage in other business activities through our subsidiaries. we conduct insurance-related operations, own water rights and other water-related assets, own non-residential real estate including ranch land and improvements and own and operate energy-related assets. the pre-tax income of all of our subsidiaries engaged in other business activities was $58.1 million in fiscal 2022 compared to $32.7 million in fiscal 2021.
income taxes our income tax expense was $1.7 billion and $1.2 billion in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, and our effective tax rate was 22.7% and 21.8% in those years. the effective tax rates for both years include an expense for state income taxes and tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and federal energy efficient homes tax credits.
the federal energy efficient homes tax credit was retroactively extended to qualifying homes closed from january 1, 2022 through december 31, 2032 as a result of the enactment of the inflation reduction act (ira) that was signed into law on august 16, 2022. beginning with homes closed after december 31, 2022, the requirements to qualify for the energy efficient homes tax credit will be increased. we are currently analyzing the impact of the increased requirements on our ability to qualify homes for the credit. other tax related provisions of the ira, including the corporate alternative minimum tax, had no material impact on our financial statements and are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements in the future.
our deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, were $159.0 million at september 30, 2022 compared to $159.5 million at september 30, 2021. we have a valuation allowance of $17.9 million and $4.2 million at september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to deferred tax assets for state net operating loss (nol), state capital loss and tax credit carryforwards that are expected to expire before being realized. of the $17.9 million valuation allowance, $15.8 million relates to state nol, state capital loss and tax credit carryforwards acquired in the vidler acquisition. we will continue to evaluate both the positive and negative evidence in determining the need for a valuation allowance with respect to our remaining state nol, state capital loss and tax credit carryforwards. any reversal of the valuation allowance in future periods will impact our effective tax rate.
we have $30.9 million of tax benefits for a federal nol carryforward acquired in the vidler acquisition. the utilization of the federal nol is subject to irc section 382 limitations; however, it is expected that all of the federal nol will be utilized within the carryforward period. d.r. horton has $12.0 million of tax benefits for state nol carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction. of the total amount, $4.3 million of the tax benefits expire over the next ten years and the remaining $7.7 million expire from fiscal years 2033 to 2042. forestar has $1.2 million of tax benefits for state nol carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction.
the accounting for deferred taxes is based upon estimates of future results. differences between the anticipated and actual outcomes of these future results could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. also, changes in existing federal and state tax laws and tax rates could affect future tax results and the valuation of our deferred tax assets.
unrecognized tax benefits are the differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefits recognized in our financial statements. our unrecognized tax benefits totaled $2.9 million at both september 30, 2022 and 2021.
d.r. horton is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. the statute of limitations for d.r. horton's major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for fiscal years 2018 through 2022. an audit by the internal revenue service of a federal refund claim related to the retroactive extension of energy efficient homes tax credits for fiscal 2018 and additional energy efficient tax credits for fiscal 2017 was completed during the current fiscal year with no material adjustments. d.r. horton is under audit by various states; however, we are not aware of any significant findings by the state taxing authorities.
forestar is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. the statute of limitations for forestar's federal income tax remains open for examination for tax years 2019 through 2022. the statute of limitations for forestar's major state tax jurisdictions generally remain open for examination for tax years 2017 through 2022. forestar is not currently under audit for federal or state income taxes.
capital resources and liquidity we have historically funded our operations with cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under bank credit facilities and the issuance of new debt securities. our current levels of cash, borrowing capacity and balance sheet leverage provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions.
we have continued to increase our investments in homebuilding inventories and single-family and multi-family rental properties to expand our operations and grow our revenues and profitability. we are also returning capital to our shareholders through dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock. we are maintaining significant homebuilding cash balances and liquidity to support the increased scale and level of activity in our business and to provide flexibility to adjust to changing conditions and opportunities.
at september 30, 2022, we had outstanding notes payable with varying maturities totaling an aggregate principal amount of $6.1 billion, of which $2.5 billion is payable within 12 months and includes $1.6 billion outstanding under the mortgage repurchase facility. future interest payments associated with the notes total $507.6 million, of which $215.8 million is payable within 12 months.
at september 30, 2022, our ratio of debt to total capital (notes payable divided by stockholders' equity plus notes payable) was 23.8% compared to 26.7% at september 30, 2021. our net debt to total capital (notes payable net of cash divided by stockholders' equity plus notes payable net of cash) was 15.4% at september 30, 2022 compared to 12.9% at september 30, 2021. at september 30, 2022, our ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital (homebuilding notes payable divided by stockholders' equity plus homebuilding notes payable) was 13.2% compared to 17.8% at september 30, 2021. our net homebuilding debt to total capital (homebuilding notes payable net of cash divided by stockholders' equity plus homebuilding notes payable net of cash) was 4.4% at september 30, 2022 compared to 1.7% at september 30, 2021. over the long term, we intend to maintain our ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital below 30%, and we expect it to remain significantly lower than 30% throughout fiscal 2023. we believe that the ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital is useful in understanding the leverage employed in our homebuilding operations and comparing our capital structure with other homebuilders. we exclude the debt of forestar, drh rental and our financial services business because they are separately capitalized and not guaranteed by our parent company or any of our homebuilding entities.
at september 30, 2022, we had outstanding letters of credit of $273.3 million and surety bonds of $2.8 billion, issued by third parties to secure performance under various contracts. we expect that our performance obligations secured by these letters of credit and bonds will generally be completed in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable contractual terms. when we complete our performance obligations, the related letters of credit and bonds are generally released shortly thereafter, leaving us with no continuing obligations. we have no material third-party guarantees.
we regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock and maintain sufficient cash and liquidity levels to support our other operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. d.r. horton has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the sec in july 2021, registering debt and equity securities that may be issued from time to time in amounts to be determined. forestar also has an effective shelf registration statement filed with the sec in october 2021, registering $750 million of equity securities, of which $300 million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program that became effective in november 2021. at september 30, 2022, $748.2 million remained available for issuance under forestar's shelf registration statement, of which $298.2 million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program. as market conditions permit, we may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to fund our projected capital requirements or provide additional liquidity. we believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations for the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.
capital resources - homebuilding cash and cash equivalents - at september 30, 2022, cash and cash equivalents of our homebuilding segment totaled $2.0 billion.
bank credit facility - we have a $2.19 billion senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $3.0 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to 100% of the total revolving credit commitments. letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. borrowings and repayments under the facility totaled $3.45 billion each during fiscal 2022. at september 30, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding and $220 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of $1.97 billion.
in october 2022, our senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility was amended to extend its maturity date to october 28, 2027.
our homebuilding revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on our operations and activities, including requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if our leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. these covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. the credit agreement governing the facility imposes restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. at september 30, 2022, we were in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of our homebuilding revolving credit facility.
public unsecured debt - we have $2.8 billion principal amount of homebuilding senior notes outstanding as of september 30, 2022 that mature from february 2023 through october 2027. the indentures governing our senior notes impose restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. at september 30, 2022, we were in compliance with all of the limitations and restrictions associated with our public debt obligations.
our homebuilding revolving credit facility and senior notes are guaranteed by d.r. horton, inc.'s significant wholly-owned homebuilding subsidiaries.
debt and stock repurchase authorizations - in july 2019, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of debt securities. in april 2022, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of our common stock, replacing the prior stock repurchase authorization. during fiscal 2022, we repurchased 14.0 million shares of our common stock for $1.1 billion. at september 30, 2022, the full amount of the debt repurchase authorization was remaining, and $438.3 million of the stock repurchase authorization was remaining. these authorizations have no expiration date.
capital resources - forestar the achievement of forestar's long-term growth objectives will depend on its ability to obtain financing and generate sufficient cash flows from operations. as market conditions permit, forestar may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to provide capital for future growth and additional liquidity. at september 30, 2022, forestar's ratio of debt to total capital (notes payable divided by stockholders' equity plus notes payable) was 37.1% compared to 41.0% at september 30, 2021. forestar's ratio of net debt to total capital (notes payable net of cash divided by stockholders' equity plus notes payable net of cash) was 26.9% compared to 35.2% at september 30, 2021.
bank credit facility - forestar has a $410 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $600 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of $100 million and 50% of the total revolving credit commitments. borrowings under the revolving credit facility are subject to a borrowing base calculation based on the book value of forestar's real estate assets and unrestricted cash. letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. at september 30, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding and $53.3 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of $356.7 million.
in october 2022, forestar's senior unsecured revolving credit facility was amended to extend its maturity date to october 28, 2026.
the forestar revolving credit facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. the financial covenants require forestar to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity and a maximum allowable leverage ratio. these covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity.
unsecured debt - as of september 30, 2022, forestar had $700 million principal amount of senior notes issued pursuant to rule 144a and regulation s under the securities act of 1933, as amended, which represent unsecured obligations of forestar. these notes include $400 million principal amount of 3.85% senior notes that mature in may 2026 and $300 million principal amount of 5.0% senior notes that mature in march 2028.
forestar's revolving credit facility and its senior notes are guaranteed by forestar's wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries or have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. they are not guaranteed by d.r. horton, inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of our homebuilding, financial services or rental operations. at september 30, 2022, forestar was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its revolving credit facility and senior note obligations.
debt repurchase authorization - in april 2020, forestar's board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $30 million of forestar's debt securities. all of the $30 million authorization was remaining at september 30, 2022, and the authorization has no expiration date.
issuance of common stock - during fiscal 2022, forestar issued 84,547 shares of common stock under its at-the-market equity offering program for proceeds of $1.7 million, net of commissions and other issuance costs totaling $0.1 million. at september 30, 2022, $748.2 million remained available for issuance under forestar's shelf registration statement, of which $298.2 million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program.
capital resources - financial services cash and cash equivalents - at september 30, 2022, cash and cash equivalents of our financial services segment totaled $103.3 million.
mortgage repurchase facility - our mortgage subsidiary, dhi mortgage, has a mortgage repurchase facility that provides financing and liquidity to dhi mortgage by facilitating purchase transactions in which dhi mortgage transfers eligible loans to the counterparties upon receipt of funds from the counterparties. dhi mortgage then has the right and obligation to repurchase the purchased loans upon their sale to third-party purchasers in the secondary market or within specified time frames from 45 to 60 days in accordance with the terms of the mortgage repurchase facility. the total capacity of the facility is $1.6 billion; however, the capacity automatically increases during certain higher volume periods and can be further increased through additional commitments. the total capacity of the facility at september 30, 2022 was $2.2 billion, and its maturity date is february 17, 2023.
as of september 30, 2022, $2.5 billion of mortgage loans held for sale with a collateral value of $2.4 billion were pledged under the mortgage repurchase facility. as a result of advance paydowns totaling $827.2 million, dhi mortgage had an obligation of $1.6 billion outstanding under the mortgage repurchase facility at september 30, 2022 at a 4.6% annual interest rate.
the mortgage repurchase facility is not guaranteed by d.r. horton, inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of our homebuilding, forestar or rental operations. the facility contains financial covenants as to the mortgage subsidiary's minimum required tangible net worth, its maximum allowable leverage ratio and its minimum required liquidity. these covenants are measured and reported to the lenders monthly. at september 30, 2022, dhi mortgage was in compliance with all of the conditions and covenants of the mortgage repurchase facility.
in the past, dhi mortgage has been able to renew or extend its mortgage credit facility at a sufficient capacity and on satisfactory terms prior to its maturity and obtain temporary additional commitments through amendments to the credit agreement during periods of higher than normal volumes of mortgages held for sale. the liquidity of our financial services business depends upon its continued ability to renew and extend the mortgage repurchase facility or to obtain other additional financing in sufficient capacities.
capital resources - rental cash and cash equivalents - at september 30, 2022, cash and cash equivalents of our rental segment totaled $109.9 million. during fiscal 2022, we continued to increase the investment in our rental operations. the inventory in our rental segment totaled $2.6 billion at september 30, 2022 compared to $840.9 million at september 30, 2021.
bank credit facility - in march 2022, our rental subsidiary, drh rental, entered into a $625 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $1.25 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. on subsequent occasions, drh rental utilized the accordion feature to obtain additional commitments, thereby increasing the size of the facility to $975 million at september 30, 2022. availability under the revolving credit facility is subject to a borrowing base calculation based on the book value of drh rental's real estate assets and unrestricted cash. at september 30, 2022, the borrowing base limited the available capacity under the facility to $811.9 million. the facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of $100 million and 50% of the total revolving credit commitments. the maturity date of the facility is march 4, 2026. at september 30, 2022, there were $800 million of borrowings outstanding at a 4.8% annual interest rate and no letters of credit issued under the facility, resulting in available capacity of $11.9 million.
in november 2022, drh rental utilized the accordion feature and increased the size of the revolving credit facility to $1.025 billion through an additional commitment.
the revolving credit facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. the financial covenants require drh rental to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity and a maximum allowable leverage ratio. these covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. at september 30, 2022, drh rental was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its revolving credit facility.
drh rental's revolving credit facility is guaranteed by drh rental's wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries or have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. the rental revolving credit facility is not guaranteed by d.r. horton, inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of our homebuilding, forestar or financial services operations.
operating cash flow activities in fiscal 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was $561.8 million compared to $534.4 million in fiscal 2021. cash provided by operating activities in the current year primarily consisted of $1.9 billion and $108.7 million of cash provided by our homebuilding and forestar segments, respectively, partially offset by $1.4 billion and $10.5 million of cash used in our rental and financial services segments, respectively. the most significant source of cash provided by operating activities in both years was net income.
during fiscal 2022, cash used to increase our single-family and multi-family rental properties totaled $1.7 billion and is reflected as cash used in operating activities. during fiscal 2021, cash used to increase our single-family and multi-family rental properties totaled $477.5 million, of which $173.9 million related to the first half of the year and is presented as cash used in investing activities and $303.6 million related to the second half of the year and is presented as cash used in operating activities.
investing cash flow activities in fiscal 2022, net cash used in investing activities was $414.9 million compared to $252.2 million in fiscal 2021. in fiscal 2022, uses of cash included the acquisition of vidler water resources, inc. for $271.5 million, net of the cash acquired, and purchases of property and equipment totaling $148.2 million. in fiscal 2021, uses of cash included expenditures related to our rental operations totaling $173.9 million, the acquisition of the homebuilding operations of braselton homes for $23.0 million and purchases of property and equipment totaling $93.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of a single-family rental community for $31.8 million.
financing cash flow activities we expect the short-term financing needs of our operations will be funded with existing cash, cash generated from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. long-term financing needs for our operations may be funded with the issuance of senior unsecured debt securities or equity securities through the capital markets.
in fiscal 2022, net cash used in financing activities was $811.2 million, consisting primarily of repayments of amounts drawn on our homebuilding revolving credit facility totaling $3.5 billion, cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock of $1.1 billion, repayment of $350 million principal amount of our 4.375% homebuilding senior notes at maturity and payment of cash dividends totaling $316.5 million. these uses of cash were partially offset by draws on our homebuilding revolving credit facility of $3.5 billion, draws on drh rental's revolving credit facility of $800 million and net advances on our mortgage repurchase facility of $123.7 million.
in fiscal 2021, net cash used in financing activities was $85.1 million, consisting primarily of repayment of $400 million principal amount of our 2.55% homebuilding senior notes at maturity, forestar's redemption of its $350 million principal amount of 8.0% senior notes, cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock of $848.4 million and payment of cash dividends totaling $289.3 million. these uses of cash were partially offset by note proceeds from our issuance of $500 million principal amount of 1.4% homebuilding senior notes and $600 million principal amount of 1.3% homebuilding senior notes, forestar's issuance of $400 million principal amount of 3.85% senior notes and net advances of $362.0 million on our mortgage repurchase facility.
our board of directors approved and paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.225 per common share in fiscal 2022 and $0.20 per common share in fiscal 2021. in october 2022, our board of directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per common share, payable on december 12, 2022, to stockholders of record on december 2, 2022. the declaration of future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, financial condition and general business conditions.
supplemental guarantor financial information as of september 30, 2022, d.r. horton, inc. had $2.8 billion principal amount of homebuilding senior notes outstanding due through october 2027 and no amounts outstanding on its homebuilding revolving credit facility.
all of the homebuilding senior notes and the homebuilding revolving credit facility are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by certain subsidiaries of d.r. horton, inc. (guarantors or guarantor subsidiaries). each of the guarantor subsidiaries is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by d.r. horton, inc. our subsidiaries associated with the forestar lot development operations, financial services operations, multi-family and single-family rental operations and certain other subsidiaries do not guarantee the homebuilding senior notes or the homebuilding revolving credit facility (collectively, non-guarantor subsidiaries). the guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of each guarantor and rank equal with all existing and future senior debt of such guarantor and senior to all subordinated debt of such guarantor. the guarantees are effectively subordinated to any secured debt of such guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. the guarantees will be structurally subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of non-guarantor subsidiaries of the guarantors.
the guarantees by a guarantor subsidiary will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon: (1) the sale or other disposition of its common stock whereby it is no longer a subsidiary of ours; (2) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets (other than to us or another guarantor); (3) its merger or consolidation with an entity other than us or another guarantor; or (4) its ceasing to guarantee any of our publicly traded debt securities and ceasing to guarantee any of our obligations under our homebuilding revolving credit facility.
the enforceability of the obligations of the guarantor subsidiaries under their guarantees may be subject to review under applicable federal or state laws relating to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference and similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally. in certain circumstances, a court could void the guarantees, subordinate amounts owing under the guarantees or order other relief detrimental to the holders of our guaranteed obligations. the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes contain a "savings clause," which limits the liability of each guarantor on its guarantee to the maximum amount that such guarantor can incur without risk that its guarantee will be subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer. this provision may not be effective to protect such guarantees from fraudulent transfer challenges or, if it does, it may reduce such guarantor's obligation such that the remaining amount due and collectible under the guarantees would not suffice, if necessary, to pay the notes in full when due.
the following tables present summarized financial information for d.r. horton, inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis after intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated among d.r. horton, inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries, as well as their investment in, and equity in earnings from the non-guarantor subsidiaries.
liabilities &amp; stockholders' equity notes payable                                                                        $2,878.3
total liabilities                                                                     6,345.8
stockholders' equity                                                                 17,655.2
seasonality although significant changes in market conditions have impacted our seasonal patterns in the past and could do so again in the future, we generally close more homes and generate greater revenues and pre-tax income in the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. the seasonal nature of our business can also cause significant variations in the working capital requirements for our homebuilding, lot development, financial services and rental operations. as a result of seasonal activity, our quarterly results of operations and financial position at the end of a particular fiscal quarter are not necessarily representative of the balance of our fiscal year.
forward-looking statements some of the statements contained in this report, as well as in other materials we have filed or will file with the securities and exchange commission, statements made by us in periodic press releases and oral statements we make to analysts, stockholders and the press in the course of presentations about us, may be construed as "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934 and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. these forward-looking statements typically include the words "anticipate," "believe," "consider," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "goal," "intend," "likely," "may," "outlook," "plan," "possible," "potential," "predict," "projection," "seek," "should," "strategy," "target," "will," "would" or other words of similar meaning. any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this report and in any other of our reports or public statements may not approximate actual experience, and the expectations derived from them may not be realized, due to risks, uncertainties and other factors. as a result, actual results may differ materially from the expectations or results we discuss in the forward-looking statements. these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to:
•the cyclical nature of the homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries and changes in economic, real estate or other conditions;
•constriction of the credit and public capital markets, which could limit our ability to access capital and increase our costs of capital;
•reductions in the availability of mortgage financing provided by government agencies, changes in government financing programs, a decrease in our ability to sell mortgage loans on attractive terms or an increase in mortgage interest rates;
•the risks associated with our land, lot and rental inventory;
•our ability to effect our growth strategies, acquisitions or investments successfully;
•the effects of weather conditions and natural disasters on our business and financial results;
•reductions in the availability of performance bonds;
•competitive conditions within the industries in which we operate;
•our ability to manage and service our debt and comply with related debt covenants, restrictions and limitations;
•the effects of negative publicity;
•information technology failures, data security breaches and our ability to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations.
we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. however, any further disclosures made on related subjects in subsequent reports on forms 10-k, 10-q and 8-k should be consulted. additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance and risk factors that have the potential to affect us is contained in item 1a, "risk factors" under part i of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates general - a comprehensive enumeration of the significant accounting policies of d.r. horton, inc. and subsidiaries is presented in note a to the accompanying financial statements as of september 30, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended september 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020. each of our accounting policies has been chosen based upon current authoritative literature that collectively comprises u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). in instances where alternative methods of accounting are permissible under gaap, we have chosen the method that most appropriately reflects the nature of our business, the results of our operations and our financial condition, and have consistently applied those methods over each of the periods presented in the financial statements. the audit committee of our board of directors has reviewed and approved the accounting policies selected.
we believe the following critical accounting policies describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition - we generally recognize homebuilding revenue and related profit at the time of the closing of a sale, when title to and possession of the property are transferred to the buyer. our performance obligation, to deliver the agreed-upon home, is generally satisfied in less than one year from the original contract date. proceeds from home closings held for our benefit at title companies are included in homebuilding cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets.
when we execute sales contracts with our homebuyers, or when we require advance payment from homebuyers for custom changes, upgrades or options related to their homes, we record the cash deposits received as liabilities until the homes are closed or the contracts are cancelled. we either retain or refund to the homebuyer deposits on cancelled sales contracts, depending upon the applicable provisions of the contract or other circumstances.
forestar's land and lot sales revenue and related profit are generally recognized at the time of the closing of a sale, when title to and possession of the property are transferred to a third-party buyer. forestar's revenues from land and lot sales to d.r. horton are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.
we rarely purchase unimproved land for resale, but periodically may elect to sell parcels of land that do not fit into our strategic operating plans. revenue from land sales is typically recognized on the closing date, which is generally when performance obligations are satisfied.
we recognize financial services revenues associated with our title operations as closing services are rendered and title insurance policies are issued, both of which generally occur simultaneously as each home is closed. revenues associated with our mortgage operations primarily include net gains on the sale of mortgage loans and servicing rights. we typically elect the fair value option for our mortgage loan originations whereby mortgage loans held for sale are recorded at fair value based on either sale commitments or current market quotes and loan values are adjusted through revenues for subsequent changes in fair value until the loans are sold. expected gains and losses from the sale of servicing rights are included in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through revenues at the time of commitment. we sell substantially all of the mortgages we originate and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers. interest income is earned from the date a mortgage loan is originated until the loan is sold.
mortgage loans are sold with limited recourse provisions, which can result in repurchases of loans previously sold to investors or payments to reimburse investors for loan losses. based on historical experience, analysis of the volume of mortgages we originated, discussions with our mortgage purchasers and current housing and credit market conditions, we estimate and record a loss reserve for mortgage loans held in portfolio and mortgage loans held for sale, as well as known and projected mortgage loan repurchase requests.
inventories and cost of sales - inventory includes the costs of direct land acquisition, land development and construction, capitalized interest, real estate taxes and direct overhead costs incurred during development and construction. costs that we incur after projects or homes are substantially complete, such as utilities, maintenance, and cleaning, are charged to sg&a expense as incurred. all indirect overhead costs, such as compensation of sales personnel, division and region management, and the costs of advertising and builder's risk insurance are charged to sg&a expense as incurred.
land and development costs are typically allocated to individual residential lots on a pro-rata basis, and the costs of residential lots are transferred to construction in progress when home construction begins. home construction costs are specifically identified and recorded to individual homes. cost of sales for homes closed includes the specific construction costs of each home and all applicable land acquisition, land development and related costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) allocated to each residential lot based upon the total number of homes expected to be closed in each community. cost of sales for lots sold includes all applicable land acquisition, land development and related costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) allocated to each residential lot in the community. any changes to the estimated total development costs subsequent to the initial home or lot closings in a community are generally allocated on a pro-rata basis to the remaining homes or lots in the community associated with the relevant development activity.
when a home is closed, we generally have not paid all incurred costs necessary to complete the home. we record a liability and a corresponding charge to cost of sales for the amount estimated to ultimately be paid related to completed homes that have been closed. we compare our home construction budgets to actual recorded costs to determine the additional costs remaining to be paid on each closed home. we monitor the accrual by comparing actual costs incurred on closed homes in subsequent months to the amounts previously accrued. although actual costs to be paid in the future on previously closed homes could differ from our current accruals, such differences have not been significant.
at the end of each quarter, we review the performance and outlook for all of our communities and land inventories for indicators of potential impairment. we generally review our inventory for impairment indicators at the community level, and the inventory within each community is categorized as land held for development, residential land and lots developed and under development, land held for sale, rental properties and construction in progress and finished homes, based on the stage of production or plans for future development or sale. a particular community often includes inventory in more than one category. in certain situations, inventory may be analyzed separately for impairment purposes based on its product type or future plans. in reviewing each of our communities, we determine if impairment indicators exist on inventory held and used by analyzing a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the following:
•projected gross margins based on community budgets;
•performance of other communities in nearby locations.
if indicators of impairment are present for a community, we perform an impairment evaluation of the community, which includes an analysis to determine if the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts. if so, impairment charges are recorded to cost of sales if the fair value of such assets is less than their carrying amounts. these estimates of cash flows are significantly impacted by community specific factors including estimates of the amounts and timing of future revenues and estimates of the amount of land development, materials and labor costs which, in turn, may be impacted by the following local market conditions:
•supply and availability of new and existing homes;
•location and desirability of our communities;
•pricing and use of incentives by us and our competitors;
•alternative uses for our land or communities such as the sale of land, finished lots or home sites to third parties;
for those assets deemed to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. our determination of fair value is primarily based on discounting the estimated cash flows at a rate commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams. when an impairment charge for a community is determined, the charge is then allocated to each lot in the community in the same manner as land and development costs are allocated to each lot. impairment charges are also recorded on finished homes in substantially completed communities and completed rental properties when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying values are greater than the fair values less estimated costs to sell these homes.
we rarely purchase land for resale. however, when we own land or communities under development that do not fit into our development and construction plans, and we determine that we will sell the asset, the project is accounted for as land held for sale if certain criteria are met. we record land held for sale at the lesser of its carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell. in performing the impairment evaluation for land held for sale, we consider several factors including, but not limited to, recent offers received to purchase the property, prices for land in recent comparable sales transactions and market analysis studies, which include the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the land. if the estimated fair value less costs to sell an asset is less than the current carrying value, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value less costs to sell.
the key assumptions relating to inventory valuations are impacted by local market and economic conditions, and are inherently uncertain. although our quarterly assessments reflect management's best estimates, due to uncertainties in the estimation process, actual results could differ from such estimates.
warranty claims - we typically provide our homebuyers with a ten-year limited warranty for major defects in structural elements such as framing components and foundation systems, a two-year limited warranty on major mechanical systems and a one-year limited warranty on other construction components. since we subcontract our construction work to subcontractors who typically provide us with an indemnity and a certificate of insurance prior to receiving payments for their work, claims relating to workmanship and materials are generally the primary responsibility of the subcontractors. warranty liabilities have been established by charging cost of sales for each home delivered. the amounts charged are based on management's estimate of expected warranty-related costs under all unexpired warranty obligation periods. our warranty liability is based upon historical warranty cost experience in each market in which we operate and is adjusted to reflect qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we build and the geographic areas in which we build them. actual future warranty costs could differ from our currently estimated amounts. a 10% change in the historical warranty rates used to estimate our warranty accrual would not result in a material change in our accrual. for additional information regarding our warranty liability, see note l, "commitments and contingencies," to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
our reserves for construction defect claims include the estimated costs of both known claims and anticipated future claims. at september 30, 2022 and 2021, we had reserves for approximately 560 and 380 pending construction defect claims, respectively, and no individual existing claim was material to our financial statements. during fiscal 2022, we were notified of approximately 355 new construction defect claims and resolved 175 construction defect claims for a total cost of $24.4 million. we have closed a significant number of homes during recent years, and we may be subject to future construction defect claims on these homes. although regulations vary from state to state, construction defect issues can generally be reported for up to ten years after the home has closed in many states in which we operate. historical data and trends regarding the frequency of claims incurred and the costs to resolve claims relative to the types of products and markets where we operate are used to estimate the construction defect liabilities for both existing and anticipated future claims. these estimates are subject to ongoing revision as the circumstances of individual pending claims and historical data and trends change. adjustments to estimated reserves are recorded in the accounting period in which the change in estimate occurs.
historical trends in construction defect claims have been inconsistent, and we believe they may continue to fluctuate. we also believe that fluctuations in housing market conditions can affect the frequency and cost of construction defect claims. if the ultimate resolution of construction defect claims resulting from our home closings in prior years varies from current expectations, it could significantly change our estimates regarding the frequency and timing of claims incurred and the costs to resolve existing and anticipated future claims, which would impact the construction defect reserves in the future. if the frequency of claims incurred or costs of existing and future legal claims significantly exceed our current estimates, they will have a significant negative impact on our future earnings and liquidity.
we estimate and record receivables under the applicable insurance policies related to our estimated contingencies for known claims and anticipated future construction defect claims on previously closed homes and other legal claims and lawsuits incurred in the ordinary course of business when recovery is probable. however, because the self-insured retentions under these policies are significant, we anticipate we will largely be self-insured. additionally, we may have the ability to recover a portion of our losses from our subcontractors and their insurance carriers when we have been named as an additional insured on their insurance policies.
the estimation of losses related to these reserves and the related estimates of recoveries from insurance policies are subject to a high degree of variability due to uncertainties such as trends in construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of products built, claim frequency, claim settlement costs and patterns, insurance industry practices and legal interpretations, among others. due to the high degree of judgment required in establishing reserves for these contingencies, actual future costs and recoveries from insurance could differ significantly from current estimated amounts. a 10% increase in the claim frequency and the average cost per claim used to estimate the reserves would result in an increase of approximately $133.8 million in our reserves and a $46.9 million increase in our insurance receivable, resulting in additional expense of $86.9 million. a 10% decrease in the claim frequency and the average cost per claim would result in a decrease of approximately $120.4 million in our reserves and a $49.5 million decrease in our insurance receivable, resulting in a reduction in expense of $70.9 million. for additional information regarding our legal claims reserves, see note l, "commitments and contingencies," to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
in october 2021, the fasb issued asu 2021-08, which requires application of asc 606, "revenue from contracts with customers," to recognize and measure contract assets and liabilities from contracts with customers acquired in a business combination. asu 2021-08 creates an exception to the general recognition and measurement principle in asc 805 and will result in recognition of contract assets and contract liabilities consistent with those recorded by the acquiree immediately before the acquisition date. the guidance is effective for us beginning october 1, 2023, with early adoption permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance, and it is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.