item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis presents the factors that had a material effect on our results of operations during the two years ended december 31, 2022. also discussed is our financial position as of december 31, 2022. you should read this discussion in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this form 10-k. for a discussion related to the results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020 and a discussion related to our consolidated cash flows for 2021 compared to 2020, refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our 2021 annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 14, 2022.
overview we are the global leader in patient-focused medical innovations for structural heart disease and critical care monitoring. driven by a passion to help patients, we partner with the world's leading clinicians and researchers and invest in research and development to transform care for those impacted by structural heart disease or who require hemodynamic monitoring during surgery or in intensive care. we conduct operations worldwide and are managed in the following geographical regions: united states, europe, japan, and rest of world. our products are categorized into the following areas: transcatheter aortic valve replacement ("tavr"), transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies ("tmtt"), surgical structural heart ("surgical"), and critical care.
financial highlights and market update covid-19 and macroeconomic uncertainties the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may further adversely impact, nearly all aspects of our business and markets, including our workforce and the operations of our customers, suppliers, and business partners. our priority has been to maintain access for patients to our life-saving technologies while providing continuous front-line support to our clinician partners, and protecting the well-being of our employees. our manufacturing operations have continued to respond to impacts related to covid-19, and we have been able to supply our technologies around the world. across the organization, we are proactively managing inventory, assessing alternative logistics options, and closely monitoring the supply of components to address potential supply constraints.
during the first quarter of 2021, covid-19 stressed the global healthcare system during the winter months. however, we saw strong recovery beginning in the second quarter of 2021 as widespread vaccine adoption contributed to an increased number of patients. however, the delta variant had a significant impact on hospital resources during the last two months of the third quarter of 2021, and the omicron variant had a significant impact during december 2021, especially in the united states.
during the first quarter of 2022, the omicron variant had a pronounced impact on hospital capacity, resources, and procedure volumes in january 2022, especially in the united states. our 2022 sales were also impacted by slower than expected improvement in united states hospital staffing shortages and foreign currency headwinds. in the second half of 2022, we faced covid-19 headwinds in japan, which created significant strain on hospital capacity.
in addition to the impacts described above, the global economy, including the financial and credit markets, has recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including increases to inflation rates, rising interest rates, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, and uncertainty about economic stability. the severity and duration of the impact of these conditions on our business cannot be predicted. see item 1a, "risk factors," for additional information.
2022 financial highlights despite the challenges to our business in 2022 due to covid-19 and macroeconomic factors, our net sales for 2022 were $5.4 billion, representing an increase of $149.9 million over 2021, driven by sales growth of our tavr products.
our gross profit increase in 2022 was driven by our sales growth and the positive impact of our foreign currency hedging program.
the increase in our diluted earnings per share in 2022 was driven by a) the aforementioned increase in our gross profit and b) a decrease in our diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, driven by our increased share repurchase activity. this increase was partially offset by a) changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities, which resulted in a $121.6 million after tax gain in 2021 compared to a $35.0 million after tax gain in 2022, b) an after-tax charge of $47.0 million in 2022, primarily related to the impairment of intangible assets resulting from our decision to exit our harpoon surgical mitral repair system program, and c) increased sales and marketing and research and development expenses in 2022.
healthcare environment, opportunities, and challenges the medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. we are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. despite the challenges of the covid-19 pandemic, our dedicated field teams have found creative ways to support physicians, our engineers continued to advance innovation, and our colleagues worked diligently to keep our clinical trials on track.  in 2022, we invested 17.6% of our net sales in research and development. the following is a summary of important developments during 2022:
•we received united states food and drug administration ("fda") approval for the mitris resilia valve, a tissue valve replacement specifically designed for the heart's mitral position;
•we received ce mark approval for the pascal precision transcatheter valve repair system for patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid regurgitation, and fda approval for pascal precision for patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation; and
we are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality-of-life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes.
united states                          $3,132.6                          $2,963.1                    $169.5                                       5.7   %
outside of the united states            2,249.8                           2,269.4                    (19.6)                                     (0.9)   %
net sales outside of the united states include the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net sales is not necessarily indicative of the impact on net income due to the corresponding effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on international manufacturing and operating costs, and our hedging activities. for more information, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies             116.1                              86.0                      30.1                                35.1   %
critical care                                            855.0                             834.9                      20.1                                 2.4   %
•higher sales of the edwards sapien platform in 2022, primarily the edwards sapien 3 ultra valve in the united states, europe, and rest of world, the edwards sapien 3 ultra resilia valve in the united states, and the edwards sapien 3 in japan;
•foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales outside of the united states by $140.2 million primarily due to the weakening of the euro and the japanese yen against the united states dollar.
during 2022, we continued to advance our early tavr pivotal trial, studying the treatment of severe aortic stenosis patients before their symptoms develop, and our progress pivotal trial, studying moderate aortic stenosis patients. during the second quarter of 2022, we began treating patients in our alliance pivotal trial, studying our next-generation tavr technology, sapien x4, and during the fourth quarter of 2022, we began the introduction of the sapien 3 ultra resilia valve in the united states.
transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies the increase in net sales of tmtt products was due primarily to continued adoption of our pascal system in europe.
during august 2022, we received european regulatory approval for pascal precision for patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid regurgitation, and in september 2022, we received fda approval for pascal precision for patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation. in mitral replacement, we continued to treat patients through the encircle pivotal trial for sapien m3 and completed enrollment in the miscend early feasibility study for evoque eos. we also continued to make progress in enrolling the triscend ii pivotal trial of the evoque replacement system and the clasp iitr pivotal trial with the pascal repair system in patients with symptomatic, severe tricuspid regurgitation.
surgical structural heart the increase in net sales of surgical products was due primarily to strong adoption of the inspiris resilia aortic valve, primarily in the united states and europe, and the mitris resilia valve, primarily in the united states. these increases were partially offset by the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales outside of the united states by $46.5 million primarily due to the weakening of the euro and the japanese yen against the united states dollar.
in march 2022, we received fda approval for the mitris resilia valve and initiated the product launch in the united states in april 2022. mitris resilia is a tissue valve replacement specifically designed for the heart's mitral position and incorporates our advanced resilia technology. in early 2023, we began enrolling patients in our moments clinical study to demonstrate the durability of resilia tissue in the mitral position.
critical care the increase in net sales of critical care products was driven by:
•increased demand for our capital products, primarily the hemosphere monitoring platform in the united states and japan;
•increased demand for our pressure monitoring products, primarily in the united states; and
•increased demand for our enhanced surgical recovery products, primarily in the united states;
•foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales outside of the united states by $39.5 million primarily due to the weakening of the japanese yen and the euro against the united states dollar.
gross profit the increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven primarily by a 3.6 percentage point increase from the impact of our foreign currency hedging program, which includes hedge contract gains and natural hedges (primarily the strengthening of the united states dollar against the euro and the japanese yen).
selling, general, and administrative ("sg&a") expenses sg&a expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to a resumption of in-person commercial activities following covid-19 and higher field-based personnel-related costs, primarily tavr and tmtt in the united states. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased expenses by $63.1 million due primarily to the strengthening of the united states dollar against the euro and the japanese yen.
research and development ("r&d") expenses r&d expenses increased marginally in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to continued investments in our transcatheter innovations, including increased clinical trial activity.
change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, net the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities resulted in income of $35.8 million and $124.1 million in in 2022 and 2021, respectively. the income in 2022 was due to changes in projected probabilities of milestone achievement and our decision in the third quarter of 2022 to exit our harpoon surgical mitral repair system program. the income in 2021 was attributable to changes in the projected probabilities of milestone achievements and the projected timing of cash inflows from product sales.
interest expense interest expense was $19.2 million and $18.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase in interest expense resulted primarily from lower capitalized interest due to decreased facilities construction.
non-service cost components of net periodic pension benefit cost            (1.1)                             0.3
the loss (gain) on investments primarily represents our net share of gains and losses in investments accounted for under the equity method, and realized gains and losses on investments in equity securities.
the non-service cost components of net periodic pension benefit cost includes the costs or gains of our defined benefit plans that are not attributed to services rendered by eligible employees during the year, such as interest costs, expected return on plan assets, and amortization of actuarial gains or losses.
our effective income tax rate in 2022 and 2021 was 13.9% and 11.7%, respectively. our effective tax rate for 2022 increased in comparison to 2021 primarily due to the decrease in the tax benefit from the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities and the decrease in the excess tax benefit from employee share-based compensation.
in 2022, the difference between our 13.9% effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to (1) foreign earnings taxed at lower rates, (2) federal and california research and development credits, (3) the excess tax benefit from employee share-based compensation and (4) the tax benefit from the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities.
as of december 31, 2022, we had $189.8 million of gross california research expenditure tax credits that we expect to use in future periods. the credits may be carried forward indefinitely. based upon anticipated future taxable income, we expect that it is more likely than not that all california research expenditure tax credits will be utilized, although the utilization of the full benefit is expected to occur over a number of years into the distant future.
as of december 31, 2022, our gross uncertain tax positions were $475.3 million. we estimate that these liabilities would be reduced by $182.1 million from offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. the net amount of $293.2 million, if not required, would favorably affect our effective tax rate.
in the normal course of business, the internal revenue service ("irs") and other taxing authorities are in different stages of examining various years of our tax filings. during these audits, we may receive proposed audit adjustments that could be material. therefore, there is a possibility that an adverse outcome in these audits could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. we strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. while we have accrued for matters we believe are more likely than not to require settlement, the eventual outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated financial statements. furthermore, we may later decide to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal. the uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. we believe that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions.
we executed an advance pricing agreement ("apa") in 2018 between the united states and switzerland governments for tax years 2009 through 2020 covering various, but not all, transfer pricing matters. the unagreed transfer pricing matters, namely surgical structural heart and transcatheter aortic valve replacement (collectively "surgical/tavr") intercompany royalty transactions, then reverted to irs examination for further consideration as part of the respective years' regular tax audits. in addition, we executed other bilateral apas as follows: during 2017, an apa between the united states and japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019; and during 2018, apas between japan and singapore and between switzerland and japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019. we have filed to renew all the apas which cover transactions with japan for the years 2020 and forward. an apa between switzerland and japan covering tax years 2020 through 2024 was executed in 2021. the execution of the other apa renewals depends on many variables outside of our control.
the audits of our united states federal income tax returns through 2014 have been closed. the irs fieldwork for the 2015 through 2017 tax years was completed during the second quarter of 2021, except for transfer pricing and related matters. the irs began its examination of the 2018 through 2020 tax years during the first quarter of 2022.
during 2021, we received a notice of proposed adjustment ("nopa") from the irs for the 2015-2017 tax years relating to transfer pricing involving certain surgical/tavr intercompany royalty transactions between our united states and switzerland subsidiaries. the nopa proposes an increase to our united states taxable income, which could result in additional tax expense for this period of approximately $210 million and represents a significant change to previously agreed upon transfer pricing methodologies for these types of transactions. we have formally disagreed with the nopa and submitted a formal protest on the matter during the fourth quarter of 2021. during the second quarter of 2022, we received the irs's rebuttal to our protest and were notified that the case had been transferred to the irs independent office of appeals. the opening conference is scheduled for the first quarter of 2023. we continue to evaluate all possible remedies available to us, which could take several years to resolve. we believe the amounts previously accrued related to this uncertain tax position are sufficient and, accordingly, have not accrued any additional amount based on the nopa received. while no payment of any amount related to the nopa is required to be made, if at all, until all applicable proceedings have been completed, we made an advance payment of tax in november 2022 to prevent the further accrual of interest on any potential deficiency.
certain surgical/tavr intercompany royalty transactions covering tax years 2015 through 2022 that were not resolved under the apa program remain subject to irs examination, and those transactions and related tax positions remain uncertain as of december 31, 2022. we have considered this information, as well as information regarding the nopa and rebuttal described above, in our evaluation of our uncertain tax positions. the impact of these unresolved transfer pricing matters, net of any correlative repatriation tax adjustment, may be significant to our consolidated financial statements. based on the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate what, if any, changes in our existing uncertain tax positions may occur in the next 12 months and, therefore, have continued to record the uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability.
on august 16, 2022, the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") was signed into law. the ira includes, among other provisions, changes to the u.s. corporate income tax system, including (1) a 15% minimum tax based on "adjusted financial statement income," which is effective for tax years beginning after december 31, 2022, and (2) a one percent excise tax on net repurchases of stock after december 31, 2022. while we continue to evaluate the ira and its application to our business, we do not expect the ira will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
we have received tax incentives in certain non-united states tax jurisdictions, the primary benefit for which will expire in 2029. the tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates were $247.4 million ($0.40 per diluted share) and $208.0 million ($0.33 per diluted share) for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash from operations, and amounts available under credit facilities. we believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current and long-term requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments. however, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions.
the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "2017 act") included extensive changes to the international tax regime. the 2017 act required a deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings and profits. the one-time transition tax liability, as adjusted, is payable in three remaining annual installments, as outlined in the contractual obligations table presented under "material cash requirements" below. as of december 31, 2022, we had a remaining tax obligation of $188.5 million related to the deemed repatriation. see note 17 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information about the one-time transition tax.
as of december 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in the united states and outside of the united states were $731.8 million and $483.5 million, respectively. during 2022, we repatriated cash of $934.0 million. we assert that $1.0 billion of our foreign earnings continue to be permanently reinvested and our intent is to repatriate $580.8 million of our foreign earnings as of december 31, 2022. the estimated net tax liability on the indefinitely reinvested earnings if repatriated is $14.9 million.
we had a five-year credit agreement (the "prior credit agreement") which was scheduled to mature on april 28, 2023 and provided up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. in july 2022, we entered into a new five-year credit agreement (the "new credit agreement") which provides for a $750.0 million multi-currency unsecured revolving credit facility and replaced the prior credit agreement. the new credit agreement matures on july 15, 2027. we may increase the amount available under the new credit agreement by up to an additional $250.0 million in the aggregate and extend the maturity date for an additional year, subject to agreement of the lenders. the new credit agreement contains various financial and other covenants, including a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the agreement. as of december 31, 2022, no amounts were outstanding, and we were in compliance with all covenants under the new credit agreement.
from time to time, we repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the board of directors. we consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. during 2022, under the board authorized repurchase program, we repurchased a total of 20.0 million shares at an aggregate cost of $1.7 billion. as of december 31, 2022, we had remaining authority to purchase $915.6 million of our common stock under the share repurchase program.
certain of our business acquisitions involve contingent consideration arrangements. payment of additional consideration in the future may be required, contingent upon the acquired business reaching certain performance milestones, such as attaining specified revenue levels or obtaining regulatory approvals. for further information, see note 11 to the "consolidated financial statements."
we have purchased options to acquire and have agreed to provide promissory notes to various entities. these arrangements could result in additional cash outlays in the future should we decide to exercise the options or should the entities draw on the promissory notes. for further information, see note 8 to the "consolidated financial statements."
on july 12, 2020, we reached the settlement agreement with abbott to settle all outstanding patent disputes between the companies in cases related to transcatheter mitral and tricuspid repair products. the settlement agreement resulted in us recording an estimated $367.9 million pretax charge in june 2020 related to past damages. in addition, we will incur royalty expenses through may 2024 totaling an estimated $70 million. we made a one-time $100.0 million payment to abbott in july 2020, and are making quarterly payments in subsequent years. for further information, see note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements."
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $1.2 billion for 2022 decreased $513.9 million from 2021 due to an increase in tax payments, an increase in inventory builds compared to the prior year, and a higher bonus payout in 2022 associated with 2021 performance.
net cash provided by investing activities of $252.3 million in 2022 consisted primarily of net proceeds from investments of $661.0 million, partially offset by capital expenditures of $244.6 million and payments of $109.6 million for options to acquire other companies. for further information, see note 8 to the "consolidated financial statements."
net cash used in investing activities of $1.7 billion in 2021 consisted primarily of net purchases of investments of $1.4 billion and capital expenditures of $325.8 million.
we currently anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $300.0 million in 2023 as we continue to invest in our operations.
net cash used in financing activities of $1.6 billion in 2022 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $1.7 billion, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $146.4 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $356.3 million in 2021 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $512.8 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $158.6 million.
transition tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits (a)              188.5                     47.1                        141.4                          -                          -
litigation settlement obligation (minimum payments)                        162.5                     50.0                        100.0                       12.5                          -
purchase and other commitments (c)                                          34.3                     18.5                         12.0                        2.8                        1.0
(a) as of december 31, 2022, we had recorded $188.5 million of income tax liabilities related to the one-time transition tax that resulted from the enactment of the 2017 act. the transition tax is due in eight annual installments, with the first five installments paid in 2018 through 2022. the remaining installment amounts will be equal to 15% of the total liability payable in 2023, 20% in 2024, and 25% in 2025. see note 17 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information about the one-time transition tax.
(b)    the amount included in "less than 1 year" reflects anticipated contributions to our various pension plans. anticipated contributions beyond one year are not determinable. the total accrued benefit liability for our pension plans recognized as of december 31, 2022 was $23.5 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, pension expense funding levels, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and investment returns on plan assets. therefore, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. see note 13 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further information.
(c)    purchase and other commitments consists primarily of open purchase orders for the acquisition of goods and services in the normal course of business. we have excluded open purchase orders with a remaining term of less than one year. for certain purchase and other commitments, such as commitments to fund equity method or other investments, the timing of the payment is not certain. in these cases, the maturity dates in the table reflect our best estimates.
(d)    as of december 31, 2022, the gross liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest, was $519.8 million and relates primarily to transfer pricing matters which are discussed in detail in note 17 to the "consolidated financial statements." based upon the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table.
(e)    we acquire assets still in development, enter into research and development arrangements, acquire businesses, and sponsor certain clinical trials that often require milestone, royalty, or other future payments to third-parties, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events. in situations where we have no ability to influence the achievement of the milestone or otherwise avoid the payment, we have included those payments in the table above. however, we have excluded from the table contingent milestone payments and other contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments or for which we can avoid making payment by unilaterally deciding to stop development of a product or cease progress of a clinical trial. we estimate that these contingent payments could be up to $810.0 million if all milestones or other contingent obligations are met. this amount includes certain milestone-based contingent obligations that may be paid through a combination of cash and issuance of common stock, and certain sales-based royalties in excess of minimum payment thresholds related to litigation settlements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our results of operations and financial position are determined based upon the application of our accounting policies, as discussed in the notes to the "consolidated financial statements." certain of our accounting policies represent a selection among acceptable alternatives under gaap. in evaluating our transactions, management assesses all relevant gaap and chooses the accounting policy that most accurately reflects the nature of the transactions.
the application of accounting policies requires the use of judgments and estimates. these matters that are subject to judgments and estimates are inherently uncertain, and different amounts could be reported using different assumptions and estimates. management uses its best estimates and judgments in determining the appropriate amount to reflect in the consolidated financial statements, using historical experience and all available information. we also use outside experts where appropriate. we apply estimation methodologies consistently from year to year.
we believe the following are the critical accounting policies which could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management.
revenue recognition when we recognize revenue from the sale of our products, the amount of consideration we ultimately receive varies depending upon the return terms, sales rebates, discounts, and other incentives that we may offer, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. the estimate of variable consideration requires significant judgment. we include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. the estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely upon an assessment of historical payment experience, historical relationship to revenues, estimated customer inventory levels, and current contract sales terms with direct and indirect customers. product returns are typically not significant because returns are generally not allowed unless the product is damaged at time of receipt. if the historical data and inventory estimates used to calculate the variable consideration do not approximate future activity, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be impacted.
in addition, in limited circumstances, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products, such as for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, and variation in product utilization all affect the estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
our sales adjustment related to distributor rebates given to our united states distributors represents the difference between our sales price to the distributor and the negotiated price to be paid by the end-customer. we validate the distributor rebate accrual quarterly through either a review of the inventory reports obtained from our distributors or an estimate of the distributor's inventory. this distributor inventory information is used to verify the estimated liability for future distributor rebate claims based on historical rebates and contract rates. we periodically monitor current pricing trends and distributor inventory levels to ensure the credit for future distributor rebates is fairly stated.
intangible assets and long-lived assets we acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset purchases. the acquired intangible assets are recorded at fair value, which is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including, but not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, the assessment of the asset's life cycle, including the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, and the consideration of legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks.
in-process research and development assets acquired in business combinations is reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. additionally, management reviews the carrying amounts of other intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an asset may not be recoverable. the impairment reviews require significant estimates about fair value, including estimation of future cash flows, selection of an appropriate discount rate, and estimates of long-term growth rates.
contingent consideration we record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. we determine the fair value of the contingent consideration based primarily on the following factors:
•the probability of success of clinical events and regulatory approvals, and/or meeting commercial milestones; and
on a quarterly basis, we revalue these obligations and record changes in their fair value as an adjustment to earnings. changes to contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments to discount rates, accretion of the discount rates due to the passage of time, changes in our estimates of the likelihood or timing of achieving development or commercial milestones, changes in the probability of certain clinical events, or changes in the assumed probability associated with regulatory approval.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. realization of certain deferred tax assets, primarily tax credits, net operating loss and other carryforwards, is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. failure to achieve forecasted taxable income in the applicable taxing jurisdictions could affect the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets and could result in an increase in our effective tax rate on future earnings.
we have made an accounting policy election to recognize the united states tax effects of global intangible low-taxed income as a component of income tax expense in the period the tax arises.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income amongst various tax jurisdictions. we evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, including estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. we review these tax uncertainties quarterly and adjust the liability as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as the progress of tax audits, lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law.
for additional details on our income taxes, see note 2 and note 17 to the "consolidated financial statements."
stock-based compensation we measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on estimated fair values. stock-based awards consist of stock options, service-based restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase subscriptions. the fair value of each option award and employee stock purchase subscription is estimated on the date of grant using the black-scholes option valuation model. the fair value of market-based restricted stock units is determined using a monte carlo simulation model, which uses multiple input variables to determine the probability of satisfying the market condition requirements. the black-scholes and monte carlo models require various highly judgmental assumptions, including stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected option term. stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures. judgment is required in estimating the stock awards that will ultimately be forfeited. if actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations would be impacted.
legal contingencies we are or may be a party to, or may otherwise be responsible for, pending or threatened lawsuits, including those related to products and services currently or formerly manufactured or performed by us, workplace and employment matters, matters involving real estate, our operations or health care regulations, or governmental investigations. we accrue for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude that it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. if a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. if we determine that a loss is possible, but not probable, and the range of the loss can be reasonably determined, then we disclose the range of the possible loss. these matters raise difficult and complex factual and legal issues and are subject to many uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the facts and circumstances of each particular case or claim, the jurisdiction in which each suit is brought, and differences in applicable law. as such, significant judgment is required in determining our legal accruals. we describe our legal proceedings in note 18 to the "consolidated financial statements."