item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for year-end 2021 compared to year-end 2020 can be found in part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021, as filed with the sec on february 15, 2022 ("2021 form 10-k").
business and overview overview we are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotel, residential, timeshare, and other lodging properties in 138 countries and territories under 30 brand names. under our asset-light business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels, rather than own them. we discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: (1) u.s. & canada and (2) international.
terms of our management agreements vary, but our management fees generally consist of base management fees and incentive management fees. base management fees are typically calculated as a percentage of property-level revenue. incentive management fees are typically calculated as a percentage of a hotel profitability measure, and, in many cases (particularly in our u.s. & canada, europe, and caribbean & latin america regions), are subject to a specified owner return. under our franchise agreements, franchise fees are typically calculated as a percentage of property-level revenue or a portion thereof. additionally, we earn franchise fees for the use of our intellectual property, such as fees from our co-branded credit card, timeshare, and residential programs.
on september 23, 2016, we completed the acquisition of starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, llc, formerly known as starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, inc. ("starwood"), through a series of transactions, after which starwood became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the company.
performance measures we believe revenue per available room ("revpar"), which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. revpar may not be comparable to similarly titled measures, such as revenues, and should not be viewed as necessarily correlating with our fee revenue. we also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("adr"), which are components of calculating revpar, are meaningful indicators of our performance. occupancy, which we calculate by dividing occupied rooms by total rooms available (including rooms in hotels temporarily closed due to issues related to covid-19), measures the utilization of a property's available capacity. adr, which we calculate by dividing property room revenue by total rooms sold, measures average room price and is useful in assessing pricing levels. revpar, occupancy, and adr statistics are on a systemwide basis for comparable properties, unless otherwise stated. comparisons to prior periods are on a constant u.s. dollar basis. we calculate constant dollar statistics by applying exchange rates for the current period to the prior comparable period.
we define our comparable properties as our properties that were open and operating under one of our brands since the beginning of the last full calendar year (since january 1, 2021 for the current period) and have not, in either the current or previous year: (1) undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions, (2) been converted between company-operated and franchised, or (3) sustained substantial property damage or business interruption, with the exception of properties closed or otherwise experiencing interruptions related to covid-19, which we continue to classify as comparable. for 2022 compared to 2021, we had 5,123 comparable u.s. & canada properties and 1,548 comparable international properties. revpar, occupancy, and adr comparisons between 2022 and 2019, which we discuss under the "business trends" caption below, reflect properties that are defined as comparable as of december 31, 2022, september 30, 2022, june 30, 2022, or march 31, 2022 (as applicable), even if in 2019 they were not open and operating for the full year or did not meet all the other criteria listed above. unless otherwise stated, all comparisons to pre-pandemic or 2019 are comparing to the same time period each year.
business trends we continued to see strong global revpar improvement throughout 2022 despite greater china continuing to be significantly negatively impacted by covid-19 through the end of the 2022 fourth quarter. while revpar recovery at the beginning of 2022 was dampened due to the emergence of covid-19 variants, revpar quickly improved, resulting in 2022 third quarter worldwide revpar exceeding 2019 levels for the first time since the pandemic began. by the 2022 fourth quarter, table of contents worldwide revpar exceeded 2019 levels by 4.6 percent, reflecting adr growth of 12.8 percent, partially offset by a decline in occupancy of 5.1 percentage points compared to 2019 levels. the global recovery continued across all customer segments, led by robust leisure demand as well as strengthening group demand, which was higher than 2019 levels in certain regions during the 2022 fourth quarter. business transient demand also continued to improve during 2022, although it continued to lag behind 2019 levels.
revpar in 2022 compared to 2021 improved 46.5 percent in our u.s. & canada segment, 66.2 percent in our international segment, and 51.0 percent worldwide. revpar in 2022 compared to pre-pandemic 2019 levels declined 4.0 percent worldwide, with improvement in the decline each succeeding quarter during 2022 for each of our segments and worldwide.
in the u.s. & canada, revpar declined only 0.8 percent in 2022 compared to 2019, due to a decline in occupancy of 6.0 percentage points, partially offset by adr growth of 8.1 percent. in the 2022 fourth quarter, u.s. & canada revpar improved 5.2 percent compared to the same period in 2019, due to adr growth of 11.1 percent, partially offset by a decline in occupancy of 3.7 percentage points. the decline in occupancy as compared to 2019 improved sequentially in each quarter of 2022, reflecting strong demand recovery in many markets within the u.s. & canada.
although covid-19's negative impact on our business has significantly decreased and we saw strong global revpar improvement in 2022, our business is subject to the effects of changes in global and regional conditions and these conditions can change rapidly. we continue to monitor global economic conditions, and although we are not currently seeing signs of a slowdown in lodging demand, the lodging booking window is short and trends can change quickly.
starwood data security incident on november 30, 2018, we announced a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the starwood reservations database (the "data security incident"). the starwood reservations database is no longer used for business operations.
we are currently unable to reasonably estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident in excess of the expenses already recorded. however, we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. although our insurance program includes coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident, that insurance may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including monetary payments to regulators and/or litigants) related to the data security incident. in addition, certain expenses by their nature (such as, for example, expenses related to enhancing our cybersecurity program) are not covered by our insurance program. we expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods in excess of the amounts already recorded, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible additional monetary payments to regulators and/or litigants as well as costs associated with compliance with any settlements or resolutions of matters). see note 7 for additional information related to legal proceedings and governmental investigations related to the data security incident.
system growth and pipeline in 2022, our system grew from 7,989 properties (1,479,179 rooms) at year-end 2021 to 8,288 properties (1,525,407 rooms) at year-end 2022, reflecting gross additions of 394 properties (65,376 rooms) and deletions of 94 properties (19,079 rooms), including the impact of the company's decision to suspend its operations in russia. approximately 61 percent of our 2022 gross room additions were located outside u.s. & canada, and 27 percent were conversions from competitor brands.
table of contents at year-end 2022, we had more than 496,000 hotel rooms in our development pipeline, which includes approximately 199,000 hotel rooms under construction and roughly 22,300 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. over half of the rooms in our development pipeline are outside u.s. & canada. in 2022, we signed 726 new management and franchise agreements, representing nearly 108,000 rooms, of which approximately half of the rooms are located outside u.s. & canada. our select hotel brands continued to be a key growth driver globally with 523 hotel properties signed during 2022. in particular, our longer stay brands, which include element hotels, residence inn, and towneplace suites, accounted for 30 percent of the company's signings in 2022. in addition, contracts signed in 2022 reflected the company's strength in the luxury tier, with 42 luxury hotel agreements signed, representing nearly 8,000 rooms. conversions accounted for nearly 20 percent of rooms signings in 2022.
in 2023, we expect total gross rooms growth of approximately 5.5 percent and net rooms growth of 4.0 to 4.5 percent, including approximately 1.1 percent from the anticipated addition of rooms associated with the city express brand acquisition discussed in note 3, which are not reflected in the development pipeline discussed above.
lodging statistics the following tables present revpar, occupancy, and adr statistics for comparable properties for 2022, and 2022 compared to 2021. systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our company-operated properties.
table of contents consolidated results our consolidated results in 2022 improved significantly compared to 2021 due to the continued recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19. the discussion below presents an additional analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2022 compared to 2021.
the increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher revpar and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($25 million).
the increase in franchise fees primarily reflected higher revpar, higher co-branded credit card fees ($119 million) and unit growth ($109 million), partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($17 million).
the increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected higher profits at certain managed hotels and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($16 million). in 2022, we earned incentive management fees from 61 percent of our managed properties worldwide, compared to 47 percent in 2021. we earned incentive management fees from 29 percent of our u.s. & canada managed properties and 76 percent of our international managed properties in 2022, compared to 13 percent in u.s. & canada and 63 percent in international in 2021. in addition, 58 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2022 came from our international managed properties versus 71 percent in 2021.
cost reimbursements, net (cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses) varies due to timing differences between the costs we incur for centralized programs and services and the related reimbursements we receive from hotel owners and franchisees. over the long term, our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively. see note 2 for more information about the accounting for cost reimbursements, including our loyalty program.
equity in earnings (losses)                 18                   (24)                    42                           175    %
interest expense decreased primarily due to lower average debt balances driven by senior notes maturities and repurchases.
equity in earnings (losses) changed, primarily due to our share of the gains on the sales of properties ($23 million) and higher profits related to our equity method investments.
(provision) benefit for income taxes         $(756)                   $(81)        $(675)                          (833)     %
our tax provision increased in 2022, compared to our tax provision in 2021, primarily due to the increase in operating income ($422 million), the prior year release of tax reserves due to favorable audit resolutions ($143 million), the prior year tax benefit from the loss on extinguishment of debt ($42 million), and the current year tax expense from the completion of prior years' tax audits ($27 million).
table of contents business segments our segment results in 2022 improved significantly compared to 2021 due to the continued recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19. the following discussion presents an additional analysis of the operating results of our reportable business segments.
segment profit              2,446                    1,394                   1,052                            75    %
segment profit                794                      258      536                                          208    %
u.s. & canada u.s. & canada segment profit increased primarily due to the following:
•$906 million of higher gross fee revenues, primarily reflecting higher comparable systemwide revpar driven by increases in both adr and occupancy, higher profits at certain managed hotels, and unit growth;
•$23 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily reflecting a favorable litigation settlement in 2021 ($18 million).
international international segment profit increased primarily due to the following:
•$349 million of higher gross fee revenues, primarily reflecting higher comparable systemwide revpar driven by increases in both adr and occupancy in all regions except greater china, higher profits at certain managed hotels, and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($56 million);
table of contents liquidity and capital resources our credit facility in the 2022 fourth quarter, we amended and restated our $4.5 billion multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "credit facility"). available borrowings under the credit facility support our commercial paper program and general corporate needs. borrowings under the credit facility generally bear interest at sofr (the secured overnight financing rate) plus a spread based on our public debt rating. we also pay quarterly fees on the credit facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. we classify outstanding borrowings under the credit facility and outstanding commercial paper borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. the credit facility expires on december 14, 2027.
the credit facility contains certain covenants, including a single financial covenant that limits our maximum leverage (consisting of the ratio of adjusted total debt to ebitda, each as defined in the credit facility) to not more than 4.5 to 1.0. our outstanding public debt does not contain a corresponding financial covenant or a requirement that we maintain certain financial ratios.
we currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility and public debt instruments, including the leverage covenant under the credit facility, and do not expect the covenants will restrict our ability to meet our anticipated borrowing and liquidity needs.
we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. we believe the credit facility, and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our liquidity requirements.
commercial paper we issue commercial paper in the u.s. because we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. we do not expect that fluctuations in the demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity, given our borrowing capacity under the credit facility and access to capital markets.
cash from operations net cash provided by operating activities increased by $1,186 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to higher net income (adjusted for non-cash items and the prior year loss on extinguishment of debt), partially offset by higher cash paid for income taxes and working capital changes driven by accounts receivable timing. cash inflow from our loyalty program in 2020 included $920 million of cash received from the prepayment of certain future revenues under the 2020 amendments to our existing u.s.-issued co-branded credit card agreements, which reduced in both 2021 and 2022, and will in the future reduce, the amount of cash we receive from these card issuers. we expect such reductions to end by year-end 2023.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.5 to 1.0 at year-end 2022 and 0.6 to 1.0 at year-end 2021. we have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital.
investing activities cash flows capital expenditures and other investments. we made capital and technology expenditures of $332 million in 2022 and $183 million in 2021. capital and technology expenditures in 2022 increased by $149 million compared to 2021, primarily reflecting higher spending on improvements to our worldwide technology systems.
we expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $850 million to $1 billion for 2023, including capital and technology expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and other investing activities (including approximately $300 million for maintenance capital spending). this estimate also includes $100 million of investment spending related to the city express brand acquisition discussed in note 3, which we currently expect to close in the first half of 2023, and approximately $160 million of renovation spending on hotels that we expect to sell after renovations are complete.
over time, we have sold lodging properties, both completed and under development, subject to long-term management agreements. the ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. we have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and equity table of contents investments. over time, we seek to minimize capital invested in our business through asset sales subject to long-term management or franchise agreements.
loan activity. from time to time, we make loans to owners of hotels that we operate or franchise. loan collections, net of loan advances, amounted to $3 million in 2022, compared to net collections of $27 million in 2021. at year-end 2022, we had $162 million of senior, mezzanine, and other loans outstanding, compared to $153 million outstanding at year-end 2021.
financing activities cash flows debt. debt decreased by $74 million in 2022, to $10,064 million at year-end 2022 from $10,138 million at year-end 2021, primarily due to lower outstanding credit facility borrowings ($1,050 million), the maturity of our series q notes ($399 million), the maturity of our series dd notes ($224 million), and the redemption of our series l notes ($173 million), partially offset by the issuance of our series jj notes ($983 million) and higher outstanding commercial paper borrowings ($868 million). see note 9 for additional information on the senior notes issuance and redemption.
our long-term financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. at year-end 2022, our long-term debt had a weighted average interest rate of 4.1 percent and a weighted average maturity of approximately 5.8 years. including the effect of interest rate swaps, the ratio of our fixed-rate long-term debt to our total long-term debt was 0.9 to 1.0 at year-end 2022.
see the "our credit facility," caption in this "liquidity and capital resources" section for more information on our credit facility.
share repurchases and dividends. we repurchased 16.8 million shares of our common stock for $2.6 billion in 2022. year-to-date through february 10, 2023, we repurchased 2.5 million shares for $400 million. for additional information, see "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters, and issuer purchases of equity securities" in part ii, item 5.
•at year-end 2022, we had $11,989 million of debt, including principal and future interest payments, of which $1,032 million is payable within the next 12 months from year-end 2022. see note 9 for further information about our long-term debt.
•at december 31, 2022, projected deemed repatriation transition tax payments under the u.s. tax legislation enacted on december 22, 2017, commonly referred to as the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, totaled $336 million, of which $89 million is payable within the next 12 months from year-end 2022.
•the company also had guarantees, a contingent purchase obligation, commitments, and letters of credit as of year-end 2022, which are discussed in note 7. the majority of our guarantee commitments are not expected to be funded within the next 12 months from year-end 2022. in addition to the purchase obligations discussed in note 7, in the normal course of business, we enter into purchase commitments and incur other obligations to manage the daily operating needs of the hotels that we manage. since our contracts with owners require reimbursement for these amounts, these obligations are expected to have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow.
table of contents critical accounting policies and estimates our preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management considers an accounting policy and estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain when the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
while we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. actual results may differ significantly. additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments due to unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
see note 2 for further information related to our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are as follows:
loyalty program, including how we estimate the breakage of hotel points, credit card points, and free night certificates, the volume of points and free night certificates that will be issued under our co-branded credit card agreements, the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled under our co-branded credit card agreements, and the stand-alone selling prices of goods and services provided under our co-branded credit card agreements. changes in these estimates could result in material changes to our liability for guest loyalty program and loyalty program revenue. based on the conditions existing at december 31, 2022 and holding other factors constant, a one percent decrease in our estimate of the breakage of points could result in an increase in the liability for guest loyalty program of approximately $50 million. the breakage impact may vary significantly depending on the specific loyalty program points for which the anticipated breakage changes.
goodwill, including how we evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill. during the 2022 fourth quarter, we conducted our annual goodwill impairment test and no impairment charges were recorded. the estimated fair values of all our reporting units significantly exceeded their carrying amounts at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination.
intangibles and long-lived assets, including how we evaluate the fair value of intangibles and long-lived assets and when we record impairment losses on intangibles and long-lived assets. during 2022, we evaluated our intangibles and long-lived asset groups for impairment and did not record any material impairment charges. the estimated fair values of all our indefinite-lived intangible assets significantly exceeded their carrying amounts at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination.