item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
we begin management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. this overview is followed by a summary of our critical accounting policies and estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results. we then provide a more detailed analysis of our results of operations and financial condition for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 can be found in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended may 31, 2021, as filed with the sec on june 21, 2021, which is available free of charge on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and on our investor relations website at www.oracle.com/investor.
business overview oracle provides products and services that address enterprise information technology (it) environments. our products and services include enterprise applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable it deployment models. these models include on-premise deployments, cloud-based deployments, and hybrid deployments (an approach that combines both on-premise and cloud-based deployments). accordingly, we offer choice and flexibility to our customers and facilitate the product, service and deployment combinations that best suit our customers' needs. through our worldwide sales force and oracle partner network, we sell to customers all over the world including businesses of many sizes, government agencies, educational institutions and resellers.
we have three businesses: cloud and license; hardware; and services; each of which comprises a single operating segment. the descriptions set forth below as a part of this item 7 management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the information contained within item 1 business and note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report provide additional information related to our businesses and operating segments and align to how our chief operating decision makers (codms), which include our chief executive officer and chief technology officer, view our operating results and allocate resources.
cloud and license business our cloud and license business, which represented 85% and 84% of our total revenues in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, markets, sells and delivers a broad spectrum of enterprise applications and infrastructure technologies through our cloud and license offerings. revenue streams included in our cloud and license business are:
•   cloud services and license support revenues, which include:
o   license support revenues, which are earned by providing oracle license support services to customers that have elected to purchase support services in connection with the purchase of oracle applications and infrastructure software licenses for use in cloud, on-premise and other it environments. substantially all license support customers renew their support contracts with us upon expiration in order to continue to benefit from technical support services and the periodic issuance of unspecified updates and enhancements, which current license support customers are entitled to receive. license support contracts are generally priced as a percentage of the net fees paid by the customer to purchase a cloud license and/or on-premise license; are generally billed in advance of the support services being performed; are generally renewed at the customer's option; and are generally recognized as revenues ratably over the contractual period that the support services are provided, which is generally one year; and
o   cloud services revenues, which provide customers access to oracle cloud applications and infrastructure technologies via cloud-based deployment models that oracle develops, provides unspecified updates and enhancements for, deploys, hosts, manages and supports and that
index to financial statements customers access by entering into a subscription agreement with us for a stated period. oracle cloud services arrangements are generally billed in advance of the cloud services being performed; generally have durations of one to three years; are generally renewed at the customer's option; and are generally recognized as revenues ratably over the contractual period of the cloud contract or, in the case of usage model contracts, as the cloud services are consumed over time.
•   cloud license and on-premise license revenues, which include revenues from the licensing of our software products including oracle applications, oracle database, oracle middleware and java, among others, which our customers deploy within cloud-based, on-premise and other it environments. our cloud license and on-premise license transactions are generally perpetual in nature and are generally recognized as revenues up front at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer to download and use. revenues from usage-based royalty arrangements for distinct cloud licenses and on-premise licenses are recognized at the point in time when the software end user usage occurs. the timing of a few large license transactions can substantially affect our quarterly license revenues due to the point-in-time nature of revenue recognition for license transactions, which is different than the typical revenue recognition pattern for our cloud services and license support revenues in which revenues are generally recognized ratably over the contractual terms. cloud license and on-premise license customers have the option to purchase and renew license support contracts, as further described above.
providing choice and flexibility to our customers as to when and how they deploy oracle applications and infrastructure technologies are important elements of our corporate strategy. in recent periods, customer demand for our applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through our oracle cloud services has increased. to address customer demand and enable customer choice, we have introduced certain programs for customers to pivot their applications and infrastructure licenses and the related license support to the oracle cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the oracle cloud for their existing workloads. the proportion of our cloud services and license support revenues relative to our cloud license and on-premise license revenues, hardware revenues and services revenues has increased and we expect this trend to continue. cloud services and license support revenues represented 71% of our total revenues during each of fiscal 2022 and 2021 and 70% of our total revenues during fiscal 2020.
our cloud and license business' revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic and business conditions; governmental budgetary constraints; the strategy for and competitive position of our offerings; customer satisfaction with our offerings; the continued renewal of our cloud services and license support customer contracts by the customer contract base; substantially all customers continuing to purchase license support contracts in connection with their license purchases; the pricing of license support contracts sold in connection with the sales of licenses; the pricing, amounts and volumes of licenses and cloud services sold; our ability to manage oracle cloud capacity requirements to meet existing and prospective customer demand; and foreign currency rate fluctuations.
•   expected growth in our cloud services and license support offerings; and
•   continued demand for our cloud license and on-premise license offerings.
we believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business' total revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development and our cloud operations to develop, improve, increase the capacity of and expand the geographic footprint of our cloud and license products and services.
our cloud and license business' margin has historically trended upward over the course of the four quarters within a particular fiscal year due to the historical upward trend of our cloud and license business' revenues over those quarterly periods and because the majority of our costs for this business are generally fixed in the short term. the historical upward trend of our cloud and license business' revenues over the course of the four quarters within a particular fiscal year is primarily due to the addition of new cloud services and license support contracts to the
index to financial statements customer contract base that we generally recognize as revenues ratably or based upon customer usage over the respective contractual terms and the renewal of existing customers' cloud services and license support contracts over the course of each fiscal year that we generally recognize as revenues in a similar manner; and the historical upward trend of our cloud license and on-premise license revenues, which we generally recognize at a point in time upon delivery; in each case over those four fiscal quarterly periods.
hardware business our hardware business, which represented 7% and 8% of our total revenues in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, provides a broad selection of enterprise hardware products and hardware-related software products including oracle engineered systems, servers, storage, industry-specific hardware offerings, operating systems, virtualization, management and other hardware-related software, and related hardware support. each hardware product and its related software, such as an operating system or firmware, are highly interdependent and interrelated and are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. the revenues for this combined performance obligation are generally recognized at the point in time that the hardware product and its related software are delivered to the customer and ownership is transferred to the customer. we expect to make investments in research and development to improve existing hardware products and services and to develop new hardware products and services. the majority of our hardware products are sold through indirect channels, including independent distributors and value-added resellers. our hardware support offerings provide customers with unspecified software updates for software components that are essential to the functionality of our hardware products and associated software products. our hardware support offerings can also include product repairs, maintenance services and technical support services. hardware support contracts are entered into and renewed at the option of the customer, are generally priced as a percentage of the net hardware products fees and are generally recognized as revenues ratably as the hardware support services are delivered over the contractual terms.
we generally expect our hardware business to have lower operating margins as a percentage of revenues than our cloud and license business due to the incremental costs we incur to produce and distribute these products and to provide support services, including direct materials and labor costs.
our quarterly hardware revenues are difficult to predict. our hardware revenues, cost of hardware and hardware operating margins that we report are affected by many factors, including our manufacturing partners' abilities to timely manufacture or deliver a few large hardware transactions, with this factor becoming more pronounced in recent periods due to global supply chain constraints for certain technology components; our strategy for and the position of our hardware products relative to competitor offerings; customer demand for competing offerings, including cloud infrastructure offerings; the strength of general economic and business conditions; governmental budgetary constraints; whether customers decide to purchase hardware support contracts at or in close proximity to the time of hardware product sale; the percentage of our hardware support contract customer base that renews its support contracts and the close association between hardware products, which have a finite life, and customer demand for related hardware support as hardware products age; customer decisions to either maintain or upgrade their existing hardware infrastructure to newly developed technologies that are available; and foreign currency rate fluctuations.
services business our services business, which represented 8% of our total revenues in each of fiscal 2022 and 2021, helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. we believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on oracle technologies, extensive experience, broad sets of intellectual property and best practices. our services offerings include consulting services and advanced customer services. our services business has lower margins than our cloud and license and hardware businesses. our services revenues are affected by many factors including our strategy for, and the competitive position of, our services; customer demand for our cloud and license and hardware offerings and the related services that we may market and sell in connection with these offerings; general economic conditions;
index to financial statements governmental budgetary constraints; personnel reductions in our customers' it departments; tighter controls over customer discretionary spending; and foreign currency rate fluctuations.
acquisitions our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. historically, we have invested billions of dollars to acquire a number of complementary companies, products, services and technologies. as compelling opportunities become available, we may acquire companies, products, services and technologies in furtherance of our corporate strategy. on december 20, 2021, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger with cerner corporation (cerner), a provider of digital information systems used within hospitals and health systems that are designed to enable medical professionals to deliver better healthcare to individual patients and communities, for a preliminary estimated purchase price of approximately $28.2 billion. the transaction closed on june 8, 2022. notes 2 and 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this annual report, provide additional information related to our acquisition of cerner and our other recent acquisitions.
we believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities. we estimate the financial impact of any potential acquisition with regard to earnings, operating margin, cash flows and return on invested capital targets, among others, before deciding to move forward with an acquisition.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) as set forth in the financial accounting standards board's accounting standards codification (asc), and we consider the various staff accounting bulletins and other applicable guidance issued by the sec. gaap, as set forth within the asc, requires us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. we believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. these estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. to the extent that there are differences between these estimates, judgments or assumptions and actual results, our financial statements will be affected. the accounting policies that reflect our more significant estimates, judgments and assumptions and which we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results include:
•   revenue recognition;
•   business combinations;
•   goodwill and intangible assets-impairment assessments;
•   accounting for income taxes; and
our senior management has reviewed our critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the finance and audit committee of the board of directors. note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report includes additional information about our critical and other accounting policies.
revenue recognition the most critical judgments required in applying asc 606, revenue recognition from customers, and our revenue recognition policy relate to the determination of distinct performance obligations and the evaluation of the standalone selling price (ssp) for each performance obligation.
index to financial statements many of our customer contracts include multiple performance obligations. judgment is required in determining whether each performance obligation within a customer contract is distinct. oracle products and services generally function on a standalone basis and do not require a significant amount of integration or interdependency. therefore, multiple products and services contained within a customer contract are generally considered to be distinct and are not combined for revenue recognition purposes. we allocate the transaction price for each customer contract to each performance obligation based on the relative ssp (the determination of ssp is discussed below) for each performance obligation within each contract. we recognize the amount of transaction price allocated to each performance obligation within a customer contract as revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied.
we use historical sales transaction data and judgment, among other factors, in determining the ssp for products and services. for substantially all performance obligations except cloud licenses and on-premise licenses, we are able to establish the ssp based on the observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. we typically establish an ssp range for our products and services, which is reassessed on a periodic basis or when facts and circumstances change. ssp for our products and services can evolve over time due to changes in our pricing practices that are influenced by intense competition, changes in demand for our products and services, and economic factors, among others. our cloud licenses and on-premise licenses have not historically been sold on a standalone basis, as substantially all customers elect to purchase license support contracts at the time of a license purchase. license support contracts are generally priced as a percentage of the net fees paid by the customer to purchase the license. we are unable to establish the ssp for our cloud licenses and on-premise licenses based on observable prices given the same products are sold for a broad range of amounts (that is, the selling price is highly variable) and a representative ssp is not discernible from past transactions or other observable evidence. as a result, the ssp for a cloud license and an on-premise license included in a contract with multiple performance obligations is generally determined by applying a residual approach whereby all other performance obligations within a contract are first allocated a portion of the transaction price based upon their respective ssps, with any residual amount of transaction price allocated to cloud license and on-premise license revenues.
business combinations we apply the provisions of asc 805, business combinations (asc 805), in accounting for our acquisitions. asc 805 requires that we evaluate whether a transaction pertains to an acquisition of assets, or to an acquisition of a business. a business is defined as an integrated set of assets and activities that is capable of being conducted and managed for the purpose of providing a return to investors. asset acquisitions are accounted for by allocating the cost of the acquisition to the individual assets and liabilities assumed on a relative fair value basis; whereas the acquisition of a business requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the acquisition date fair values. goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. while we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as any contingent consideration, where applicable, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the business acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of a business acquisition's measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of operations.
accounting for business combinations requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, including our estimates for intangible assets, pre-acquisition contingencies and any contingent consideration, where applicable. although we believe that the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.
index to financial statements for a given business acquisition, we may identify certain pre-acquisition contingencies as of the acquisition date and may extend our review and evaluation of these pre-acquisition contingencies throughout the measurement period in order to obtain sufficient information to assess whether we include these contingencies as a part of the fair value estimates of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and, if so, to determine their estimated amounts.
if we cannot reasonably determine the fair value of a non-income tax related pre-acquisition contingency by the end of the measurement period, which is generally the case given the nature of such matters, we will recognize an asset or a liability for such pre-acquisition contingency if: (1) it is probable that an asset existed or a liability had been incurred at the acquisition date and (2) the amount of the asset or liability can be reasonably estimated. subsequent to the measurement period or final determination of the net asset values for the business combination, whichever comes first, changes in our estimates of such contingencies will affect earnings and could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial position.
in addition, uncertain tax positions and tax related valuation allowances assumed in a business combination are initially estimated as of the acquisition date. we reevaluate these items quarterly based upon facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date with any adjustments to our preliminary estimates being recorded to goodwill if identified within the measurement period. subsequent to the measurement period or our final determination of the tax allowance's or contingency's estimated value, whichever comes first, changes to these uncertain tax positions and tax related valuation allowances will affect our provision for income taxes in our consolidated statement of operations and could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
goodwill and intangible assets-impairment assessments we review goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate its carrying value may not be recoverable. we make certain judgments and assumptions to determine our reporting units and in allocating shared assets and liabilities to determine the carrying values for each of our reporting units.
judgment in the assessment of qualitative factors of impairment include cost factors; financial performance; legal, regulatory, contractual, political, business, and other factors; entity specific factors; industry and market considerations, macroeconomic conditions, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting unit. to the extent we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is then performed.
performing a quantitative goodwill impairment test includes the determination of the fair value of a reporting unit and involves significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions include, among others, revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, and the determination of appropriate market comparables.
we make judgments about the recoverability of purchased finite lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may exist. in such situations, we are required to evaluate whether the net book values of our finite lived intangible assets are recoverable. we determine whether finite lived intangible assets are recoverable based upon the forecasted future cash flows that are expected to be generated by the lowest level associated asset grouping. assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives of our intangible assets are complex and subjective and include, among others, forecasted undiscounted cash flows to be generated by certain asset groupings. these assumptions and estimates can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts.
accounting for income taxes judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision. in the ordinary course of a global business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. some of these uncertainties arise as a consequence of revenue sharing and cost reimbursement arrangements among related entities, the process of identifying items of revenues and expenses that qualify for preferential tax
index to financial statements treatment, and the segregation of foreign and domestic earnings and expenses to avoid double taxation. although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the final tax outcome of these matters could be different from that which is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. such differences could have a material effect on our income tax provision and net income in the period in which such determination is made.
we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. in order for us to realize our deferred tax assets, we must be able to generate sufficient taxable income in those jurisdictions where the deferred tax assets are located. we consider future growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, the mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate, historical earnings, taxable income in prior years, if carryback is permitted under the law, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in determining the need for a valuation allowance. in the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period in which we make such a determination, or goodwill would be adjusted at our final determination of the valuation allowance related to an acquisition within the measurement period. if we later determine that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets would be realized, we would reverse the applicable portion of the previously provided valuation allowance as an adjustment to our provision for income taxes at such time.
we calculate our current and deferred tax provision based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the actual results reflected in income tax returns filed during the subsequent year. adjustments based on filed returns are generally recorded in the period when the tax returns are filed and the global tax implications are known, which can materially impact our effective tax rate.
the amount of income tax we pay is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, which often result in proposed assessments. our estimate of the potential outcome for any uncertain tax issue may require certain judgments. a description of our accounting policies associated with tax related contingencies assumed as a part of a business combination is provided under "business combinations" above.
for those tax related contingencies that are not a part of a business combination, we account for these uncertain tax issues pursuant to asc 740, income taxes, which contains a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. the first step is to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained in an audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given with respect to the final outcome of these matters. we adjust reserves for our uncertain tax positions due to changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, judicial rulings, and refinement of estimates or realization of earnings or deductions that differ from our estimates. to the extent that the final outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences generally will impact our provision for income taxes in the period in which such a determination is made. our provisions for income taxes include the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate and also include the related interest and penalties.
legal and other contingencies we are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. quarterly, we review the status of each significant matter and assess our potential financial exposure. a description of our accounting policies associated with contingencies assumed as a part of a business combination is provided under "business combinations" above. for legal and other contingencies that are not a part of a business combination, we accrue a liability for an estimated loss if the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether the amount of an exposure is reasonably estimable. because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based only on the best information available at the time the accruals are made. as additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to our pending claims and
index to financial statements litigation and may revise our estimates. such revisions in the estimates of the potential liabilities could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
results of operations recent global events oracle withdrew its operations from the russian federation and the republic of belarus in march 2022. neither of the aforementioned countries, nor ukraine, have composed or are expected to compose a material portion of oracle's total consolidated revenues, net income, net assets, or workforce. we serve hundreds of thousands of customers globally across a broad geographic and industry base. we are profitable and generate a large amount of positive cash flow from our operations, and we do not believe the current posture of the russia-ukraine situation will jeopardize either of these characteristics of our business. other impacts due to this rapidly evolving situation are currently unknown and could potentially subject our business to materially adverse consequences. for a more complete discussion of the risks we encounter in our business, please refer to item 1a risk factors included elsewhere in this annual report.
in addition, for a discussion of the impacts on and risks to our business from covid-19, please refer to the risks included in item 1a risk factors in this annual report and the information presented below in results of operations in this item 7.
presentation of operating segment results and other financial information in our fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 results of operations discussion below, we provide an overview of our total consolidated revenues, total consolidated operating expenses and total consolidated operating margin, all of which are presented on a gaap basis. we also present a gaap-based discussion below for substantially all of the other expense items as presented in our consolidated statements of operations that are not directly attributable to our three businesses.
in addition, we discuss below the fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 results of each of our three businesses-cloud and license, hardware and services-which are our operating segments as defined pursuant to asc 280, segment reporting. the financial reporting for our three businesses that is presented below is presented in a manner that is consistent with that used by our codms. our operating segment presentation below reflects revenues, direct costs and sales and marketing expenses that correspond to and are directly attributable to each of our three businesses. we also utilize these inputs to calculate and present a segment margin for each of our three businesses in the discussion below.
consistent with our internal management reporting processes, the below operating segment presentation for fiscal 2021 is noted to include any revenues adjustments related to cloud services and license support contracts that would have otherwise been recorded by the acquired businesses as independent entities but were not recognized in our consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2021 due to certain business combination accounting requirements that were eliminated in fiscal 2022. refer to "supplemental disclosure related to certain charges" below for additional discussion of these items and note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for a reconciliation of the summations of our total operating segment revenues as presented in the discussion below to total revenues as presented per our consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2021.
in addition, research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of intangible assets, certain other expense allocations, acquisition related and other expenses, restructuring expenses, interest expense, non-operating expenses or income, net and (provision for) benefit from income taxes are not attributed to our three operating segments because our management does not view the performance of our three businesses including such items and/or it is impracticable to do so. refer to "supplemental disclosure related to certain charges" below for additional discussion of certain of these items and note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for a
index to financial statements reconciliation of the summations of total segment margin as presented in the discussion below to total income before income taxes as presented per our consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2022 and 2021.
we experienced covid-19 related impacts to our businesses during fiscal 2022 and 2021. certain of these historical impacts to our operating results are further discussed below. any future impacts are currently unknown.
•   as described further below and in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report, we remitted and recorded $4.7 billion for certain litigation related charges during fiscal 2022;
•   as described further above, oracle withdrew its operations from the russian federation and the republic of belarus in march 2022. oracle recorded fiscal 2022 revenues of $248 million from these two countries, a reduction of $118 million relative to fiscal 2021. no revenues are expected to be recognized from these two countries prospectively; and
•   as described further below and in notes 1 and 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report, we recorded a $2.3 billion one-time net deferred tax benefit during fiscal 2021 that related to a partial realignment of our legal entity structure that resulted in the intra-group transfer of certain intellectual property rights.
constant currency presentation our international operations have provided and are expected to continue to provide a significant portion of each of our businesses' revenues and expenses. as a result, each of our businesses' revenues and expenses and our total revenues and expenses will continue to be affected by changes in the u.s. dollar against major international currencies. in order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed, excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations, we compare the percent change in the results from one period to another period in this annual report using constant currency disclosure. to present this information, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than u.s. dollars are converted into u.s. dollars at constant exchange rates (i.e., the rates in effect on may 31, 2021, which was the last day of our prior fiscal year) rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. for example, if an entity reporting in euros had revenues of 1.0 million euros from products sold on may 31, 2022 and 2021, our financial statements would reflect reported revenues of $1.07 million in fiscal 2022 (using 1.07 as the month-end average exchange rate for the period) and $1.22 million in fiscal 2021 (using 1.22 as the month-end average exchange rate for the period). the constant currency presentation, however, would translate the fiscal 2022 results using the fiscal 2021 exchange rate and indicate, in this example, no change in revenues during the period. in each of the tables below, we present the percent change based on actual, unrounded results in reported currency and in constant currency.
index to financial statements total revenues and operating expenses year ended may 31,
percent change
total revenues by business:
% revenues by business:
excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations, our total revenues increased in fiscal 2022 due to growth in our cloud and license business' revenues and services business' revenues, which were partially offset by a decline in our hardware business' revenues. the constant currency increase in our cloud and license business' revenues during fiscal 2022 relative to fiscal 2021 was attributable to growth in our cloud services and license support revenues and cloud license and on-premise license revenues as customers purchased our applications and infrastructure technologies via cloud and license deployment models. customers also renewed their related cloud contracts and license support contracts to continue to gain access to the latest versions of our technologies and to receive support services. the constant currency increase in our services business' revenues during fiscal 2022 relative to fiscal 2021 was attributable to an increase in revenues for each of our primary services offerings. the constant currency decrease in our hardware business' revenues during fiscal 2022 relative to fiscal 2021 was due to the emphasis we placed on the marketing and sale of our growing cloud-based infrastructure technologies and the de-emphasis of our sales and marketing efforts for certain of our non-strategic hardware products and related support services. in constant currency, the americas, emea and asia pacific regions contributed 68%, 22% and 10%, respectively, to our total revenue growth during fiscal 2022.
excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations, our total operating expenses increased during fiscal 2022 relative to fiscal 2021 substantially due to certain litigation related charges recorded to acquisition related and other expenses as further described in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. in addition, our total operating expenses increased due to higher cloud services and license support expenses, which were primarily due to higher employee related expenses and infrastructure investments that were made to support the increase in our cloud and license business' revenues; higher services expenses, which increased primarily due to higher employee related and external contractor expenses; and higher research and development and general and administrative expenses, both of which increased primarily due to higher employee related expenses. these constant currency expense increases were partially offset by lower amortization of intangible assets, lower restructuring expenses and by $250 million of gains from operating asset sales, which were allocated across most of our operating expense lines during fiscal 2022. during fiscal 2022 and
index to financial statements
2021, we curtailed certain variable expenditures including employee travel expenses, among others, primarily in response to covid-19. we expect certain of these expenses may normalize in future periods provided global economic and health conditions improve.
in constant currency, our total operating margin and total operating margin as a percentage of total revenues decreased in fiscal 2022, relative to fiscal 2021, substantially due to the unfavorable impact of the fiscal 2022 litigation related charges referenced above, partially offset by higher fiscal 2022 total margin generated by our operating segments and the aforementioned gains from operating asset sales during fiscal 2022.
supplemental disclosure related to certain charges to supplement our consolidated financial information, we believe that the following information is helpful to an overall understanding of our past financial performance and prospects for the future.
our operating results reported pursuant to gaap included the following business combination accounting adjustments and expenses related to acquisitions and certain other expense and income items that affected our gaap net income:
cloud services and license support deferred revenues(1)                 $-                         $2
amortization of intangible assets(2)                                 1,150                      1,379
acquisition related and other(3)                                     4,713                        138
restructuring(4)                                                       191                        431
(1)   due to business combination accounting rules that were applicable to acquisitions closed prior to fiscal 2022, we have estimated the fair values of the cloud services and license support contracts assumed and did not recognize the cloud services and license support revenue amounts presented in the above table for fiscal 2021 that would have otherwise been recorded by the acquired businesses as independent entities upon delivery of the contractual obligations. to the extent customers for which these contractual obligations pertain renew these contracts with us, we expect to recognize revenues for the full contracts' values over the respective contracts' renewal periods.
()   represents the amortization of intangible assets, substantially all of which were acquired in connection with our acquisitions. as of may 31, 2022, estimated future amortization related to intangible assets was as follows (in millions):
total intangible assets, net      $1,440
()   acquisition related and other expenses consisted of personnel related costs for transitional and certain other employees, certain business combination adjustments including certain adjustments after the measurement period has ended, and certain other operating items, net. for fiscal 2022, acquisition related and other expenses also included certain litigation related charges as further described in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. we consider the litigation related charges that are included in this line item to be outside our ordinary course of business based on the following considerations: (i) the unprecedented nature of the litigation related charges including the nature and size of the damages awarded; (ii) the dissimilarity of this litigation and related charges to recurring litigation of which we are a party in the normal course of business, for which any and all such charges are included in our gaap operating results and are not separately quantified and disclosed within this line item or any other line in the table presented above; (iii) the complexity of the case; (iv) the counterparty involved; and (v) our expectation that litigation related charges of this nature will not recur in future periods; among other factors.
()   restructuring expenses during fiscal 2022 primarily related to employee severance in connection with our fiscal 2022 oracle restructuring plan (2022 restructuring plan). restructuring expenses during fiscal 2021 primarily related to employee severance in connection with our fiscal 2019 oracle restructuring plan (2019 restructuring plan). additional information regarding certain of our restructuring plans is provided in management's discussion below under "restructuring expenses," and in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
index to financial statements
()   stock-based compensation was included in the following operating expense line items of our consolidated statements of operations (in millions):
cloud services and license support                        $205                      $134
sales and marketing                                        448                       313
research and development                                 1,633                     1,188
()   for fiscal 2022, the applicable jurisdictional tax rates applied to our income before income taxes after excluding the tax effects of items within the table above such as for stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring, and certain acquisition related and other items, and after excluding the net deferred tax effects associated with a previously recorded income tax benefit that resulted from a partial realignment of our legal entity structure, resulted in an effective tax rate of 16.3%, instead of 12.2%, which represented our effective tax rate as derived per our consolidated statement of operations. for fiscal 2021, the applicable jurisdictional tax rates applied to our income before income taxes after excluding the tax effects of items within the table above such as for stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring, and certain other acquisition related items, and after excluding a $2.3 billion net tax benefit arising from the increase of a deferred tax asset associated with a partial realignment of our legal entity structure and any related deferred tax expense resulted in an effective tax rate of 15.9%, instead of (5.7%), which represented our effective tax rate as derived per our consolidated statement of operations.
cloud and license business our cloud and license business engages in the sale and marketing of our applications and infrastructure technologies that are delivered through various deployment models and include: oracle license support offerings; oracle cloud services offerings; and oracle cloud license and on-premise license offerings. license support revenues are typically generated through the sale of applications and infrastructure license support contracts related to cloud licenses and on-premise licenses; are purchased by our customers at their option; and are generally recognized as revenues ratably over the contractual term, which is generally one year. our cloud services deliver applications and infrastructure technologies on a subscription basis via cloud-based deployment models that we develop, provide unspecified updates and enhancements for, deploy, host, manage and support. revenues for our cloud services are generally recognized over the contractual term, which is generally one to three years, or in the case of usage model contracts, as the cloud services are consumed. cloud license and on-premise license revenues represent fees earned from granting customers licenses, generally on a perpetual basis, to use our database and middleware and our applications software products within cloud and on-premise it environments and are generally recognized up front at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer to download and use. we continue to place significant emphasis, both domestically and internationally, on direct sales through our own sales force. we also continue to market certain of our offerings through indirect channels. costs associated with our cloud and license business are included in cloud services and license support expenses, and sales and marketing expenses. these costs are largely personnel and infrastructure related including the cost of providing our cloud services and license support offerings, salaries and commissions earned by our sales force for the sale of our cloud and license offerings, and marketing program costs.
index to financial statements year ended may 31,
percent change
cloud services and license support(2)                                  4,915              19%               20%              4,133
sales and marketing(2)                                                 7,054               4%                5%              6,799
cloud services and license support(1)                                $30,174               5%                6%            $28,702
cloud services and license support revenues by ecosystem:
applications cloud services and license support                      $12,612               8%                8%            $11,713
infrastructure cloud services and license support                     17,562               3%                5%             16,989
total cloud services and license support revenues                    $30,174               5%                6%            $28,702
(1)   revenues presented for fiscal 2021 included cloud services and license support revenue adjustments related to certain cloud services and license support contracts that would have otherwise been recorded as revenues by the acquired businesses as independent entities but were not recognized in our gaap-based consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2021 due to business combination accounting rules that were applicable to acquisitions closed prior to fiscal 2022. such revenue adjustments were included in our operating segment results for fiscal 2021 for purposes of reporting to and review by our codms. see "presentation of operating segment results and other financial information" above for additional information.
(2)   excludes stock-based compensation and certain expense allocations. also excludes amortization of intangible assets and certain other gaap-based expenses, which were not allocated to our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our codms, as further described under "presentation of operating segment results and other financial information" above.
excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations, our cloud and license business' total revenues increased in fiscal 2022 relative to fiscal 2021 due to growth in our cloud services and license support revenues and growth in our cloud license and on-premise license revenues as customers purchased our applications and infrastructure technologies via cloud and license deployment models and renewed their related cloud contracts and license support contracts to continue to gain access to the latest versions of our technologies and to receive support for which we delivered such cloud and support services during fiscal 2022. our total cloud services revenues increased to $10.8 billion in fiscal 2022 from $8.9 billion in fiscal 2021 due to growth in our oracle saas and oci offerings. in constant currency, the americas, emea and asia pacific regions contributed 71%, 18% and 11%, respectively, of the constant currency revenue growth for this business in fiscal 2022.
in constant currency, our total cloud and license business' expenses increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 due to higher cloud services and license support expenses, primarily due to higher employee related expenses due to higher headcount and higher technology infrastructure expenses to support the increase in our cloud and license business' revenues; and higher sales and marketing expenses, primarily due to higher employee related expenses from higher headcount. these constant currency expense increases were partially offset by an allocation of a portion of the gains from fiscal 2022 operating asset sales as described above. our cloud services and license support expenses have grown in recent periods and we expect this growth to continue to accelerate in
index to financial statements fiscal 2023 as we increase our existing data center capacity and establish data centers in new geographic locations in order to meet current and expected customer demand.
excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, our cloud and license business' total margin increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 due to fiscal 2022 increases in total revenues for this business, while total fiscal 2022 margin as a percentage of revenues for this business decreased slightly due to expenses growth.
hardware business our hardware business' revenues are generated from the sales of our oracle engineered systems, server, storage, and industry-specific hardware offerings. the hardware product and related software, such as an operating system or firmware, are highly interdependent and interrelated and are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. the revenues for this combined performance obligation are generally recognized at the point in time that the hardware product is delivered to the customer and ownership is transferred to the customer. our hardware business also earns revenues from the sale of hardware support contracts purchased by our customers at their option and that are generally recognized as revenues ratably as the hardware support services are delivered over the contractual term, which is generally one year. the majority of our hardware products are sold through indirect channels such as independent distributors and value-added resellers and we also market and sell our hardware products through our direct sales force. operating expenses associated with our hardware business include the cost of hardware products, which consists of expenses for materials and labor used to produce these products by our internal manufacturing operations or by third-party manufacturers, warranty and related expenses and the impact of periodic changes in inventory valuation, including the impact of inventory determined to be excess and obsolete; the cost of materials used to repair customer products with eligible support contracts; the cost of labor and infrastructure to provide support services; and sales and marketing expenses, which are largely personnel related and include variable compensation earned by our sales force for the sales of our hardware offerings.
percent change
hardware products and support(1)               944               0%                2%               945
sales and marketing(1)                         361              -7%               -5%               388
()   excludes stock-based compensation and certain expense allocations. also excludes amortization of intangible assets and certain other gaap-based expenses, which were not allocated to our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our codms, as further described under "presentation of operating segments and other financial information" above.
our constant currency hardware revenues decreased in fiscal 2022 relative to fiscal 2021, primarily due to our continued emphasis on the marketing and sale of our cloud-based infrastructure technologies and strategic hardware offerings and the de-emphasis of our sales and marketing efforts for certain of our nonstrategic hardware products, which resulted in reduced sales volumes of certain of our hardware product lines and also
index to financial statements impacted the volume of hardware support contracts sold in recent periods. our hardware business' revenues were also adversely impacted during fiscal 2022 and 2021 due to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, including global supply chain shortages for technology components that resulted in certain manufacturing delays, and any such prospective impacts are unknown. geographically, we experienced constant currency revenue declines in the americas and the asia pacific regions during fiscal 2022, partially offset by constant currency revenue increases in the emea region.
in constant currency, our hardware business' total margin and total margin as a percentage of revenues decreased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to lower total revenues for this business.
services business our services offerings are designed to help maximize the performance of customer investments in oracle applications and infrastructure technologies and substantially include our consulting services and advanced customer services offerings. services revenues are generally recognized over time as the services are performed. the cost of providing our services consists primarily of personnel related expenses, technology infrastructure expenditures, facilities expenses and external contractor expenses.
percent change
(1)   excludes stock-based compensation and certain allocations. also excludes certain other gaap-based expenses, which were not allocated to our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our codms, as further described under "presentation of operating segments and other financial information" above.
excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, our total services revenues increased in fiscal 2022 relative to fiscal 2021 primarily due to revenue increases in each of our primary services offerings. in constant currency, the americas, the emea and the asia pacific regions contributed 53%, 44% and 3%, respectively, to the revenue growth for this business in fiscal 2022.
in constant currency, total services expenses increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to higher employee related expenses due to higher headcount and higher external contractor expenses.
in constant currency, our services business' total margin increased during fiscal 2022 relative to fiscal 2021 due to higher total revenues for this business. in constant currency, total margin as a percentage of total services revenues was flat during fiscal 2022 relative to fiscal 2021.
research and development expenses:   research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel related expenditures. we intend to continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because, in our judgment, they are essential to maintaining our competitive position.
index to financial statements year ended may 31,
percent change
research and development(1)            $5,586           5%              5%                  $5,339
on a constant currency basis, total research and development expenses increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to higher employee related expenses due to increased headcount and higher stock-based compensation expenses. this constant currency expense increase was partially offset by an allocation of gains from fiscal 2022 operating asset sales as described above.
general and administrative expenses: general and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel related expenditures for it, finance, legal and human resources support functions.
percent change
excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations, total general and administrative expenses increased in fiscal 2022 primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expenses. this constant currency expense increase was partially offset by an allocation of gains from fiscal 2022 operating asset sales as described above.
amortization of intangible assets:   substantially all of our intangible assets were acquired through our business combinations. we amortize our intangible assets over, and monitor the appropriateness of, the estimated useful lives of these assets. we also periodically review these intangible assets for potential impairment based upon relevant facts and circumstances. note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report has additional information regarding our intangible assets and related amortization.
percent change
developed technology                                                               $475             -24%              -23%            $621
cloud services and license support agreements and related relationships             592             -11%              -11%             669
total amortization of intangible assets                                          $1,150             -17%              -17%          $1,379
amortization of intangible assets decreased in fiscal 2022 due to a reduction in expenses associated with certain of our intangible assets that became fully amortized, partially offset by a smaller amount of additional amortization from intangible assets that we acquired in connection with our recent acquisitions.
acquisition related and other expenses: acquisition related and other expenses consist of personnel related costs for transitional and certain other employees, certain business combination adjustments, including adjustments after the measurement period has ended, and certain other operating items, net.
index to financial statements year ended may 31,
percent change
transitional and other employee related costs               $10           88%             87%                 $5
business combination adjustments, net                         9           109%            108%                 4
total acquisition related and other expenses             $4,713           *               *                 $138
on a constant currency basis, acquisition related and other expenses increased during fiscal 2022 due to litigation related charges of $4.7 billion, which we generally do not expect to recur, as further described in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
restructuring expenses: restructuring expenses resulted from the execution of management approved restructuring plans that were generally developed to improve our cost structure and/or operations, often in conjunction with our acquisition integration strategies and/or other strategic initiatives. restructuring expenses consist of employee severance costs, contract termination costs and certain other exit costs to improve our cost structure prospectively. for additional information regarding our restructuring plans, see note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
percent change
restructuring expenses          $191           -56%            -56%              $431
restructuring expenses in fiscal 2022 primarily related to our 2022 restructuring plan. restructuring expenses in fiscal 2021 primarily related to our 2019 restructuring plan, which is substantially complete. our management approved, committed to and initiated the 2022 restructuring plan and the 2019 restructuring plan in order to restructure and further improve efficiencies in our operations. we may incur additional restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with existing restructuring plans.
the majority of the initiatives undertaken by our 2022 restructuring plan were effected to implement our continued emphasis in developing, marketing, selling and delivering our cloud-based offerings. certain of the cost savings realized pursuant to our 2022 restructuring plan initiatives were offset by investments in resources and geographies that better address the development, marketing, sale and delivery of our cloud‐based offerings including investments in the development and delivery of our second‐generation cloud infrastructure.
percent change
index to financial statements non-operating (expenses) income, net:   non-operating (expenses) income, net consists primarily of interest income, net foreign currency exchange losses, the noncontrolling interests in the net profits of our majority-owned subsidiaries (primarily oracle financial services software limited and oracle corporation japan), net gains and losses related to equity investments including losses attributable to equity method investments and net other income and expenses, including net unrealized gains and losses from our investment portfolio related to our deferred compensation plan, and non-service net periodic pension income and losses.
percent change
foreign currency losses, net                          (199   )       79%             79%                 (112   )
noncontrolling interests in income                    (184   )       2%              2%                  (180   )
(losses) gains in equity investments, net             (147   )       *               *                    262
other (losses) gains, net                              (86   )       *               *                    211
in constant currency, we incurred non-operating expenses, net in fiscal 2022 in comparison to non-operating income, net that we recorded in fiscal 2021. non-operating expenses, net increased during fiscal 2022 primarily due to higher net foreign currency losses; higher net losses from equity investments, primarily due to an unrealized gain of $299 million recorded in fiscal 2021 for certain non-marketable equity securities with no such corresponding gain recorded in fiscal 2022; higher losses in fiscal 2022 associated with equity investments for which we follow the equity method of accounting; and higher other expense, net, which was primarily attributable to higher unrealized investment losses associated with certain marketable equity securities that we held for employee benefit plans, and for which an equal and offsetting amount was recorded to our operating expenses during the same period.
(provision for) benefit from income taxes:   our effective income tax rates for each of the periods presented were the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rates. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for a discussion regarding the differences between the effective income tax rates as presented for the periods below and the u.s. federal statutory income tax rates that were in effect during these periods. future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by an unfavorable shift of earnings weighted to jurisdictions with higher tax rates, by unfavorable changes in tax laws and regulations, by adverse rulings in tax related litigation, or by shortfalls in stock-based compensation realized by employees relative to stock-based compensation that was recorded for book purposes, among others.
percent change
(provision for) benefit from income taxes       $(932     )       *               *                   $747
effective tax expense (benefit) rate            12.2%                                               (5.7%)
provision for income taxes increased during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to the absence of a favorable impact of $2.3 billion net tax benefit arising from an increase in a net deferred tax asset associated with a partial realignment of our legal entity structure that resulted in the intra-group transfer of certain intellectual property rights in fiscal 2021. this unfavorable variance was partially offset by lower income taxes of $824 million associated with lower pre-tax income in fiscal 2022 that was primarily attributable to certain litigation related charges as further described in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report and, to a much lesser extent, a favorable jurisdictional mix of earnings partially offset by a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits due to settlements with tax authorities and other events.
index to financial statements liquidity and capital resources as of may 31,
(dollars in millions)                              2022                    change   2021
working capital                                          $12,122           -61%           $31,403
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities         $21,902           -53%           $46,554
working capital: the decrease in working capital as of may 31, 2022 in comparison to may 31, 2021 was primarily due to $16.2 billion of cash used for repurchases of our common stock, $4.7 billion of cash paid for certain litigation related charges that we generally do not expect to recur, $3.8 billion of long-term senior notes that were reclassified to current liabilities, cash used to pay dividends to our stockholders and cash used for capital expenditures during fiscal 2022. these unfavorable impacts were partially offset by the favorable impacts to our net current assets resulting from our net income, net cash proceeds of $318 million associated with the sale of certain operating assets, and cash proceeds from stock option exercises, all of which occurred during fiscal 2022. our working capital may be impacted by some or all of the aforementioned factors in future periods, the amounts and timing of which are variable.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities:  cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of deposits held at major banks, money market funds and other securities with original maturities of 90 days or less. marketable securities consist of time deposits, marketable equity securities and certain other securities. the decrease in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at may 31, 2022 in comparison to may 31, 2021 was primarily due to $16.2 billion of settled repurchases of our common stock, $8.3 billion of debt repayments, $4.7 billion of cash paid for certain litigation related charges that we generally do not expect to recur, payments of cash dividends to our stockholders and cash used for capital expenditures. these cash outflows during fiscal 2022 were partially offset by certain cash inflows generated by our normal business operations, from the sales of certain operating assets, and from stock option exercises during fiscal 2022.
(dollars in millions)                                  2022                        change   2021
net cash provided by operating activities                       $9,539             -40%          $15,887
net cash provided by (used for) investing activities           $11,220             *             $(13,098      )
net cash used for financing activities                        $(29,126    )        181%          $(10,378      )
cash flows from operating activities: our largest source of operating cash flows is cash collections from our customers following the purchase and renewal of their license support agreements. payments from customers for these license support agreements are generally received near the beginning of the contracts' terms, which are generally one year in length. over the course of a fiscal year, we also have historically generated cash from the sales of new licenses, cloud services, hardware offerings and other services. our primary uses of cash from operating activities are typically for employee related expenditures, material and manufacturing costs related to the production of our hardware products, taxes, interest payments and leased facilities.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to lower net income that was primarily the result of cash payments made in connection with certain litigation related charges that we generally do not expect to recur and certain other cash unfavorable working capital changes, net, in each case during fiscal 2022 in comparison to fiscal 2021.
cash flows from investing activities: the changes in cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to the timing of our purchases, maturities and sales of our investments in marketable securities, and investments in capital and other assets, including certain intangible assets, to support our growth.
net cash provided by investing activities was $11.2 billion during fiscal 2022 in comparison to net cash used for investing activities of $13.1 billion during fiscal 2021. the increase in net cash provided by investing activities during fiscal 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in the cash used for the purchases of marketable securities and
index to financial statements other investments, partially offset by a decrease in cash proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments and an increase in cash used for capital expenditures, in each case during fiscal 2022 in comparison to fiscal 2021.
cash flows from financing activities: the changes in cash flows from financing activities primarily relate to borrowings and repayments related to our debt instruments, stock repurchases, dividend payments and net proceeds related to employee stock programs.
net cash used for financing activities during fiscal 2022 increased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to an issuance of $15.0 billion of senior notes in fiscal 2021 with no corresponding issuance of senior notes in fiscal 2022, higher debt repayments, higher net cash used for our employee stock program, and higher payments of dividends, partially offset by lower stock repurchases, in each case during fiscal 2022 in comparison to fiscal 2021.
free cash flow: to supplement our statements of cash flows presented on a gaap basis, we use non-gaap measures of cash flows on a trailing 4-quarter basis to analyze cash flows generated from our operations. we believe that free cash flow is also useful as one of the bases for comparing our performance with our competitors. the presentation of non-gaap free cash flow is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income as an indicator of our performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. we calculate free cash flow as follows:
(dollars in millions)                       2022                         change   2021
net cash provided by operating activities             $9,539               -40%             $15,887
capital expenditures                                  (4,511    )          111%              (2,135   )
recent financing activities:
credit agreements and related borrowings:  in march 2022, we entered into a $6.0 billion, five-year revolving credit agreement (the revolving credit agreement) and a $15.7 billion, 364-day delayed draw term loan credit agreement (the bridge credit agreement). in june 2022, in connection with the acquisition of cerner, we borrowed $15.7 billion pursuant to the bridge credit agreement. additional information is included in notes 7 and 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
cash dividends:   in fiscal 2022, we declared and paid cash dividends of $1.28 per share that totaled $3.5 billion. in june 2022, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.32 per share of our outstanding common stock payable on july 26, 2022 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on july 12, 2022. future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of our board of directors.
common stock repurchase program: our board of directors has approved a program for us to repurchase shares of our common stock. on december 9, 2021, we announced that our board of directors approved an expansion of our stock repurchase program by an additional $10.0 billion. as of may 31, 2022, approximately $9.4 billion remained available for stock repurchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program. we repurchased 185.8 million shares for $16.2 billion, 329.2 million shares for $21.0 billion, and 361.0 million shares for $19.2 billion in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. our stock repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and the pace of our repurchase activity will depend on factors such as our working capital needs, our cash requirements for acquisitions and dividend payments, our debt repayment obligations or repurchases of our debt, our stock price, and economic and market conditions. our stock repurchases may be effected from time to time through open market purchases and pursuant to a rule 10b5-1 plan. our stock repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time.
index to financial statements contractual obligations:   our largest contractual obligations as of may 31, 202 consisted of:
•   our acquisition of cerner, which closed on june 8, 2022 and for which we borrowed $15.7 billion on the same day pursuant to the bridge credit agreement;
•   routine tax payments including those that are payable pursuant to the transition tax under the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 that are included in our consolidated balance sheet;
•   operating lease liabilities that are included in our consolidated balance sheet; and
•   other contractual commitments associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding.
in addition, as of may 31, 2022, we had $8.9 billion of gross unrecognized income tax benefits, including related interest and penalties, recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, the nature of which is uncertain with respect to settlement or release with the relevant tax authorities, although we believe it is reasonably possible that certain of these liabilities could be settled or released during fiscal 2023. we are involved in claims and legal proceedings, which are inherently uncertain with respect to outcomes, estimates and assumptions that we make as of each reporting period, are inherently unpredictable, and many aspects are out of our control. notes 2, 7, 13 and 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report include additional information regarding our most material contractual obligations and contingencies.
we believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, and the revolving credit agreement and the bridge credit agreement will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures and contractual obligations requirements. in addition, we believe that we could fund our future acquisitions, dividend payments and repurchases of common stock or debt with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities.
stock-based awards our stock-based compensation program is a key component of the compensation package we provide to attract and retain certain of our talented employees and align their interests with the interests of existing stockholders.
we recognize that stock-based awards dilute existing stockholders and have sought to control the number of stock-based awards granted while providing competitive compensation packages. consistent with these dual goals, our cumulative potential dilution since june 1, 2019 has been a weighted-average annualized rate of 1.3% per year. the potential dilution percentage is calculated as the average annualized new stock-based awards granted and assumed, net of stock-based awards forfeited by employees leaving the company, divided by the weighted-average outstanding shares during the calculation period. this maximum potential dilution will only result if all stock-based awards vest and, if applicable, are exercised. of the outstanding stock options at may 31, 2022, which generally have a ten-year exercise period, all have exercise prices lower than the market price of our common stock on such date. in recent years, our stock repurchase program has more than offset the dilutive effect of our stock-based compensation program. however, we may modify the levels of our stock repurchases in the future depending on a number of factors, including the amount of cash we have available for acquisitions, to pay dividends, to repay or repurchase indebtedness or for other purposes. as of may 31, 2022, the maximum potential dilution from all outstanding stock-based awards, regardless of when granted and regardless of whether vested or unvested, was 8.4%.
during fiscal 2022, the compensation committee of the board of directors reviewed and approved the annual organization-wide stock-based award grants to selected employees; all stock-based award grants to senior officers; and any individual grant of restricted stock units of 62,500 or greater. each member of a separate executive officer committee, referred to as the plan committee, was allocated a fiscal 2022 equity budget that could be used throughout the fiscal year to grant equity within his or her organization, subject to certain limitations established by the compensation committee.
index to financial statements stock-based awards activity from june 1, 2019 through may 31, 2022 is summarized as follows (shares in millions):
forfeitures, cancellations and other, net                                                                                                                                                                                                  (54   )
weighted-average annualized stock-based awards granted and assumed, net of forfeitures and cancellations                                                                                                                                    39
weighted-average annualized stock-based awards granted and assumed, net of forfeitures and cancellations and before stock repurchases, as a percent of weighted-average shares outstanding from june 1, 2019 through may 31, 2022         1.3%
weighted-average annualized stock-based awards granted and assumed, net of forfeitures and cancellations and after stock repurchases, as a percent of weighted-average shares outstanding from june 1, 2019 through may 31, 2022         -8.6%
recent accounting pronouncements for information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements, if any, and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, if any, see note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.