item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
our business executive overview our operations other relationships                                                                  31
our business risks                                                                   31
our financial results results of operations - consolidated review                                          37
results of operations - division review                                              39
europe amesa apac non-gaap measures items affecting comparability                                                        46
our liquidity and capital resources                                                  49
material changes in line items in our consolidated financial statements              52
return on invested capital our critical accounting policies and estimates revenue recognition goodwill and other intangible assets income tax expense and accruals pension and retiree medical plans consolidated statement of income consolidated statement of comprehensive income consolidated statement of cash flows consolidated balance sheet consolidated statement of equity notes to the consolidated financial statements note 1 - basis of presentation and our divisions note 2 - our significant accounting policies                                         72
note 3 - restructuring and impairment charges                                        76
note 4 - intangible assets                                                           78
note 9 - financial instruments                                                       97
note 10 - net income attributable to pepsico per common share note 11 - accumulated other comprehensive loss attributable to pepsico note 12 - leases note 13 - acquisitions and divestitures                                             105
note 14 - supplemental financial information                                        108
report of independent registered public accounting firm                             110
our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. definitions of key terms can be found in the glossary. unless otherwise noted, tabular dollars are presented in millions, except per share amounts. all per share amounts reflect common stock per share amounts, assume dilution unless otherwise noted, and are based on unrounded amounts. percentage changes are based on unrounded amounts.
discussion in this form 10-k includes results of operations and financial condition for 2022 and 2021 and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. for discussion on results of operations and financial condition pertaining to 2020 and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020, please refer to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 25, 2021.
our business executive overview pepsico is a leading global beverage and convenient food company with a complementary portfolio of brands, including lay's, doritos, cheetos, gatorade, pepsi-cola, mountain dew, quaker and sodastream. through our operations, authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers and other third parties, we make, market, distribute and sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods, serving customers and consumers in more than 200 countries and territories.
as a global company with deep local ties, we faced many of the same challenges in 2022 as our consumers, customers, and competitors across the world, including supply chain disruptions; inflationary pressures; shifting consumer preferences and behaviors; another year of the covid-19 pandemic; a worsening climate crisis; a highly competitive operating environment; a rapidly changing retail landscape, including the growth in e-commerce; continued macroeconomic and political volatility, including the deadly conflict in ukraine; and an evolving regulatory landscape.
to meet the challenges of today - and those of tomorrow - we are driven by an approach called pep+ (pepsico positive). pep+ is a strategic end-to-end transformation of our business, with sustainability and human capital at the center of how the company will strive to create growth and value by operating within planetary boundaries and inspiring positive change for the planet and people. pep+ guides how we are working to transform our business operations, from sourcing ingredients and making and selling products in a more sustainable way, to leveraging our more than one billion connections with consumers each day to take sustainability mainstream and engage people to make choices that are better for themselves and the planet.
pep+ drives action and progress across three key pillars, bringing together a number of industry-leading 2030 sustainability goals under a comprehensive framework:
•positive agriculture: we are working to spread regenerative practices to restore the earth across seven million acres of land, an area approximately equal to our entire agricultural footprint, sustainably source key crops and ingredients, and improve the livelihoods of more people in our agricultural supply chain. in 2022, we elevated a number of external strategic partnerships and key engagements with this focus, including a partnership with archer daniels midland company (adm) to scale regenerative agriculture across our shared supply chains, up to 2 million acres; a research agreement with mit to develop a more precise measurement of the greenhouse gas impact of regenerative agriculture practices; a strategic engagement with corteva focused on agriculture sustainability, new substrates, and affordability in food corn and vegetable oils; and a joint effort with a start-up called n-drip to scale advantaged micro irrigation technology that can provide water-saving, crop-enhancing benefits to farmers around the world.
•positive value chain: we are working to build a circular and inclusive value chain through actions to: achieve net-zero emissions by 2040; become net water positive by 2030; and introduce more sustainable packaging into the value chain. our packaging goals include cutting virgin plastic per serving, using more recycled content in our plastic packaging, and scaling our sodastream business globally, potentially eliminating the need for more than 200 billion plastic bottles by 2030. in 2022, we also announced a new global packaging goal intended to double the percentage of all beverage servings delivered through reusable models from 10% to 20% by 2030. additionally, we are making progress on our diversity, equity and inclusion journey around the world. and we continue to empower each one of our approximately 315,000 employees to make a positive impact in their communities through our global workforce volunteering program, one smile at a time.
•positive choices: we continue working to evolve our portfolio of convenient food & beverage products so that they are better for the planet and people, including by incorporating more diverse ingredients in both new and existing products, prioritizing chickpeas, plant-based proteins and whole grains; expanding our position in the nuts & seeds category; accelerating our reduction of added sugars and sodium through the use of science-based targets across our portfolio; and offering more products with healthier oils. we are also continuing to scale new business models that require little or no single-use packaging, including the iconic sodastream, already sold in more than 45 countries, and the new sodastream professional platform, allowing users to personalize their choices in reusable containers at home or on the go.
we believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth.
see also "item 1a. risk factors" for further information about risks and uncertainties that the company faces.
our operations see "item 1. business" for information on our divisions and a description of our distribution network, ingredients and other supplies, brands and intellectual property rights, seasonality, customers, competition, research and development, regulatory matters and human capital. in addition, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for financial information about our divisions and geographic areas.
other relationships certain members of our board also serve on the boards of certain vendors and customers. these board members do not participate in our vendor selection and negotiations nor in our customer negotiations. our transactions with these vendors and customers are in the normal course of business and are consistent with terms negotiated with other vendors and customers. in addition, certain of our employees serve on the boards of pepsi bottling ventures llc and other affiliated companies of pepsico and do not receive incremental compensation for such services.
our business risks risks associated with commodities and our supply chain during 2022, we continued to experience significantly higher operating costs, including on transportation, labor and commodity (including energy) costs, which we expect to continue in 2023. many of the commodities used in the production and transportation of our products are purchased in the open market. the prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, including swaps and futures. a number of external factors, including the deadly conflict in ukraine, the covid-19 pandemic, the inflationary cost environment, adverse weather conditions, supply chain disruptions
(including raw material shortages) and labor shortages, have impacted and may continue to impact transportation, labor and commodity availability and costs. when prices increase, we may or may not pass on such increases to our customers without suffering reduced volume, revenue, margins and operating results.
see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on how we manage our exposure to commodity prices.
risks associated with climate change certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the potential effects of climate change, including regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and potential carbon pricing programs. these new or increased legal or regulatory requirements, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, could result in significant increased costs and additional investments in facilities and equipment. however, we are unable to predict the scope, nature and timing of any new or increased environmental laws and regulations and therefore cannot predict the ultimate impact of such laws and regulations on our business or financial results. we continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such laws or regulations.
risks associated with international operations we are subject to risks in the normal course of business that are inherent to international operations. during the periods presented in this report, certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including in certain developing and emerging markets, operated in a challenging environment, experiencing unstable economic, political and social conditions, civil unrest, natural disasters, debt and credit issues and currency controls or fluctuations. we continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely, including risks of additional impairments or write-offs, and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results.
see notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of impairment charges recognized in the year ended december 31, 2022.
risks associated with the deadly conflict in ukraine in addition to the risks associated with international operations discussed above, we continue to face risks associated with the deadly conflict in ukraine. the conflict has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty, and certain of our operations in ukraine remain suspended. we have suspended sales to our customers of pepsi-cola and certain of our other global beverage brands, our discretionary capital investments and advertising and promotional activities in russia, which has negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact our business. we continue to offer our other products in russia. our operations in russia accounted for 5% and 4% of our consolidated net revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022 and december 25, 2021, respectively. russia accounted for 4% and 5% of our consolidated assets, including 9% and 1% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents, and 32% and 35% of our accumulated currency translation adjustment loss as of december 31, 2022 and december 25, 2021, respectively. our operations in ukraine accounted for 0.2% and 0.5% of our consolidated net revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022 and december 25, 2021, respectively. ukraine accounted for 0.1% and 0.3% of our consolidated assets as of december 31, 2022 and december 25, 2021, respectively.
the conflict has resulted and could continue to result in volatile commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to our information systems, reputational risks, heightened risks to employee safety, business disruptions (including labor shortages), significant volatility of the russian ruble, limitations on access to credit markets and other corporate banking services, including working capital facilities, reduced availability and increased costs for transportation, energy, packaging, raw materials and other input costs, environmental, health and safety risks related to securing and maintaining facilities, additional sanctions, export controls and other legislation or regulations (including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from russia). the ongoing conflict could result in the temporary or permanent loss of assets or additional impairment charges. we cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will continue to affect our employees, customers, operations or business partners or our ability to achieve certain of our sustainability goals. the conflict has adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect demand for our products and our global business. see notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the russia-ukraine conflict charges, including impairment charges, recognized in the year ended december 31, 2022.
the extent of the impact of these tragic events on our business remains uncertain and will continue to depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to accurately predict, including the duration and scope of the conflict, regional instability and ongoing and additional financial and economic sanctions, export controls and other legislation imposed by governments. we will continue to monitor and assess the situation as circumstances evolve and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results.
imposition of taxes and regulations on our products certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes or regulations on the manufacture, distribution or sale of our products or their packaging, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or their packaging, commodities used in the production of our products or their packaging or the recyclability or recoverability of our packaging. these taxes and regulations vary in scope and form. for example, some taxes apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). further, some regulations apply to all products using certain types of packaging (e.g., plastic), while others are designed to increase the sustainability of packaging, encourage waste reduction and increased recycling rates or facilitate the waste management process or restrict the sale of products in certain packaging.
we sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods in more than 200 countries and territories and the profile of the products we sell, the amount of revenue attributable to such products and the type of packaging used vary by jurisdiction. because of this, we cannot predict the scope or form potential taxes, regulations or other limitations on our products or their packaging may take, and therefore cannot predict the impact of such taxes, regulations or limitations on our financial results. in addition, taxes, regulations and limitations may impact us and our competitors differently. we continue to monitor existing and proposed taxes and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such taxes, regulations or limitations, including advocating alternative measures with respect to the imposition, form and scope of any such taxes, regulations or limitations.
retail landscape our industry continues to be affected by disruption of the retail landscape, including the continued growth in sales through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, including through subscription services, the integration of physical and digital operations among retailers and the international expansion of hard discounters. we have seen and expect to continue to see a further shift to e-commerce, online-to-
offline and other online purchasing by consumers, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our direct-to-consumer business, and distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results.
see also "item 1a. risk factors," "executive overview" above and "market risks" below for more information about these risks and the actions we have taken to address key challenges.
risk management framework the achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves risks, many of which evolve over time. to identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the company's operations and foster a corporate culture of integrity and risk awareness, we leverage an integrated risk management framework. this framework includes the following:
•pepsico's board has oversight responsibility for pepsico's integrated risk management framework. one of the board's primary responsibilities is overseeing and interacting with senior management with respect to key aspects of the company's business, including risk assessment and risk mitigation of the company's top risks. throughout the year, the board and relevant committees of the board receive updates from management with respect to various enterprise risk management issues and dedicate a portion of their meetings to reviewing and discussing specific risk topics in greater detail, including risks related to cybersecurity, food safety, sustainability, human capital management (including diversity, equity and inclusion) and supply chain and commodity inflation. the board receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding the company's top risks, including updates from members of management responsible for overseeing impacted areas (for example, the global chief information officer and chief information security officer), governance processes associated with managing these risks, the status of projects to strengthen the company's risk mitigation efforts and recent incidents impacting the industry and threat landscape. given that cybersecurity risks can impact various areas of responsibility of the committees of the board, the board believes it is useful and effective for the full board to maintain direct oversight over cybersecurity matters. in evaluating top risks, the board and management consider short-, medium- and long-term potential impacts on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations, including looking at the internal and external environment when evaluating risks, risk amplifiers and emerging trends, and considers the risk horizon as part of prioritizing the company's risk mitigation efforts. the board receives updates through presentations, memos and other written materials, teleconferences and other appropriate means of communication, with numerous opportunities for discussion and feedback, and continuously evaluates its approach in addressing top risks as circumstances evolve. for example, as part of risk updates to the board and relevant committees during 2022, the board or its relevant committee were provided updates on the impact of disruptive events, such as the russia-ukraine conflict, covid-19 and supply chain disruption and commodity inflation. the board also receives periodic updates from external experts and advisers on global macroeconomic trends and conditions that may impact the company's strategy and financial performance, including geopolitical conflicts, economic instability, labor market trends, changing consumer behavior, retail disruption and digitalization.
the board has tasked designated committees of the board with oversight of certain categories of risk management, and the committees report to the board regularly on these matters.
◦the audit committee of the board reviews and assesses the guidelines and policies governing pepsico's risk management and oversight processes, and assists the board's oversight of financial, compliance and employee safety risks facing pepsico. the audit committee also assists the board's oversight of the company's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the chief compliance & ethics officer, who reports to the general counsel, meets regularly with the audit committee, including in executive session without management present;
◦the compensation committee of the board reviews pepsico's employee compensation policies and practices to assess whether such policies and practices could lead to unnecessary risk-taking behavior;
◦the nominating and corporate governance committee assists the board in its oversight of the company's governance structure and other corporate governance matters, including succession planning; and
◦the sustainability, diversity and public policy committee of the board assists the board in its oversight of pepsico's policies, programs and related risks that concern key sustainability (including climate change), diversity, equity and inclusion, and public policy matters.
•the pepsico risk committee (prc) meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. the prc is also responsible for reporting progress on our risk mitigation efforts to the board. the prc is comprised of a cross-functional, geographically diverse, senior management group, including pepsico's chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, sector chief executive officers and the heads of corporate affairs, human resources, research & development, information technology, sustainability, strategy, transformation, international beverages, commercial, global operations, marketing and financial planning & analysis;
•division and key market risk committees, comprised of cross-functional senior management teams, meet regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address division and country-specific business risks;
•pepsico's risk management office, which manages the overall risk management process, provides ongoing guidance, tools and analytical support to the prc and the division and key country risk committees, identifies and assesses potential risks and facilitates ongoing communication between the parties, as well as with pepsico's board, the audit committee of the board and other committees of the board;
•pepsico's internal audit department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal controls through periodic audit and review procedures; and
•pepsico's compliance & ethics and law departments lead and coordinate our compliance policies and practices.
•pepsico's disclosure committee, comprised of the general counsel, controller and heads of internal audit, financial planning & analysis and investor relations, evaluates information from pepsico's integrated risk management framework as part of the disclosure committee's monitoring of the integrity and effectiveness of the company's disclosure controls and procedures. pepsico's risk oversight processes and disclosure controls and procedures are designed to appropriately escalate key risks to the board as well as to analyze potential risks for disclosure.
market risks we are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in:
•commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy;
•foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions; and
in the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-saving opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives. our global purchasing programs include fixed-price contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements. see "item 1a. risk factors" for further discussion of our market risks.
the fair value of our derivatives fluctuates based on market rates and prices. the sensitivity of our derivatives to these market fluctuations is discussed below. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these derivatives and our hedging policies. the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets is impacted by changes in market conditions, including interest rates and inflationary, deflationary and recessionary conditions. see "our critical accounting policies and estimates" for a discussion of the exposure of our goodwill and other intangible assets and pension and retiree medical plan assets and liabilities to risks related to market fluctuations.
inflationary, deflationary and recessionary conditions impacting these market risks also impact the demand for and pricing of our products. see "item 1a. risk factors" for further discussion.
commodity prices our commodity derivatives had a total notional value of $1.8 billion as of december 31, 2022 and $1.6 billion as of december 25, 2021. at the end of 2022, the potential change in fair value of commodity derivative instruments, assuming a 10% decrease in the underlying commodity price, would have decreased our net unrealized gains in 2022 by $176 million, which would generally be offset by a reduction in the cost of the underlying commodity purchases.
foreign exchange our operations outside of the united states generated 43% of our consolidated net revenue in 2022, with mexico, russia, canada, china, the united kingdom and south africa, collectively, comprising approximately 23% of our consolidated net revenue in 2022. as a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risks in the international markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold. additionally, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk from net investments in foreign subsidiaries, foreign currency purchases, foreign currency assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business. during 2022, unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net revenue growth by 3 percentage points, primarily due to declines in the turkish lira, euro, egyptian pound, british pound sterling and south african rand, partially offset by an appreciation of the russian ruble. currency declines against the u.s. dollar which are not offset could adversely impact our future financial results.
in addition, volatile economic, political and social conditions and civil unrest in certain markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including in argentina, brazil, china, mexico, the middle east, russia, turkey and ukraine, and currency controls or fluctuations in certain of these international markets, continue to, and the threat or imposition of new or increased tariffs or sanctions or other impositions in or related to these international markets may, result in challenging operating environments.
our foreign currency derivatives had a total notional value of $3.0 billion as of december 31, 2022 and $2.8 billion as of december 25, 2021. at the end of 2022, we estimate that an unfavorable 10% change in the underlying exchange rates would have decreased our net unrealized gains in 2022 by $298 million, which would be significantly offset by an inverse change in the fair value of the underlying exposure.
the total notional amount of our debt instruments designated as net investment hedges was $2.9 billion as of december 31, 2022 and $2.1 billion as of december 25, 2021.
interest rates our interest rate derivatives had a total notional value of $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2022 and $2.1 billion as of december 25, 2021. assuming year-end 2022 investment levels and variable rate debt, a 1-percentage-point increase in interest rates would have decreased our net interest expense in 2022 by $48 million due to higher cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments levels, as compared with our variable rate debt.
our financial results results of operations - consolidated review volume physical or unit volume is one of the key metrics management uses internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan and the evaluation of our business performance. we believe volume provides additional information to facilitate the comparison of our historical operating performance and underlying trends, and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. beginning in 2022, unit volume growth adjusts for the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and other structural changes. further, our fiscal 2022 results include an additional week (53rd reporting week). unit volume growth excludes the impact of the 53rd reporting week.
beverage volume includes volume of concentrate sold to independent bottlers and volume of finished products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks and allied brand products and joint venture trademarks sold by company-owned bottling operations. beverage volume also includes volume of finished products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks sold by our noncontrolled affiliates. concentrate volume sold to independent bottlers is reported in concentrate shipments and equivalents (cse), whereas finished beverage product volume is reported in bottler case sales (bcs). both cse and bcs convert all beverage volume to an 8-ounce-case metric. typically, cse and bcs are not equal in any given period due to seasonality, timing of product launches, product mix, bottler inventory practices and other factors. while our net revenue is not entirely based on bcs volume due to the independent bottlers in our supply chain, we believe that bcs is a better measure of the consumption of our beverage products. pbna, latam, europe, amesa and apac, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, make, market, distribute and sell ready-to-drink tea products through a joint venture with unilever (under the lipton brand name), and pbna, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink coffee products through a joint venture with starbucks.
convenient food volume includes volume sold by us and our noncontrolled affiliates of convenient food products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks. internationally, we measure convenient food product volume in kilograms, while in north america we measure convenient food product volume in pounds. flna makes, markets, distributes and sells sabra refrigerated dips and spreads through a joint venture with strauss group.
consolidated net revenue and operating profit
2022                                                      2021                  change net revenue               $86,392                  $79,474                      9    %
operating profit          $11,512                  $11,162                      3    %
see "results of operations - division review" for a tabular presentation and discussion of key drivers of net revenue.
operating profit grew 3% while operating margin declined 0.7 percentage points. operating profit growth was primarily driven by net revenue growth and productivity savings, partially offset by certain operating cost increases and a 42-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs. the loss of net revenue due to the juice transaction reduced operating profit growth by 3 percentage points and was partially offset by a 1-percentage-point contribution from the 53rd reporting week.
operating profit growth also reflects a 13-percentage-point unfavorable impact of impairment charges related to certain indefinite-lived intangible assets due to an increase in the weighted-average cost of capital as well as our most current estimates of future financial performance (other impairment charges), a 12-percentage-point unfavorable impact of the charges associated with the russia-ukraine conflict and a 6-percentage-point unfavorable impact of impairment on intangible assets, investment and property, plant and equipment and other charges as a result of management's decision to reposition or discontinue the sale/distribution of certain brands and to sell an investment (brand portfolio impairment charges). these impacts were partially offset by a 29-percentage-point contribution from the gain associated with the juice transaction.
the operating margin decline primarily reflects the unfavorable impacts of other impairment charges, the charges associated with the russia-ukraine conflict and the brand portfolio impairment charges, partially offset by the gain associated with the juice transaction.
juice transaction in the first quarter of 2022, we sold our tropicana, naked and other select juice brands to pai partners, while retaining a 39% noncontrolling interest in tbg, operating across north america and europe. these juice businesses delivered approximately $3 billion in net revenue in 2021. in the united states, pepsico acts as the exclusive distributor for tbg's portfolio of brands for small-format and foodservice customers with chilled dsd. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
2022                                                                                                     2021                    change other pension and retiree medical benefits income                         $132                       $522                   $(390)
other pension and retiree medical benefits income decreased $390 million, primarily due to higher settlement losses compared to the prior year.
net interest expense and other decreased $924 million, reflecting the prior-year charge of $842 million related to our cash tender offers, higher interest rates on average cash balances and lower average debt balances, partially offset by losses on the market value of investments used to economically hedge a portion of our deferred compensation liability and higher interest rates on debt.
the reported tax rate decreased 5.7 percentage points, primarily reflecting the impact of the juice transaction and adjustments to reserves for uncertain tax positions as a result of the internal revenue service (irs) audit.
results of operations - division review see "our business risks," "non-gaap measures" and "items affecting comparability" for a discussion of items to consider when evaluating our results and related information regarding measures not in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap).
in the discussions of net revenue and operating profit below, "effective net pricing" reflects the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different countries. additionally, "acquisitions and divestitures" reflect mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes, including changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees.
net revenue and organic revenue growth organic revenue growth is a non-gaap financial measure. for further information on this measure, see "non-gaap measures."
impact of                                                                                                                     impact of reported                 foreign exchange translation                acquisitions and divestitures                                   53rd reporting week                 organic % change, non-gaap measure(a)                   organic volume(b)                  effective net pricing
% change, gaap measure flna                          19         %                                -                                            -                                                      (2)                                              17              %                           -                                   17
(b)excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and other structural changes and the 53rd reporting week. in certain instances, the impact of organic volume growth on net revenue growth differs from the unit volume growth disclosed in the following divisional discussions due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise-owned beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between bcs and cse. we report net revenue from our franchise-owned beverage businesses based on cse. the volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue.
operating profit/(loss), operating profit/(loss) adjusted for items affecting comparability and operating profit/(loss) performance adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis operating profit/(loss) adjusted for items affecting comparability and operating profit/(loss) performance adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis are both non-gaap financial measures. for further information on these measures, see "non-gaap measures" and "items affecting comparability."
operating profit/(loss) and operating profit/(loss) adjusted for items affecting comparability
items affecting comparability(a)
reported, gaap measure(b)                 mark-to-market net impact                     restructuring and impairment charges                    acquisition and divestiture-related charges               gain associated with the juice transaction                                                                 impairment and other charges                 core, non-gaap measure(b)
items affecting comparability(a)
reported, gaap measure(b)                 mark-to-market net impact                        restructuring and impairment charges                       acquisition and divestiture-related charges(c)                 core, non-gaap measure(b)
(a)see "items affecting comparability."
(b)includes charges taken as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
(c)in 2021, income amount primarily relates to gains associated with the contingent consideration in connection with our acquisition of rockstar energy beverages (rockstar). this impact is partially offset by divestiture-related charges associated with the juice transaction. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
operating profit/(loss) performance and operating profit/(loss) performance adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis
impact of items affecting comparability(a)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 impact of reported % change, gaap measure            mark-to-market net impact                          restructuring and impairment charges                    acquisition and divestiture-related charges                                       gain associated with the juice transaction                                                                             impairment and other charges                 core % change, non-gaap measure(b)                 foreign exchange translation                 core constant currency % change, non-gaap measure(b)
(a)see "items affecting comparability."
flna net revenue grew 19%, primarily driven by effective net pricing and a 2-percentage-point contribution from the 53rd reporting week.
unit volume decreased 1%, primarily reflecting a double-digit decline in our sabra joint venture products and a low-single-digit decline in variety packs, partially offset by low-single-digit growth in trademark doritos and double-digit growth in trademark popcorners.
operating profit increased 9%, primarily reflecting the effective net pricing and productivity savings. these impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, a 17-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily cooking oil, potatoes and seasoning, and higher advertising and marketing expenses. additionally, impairment charges associated with a baked fruit convenient food brand reduced operating profit growth by 1.5 percentage points (other impairment charges). the 53rd reporting week contributed 2 percentage points to operating profit growth.
qfna net revenue grew 15%, primarily driven by effective net pricing and a 2-percentage-point contribution from the 53rd reporting week, partially offset by a decrease in organic volume.
unit volume declined 3%, primarily reflecting mid-single-digit declines in oatmeal and ready-to-eat cereals and a high-single-digit decline in pancake syrups and mixes, partially offset by mid-single-digit growth in rice/pasta sides and low-single-digit growth in bars.
operating profit grew 4.5%, primarily reflecting the effective net pricing and productivity savings. these impacts were partially offset by a 37-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily grains and packaging materials, certain operating cost increases, including incremental transportation costs, the decrease in organic volume and higher advertising and marketing expenses. the 53rd reporting week contributed 2 percentage points to operating profit growth.
pbna net revenue increased 4%, primarily driven by effective net pricing and an increase in organic volume. the 53rd reporting week contributed 2 percentage points to net revenue growth offset by a 9-percentage-point unfavorable impact of lower net revenue due to the juice transaction.
unit volume grew slightly, driven by a 1% increase in our ncb volume, offset by a 1% decrease in csd volume. the ncb volume increase primarily reflected a mid-single-digit increase in gatorade sports drinks, partially offset by a double-digit decrease in our energy portfolio.
operating profit increased 122%, primarily reflecting a 124-percentage-point impact of the gain of $3.0 billion associated with the juice transaction, partially offset by a 2-percentage-point impact of related transaction costs. operating profit growth was also driven by the net revenue growth and productivity savings, partially offset by certain operating cost increases, including incremental transportation and information technology costs, and a 42-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily aluminum and resin. a current-year gain associated with the sale of an asset and the 53rd reporting week contributed 6 percentage points and 2 percentage points, respectively, to operating profit growth. additionally, operating profit growth was reduced by a 15-percentage-point impact of the lower net revenue due to the juice transaction.
as a result of our decision to terminate the agreement with vital pharmaceuticals, inc. to distribute bang energy drinks, we recorded impairment and other related charges which reduced operating profit growth by 7 percentage points (brand portfolio impairment charges).
convenient foods unit volume grew 3.5%, primarily reflecting mid-single-digit growth in mexico, partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in brazil.
beverage unit volume grew 6%, primarily reflecting double-digit growth in argentina. additionally, brazil, guatemala, chile and mexico each experienced mid-single-digit growth.
operating profit increased 19%, primarily reflecting the net revenue growth, productivity savings and a 3-percentage-point favorable impact of lower charges taken as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. these impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a 41-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily cooking oil, packaging materials and grains, and higher advertising and marketing expenses. additionally, impairment and other charges associated with the sale of certain non-strategic brands reduced operating profit growth by 4.5 percentage points (brand portfolio impairment charges).
europe net revenue decreased 2%, reflecting a 9-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange, an organic volume decline and a 4.5-percentage-point unfavorable impact of the juice transaction, partially offset by effective net pricing.
convenient foods unit volume declined 4%, primarily reflecting double-digit declines in russia and ukraine and a mid-single-digit decline in poland, partially offset by low-single-digit growth in the united kingdom and france and mid-single-digit growth in turkey. additionally, the netherlands experienced a low-single-digit decline.
beverage unit volume declined 7%, primarily reflecting double-digit declines in russia, ukraine and germany, partially offset by low-single-digit growth in france. additionally, the united kingdom experienced a low-single-digit decline and turkey experienced a mid-single-digit decline.
operating profit decreased 207%, primarily reflecting a 110-percentage-point unfavorable impact of charges associated with the russia-ukraine conflict, a 98-percentage-point unfavorable impact of impairment charges related to the sodastream brand (other impairment charges) and a 20-percentage-point unfavorable impact primarily related to the impairment of intangible assets due to the discontinuation or repositioning of certain juice and dairy brands in russia (brand portfolio impairment charges), partially offset by a 23-percentage-point favorable impact of the gain associated with the juice transaction. operating profit performance was also negatively impacted by a 91-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily packaging materials, raw milk and potatoes, certain operating cost increases, the organic volume decline, a 4-percentage-point impact of less favorable settlements of promotional spending accruals compared to the prior year and a 4-percentage-point impact of payments to employees for a change in pension benefits. these impacts were partially offset by the effective net pricing, productivity savings and lower advertising and marketing expenses. unfavorable foreign exchange negatively impacted operating profit performance by 7 percentage points.
amesa net revenue increased 6%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and organic volume growth, partially offset by a 3-percentage-point unfavorable impact of an extra month of net revenue in 2021 as we aligned pioneer food group ltd.'s (pioneer foods) reporting calendar with that of our amesa division. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net revenue growth by 12 percentage points.
convenient foods unit volume grew 2%, primarily reflecting double-digit growth in the middle east and pakistan and high-single-digit growth in india, partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in south africa.
beverage unit volume grew 14%, primarily reflecting double-digit growth in india. additionally, the middle east experienced high-single-digit growth, nigeria experienced low-single-digit growth and pakistan experienced double-digit growth.
operating profit decreased 22%, primarily reflecting a 19-percentage-point impact of impairment and other charges associated with our decision to sell or discontinue certain non-strategic brands and an investment (brand portfolio impairment charges) and a 4-percentage-point impact of impairment charges primarily related to certain juice brands from the pioneer foods acquisition (other impairment charges). operating profit performance was also negatively impacted by a 74-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily packaging materials, grains and cooking oil, certain operating cost increases and higher advertising and marketing expenses, partially offset by the net revenue growth and productivity savings. unfavorable foreign exchange negatively impacted operating profit performance by 9 percentage points.
apac net revenue increased 4%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and organic volume growth, partially offset by a 2-percentage-point unfavorable impact of an extra month of net revenue in 2021 as we aligned hangzhou haomusi food co., ltd.'s (be & cheery) reporting calendar with that of our apac division. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net revenue growth by 5 percentage points.
convenient foods unit volume grew 3%, primarily reflecting low-single-digit growth in china and australia and mid-single-digit growth in thailand, partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in taiwan.