item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
forward-looking statements forward-looking statements contained in this and other written and oral reports are made based on known events and circumstances at the time of release, and as such, are subject in the future to unforeseen uncertainties and risks. often but not always, these statements may be identified from the use of forward-looking terminology such as "anticipates," "believes," "may," "should," "could," "potential," "continues," "plans," "forecasts," "estimates," "projects," "predicts," "would," "intends," "expects," "targets," "is likely," "will," or the negative of these terms and similar expressions, and include all statements regarding future performance, earnings projections, events or developments. neither the company nor any of its respective associates or directors, officers or advisers, provides any representation, assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this document will actually occur. the company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on these statements. it is possible that the future performance and earnings projections of the company, including its individual segments, may differ materially from past performance or current expectations, depending on economic conditions within its mobile, industrial and aerospace markets, and the company's ability to maintain and achieve anticipated benefits associated with announced realignment activities, strategic initiatives to improve operating margins, actions taken to combat the effects of the current economic environment, and growth, innovation and global diversification initiatives. additionally, the actual impact of changes in tax laws in the united states and foreign jurisdictions and any judicial or regulatory interpretation thereof on future performance and earnings projections may impact the company's tax calculations. a change in the economic conditions in individual markets may have a particularly volatile effect on segment performance.
•changes in business relationships with and purchases by or from major customers, suppliers or distributors, including delays or cancellations in shipments;
•disputes regarding contract terms or significant changes in financial condition, changes in contract cost and revenue estimates for new development programs and changes in product mix;
•ability to identify acceptable strategic acquisition targets; uncertainties surrounding timing, successful completion or integration of acquisitions and similar transactions, including the integration of lord and exotic and the proposed acquisition of meggitt; and our ability to effectively manage expanded operations from the acquisitions of lord and exotic and the proposed acquisition of meggitt;
•the ability to successfully divest businesses planned for divestiture and realize the anticipated benefits of such divestitures;
•the determination to undertake business realignment activities and the expected costs thereof and, if undertaken, the ability to complete such activities and realize the anticipated cost savings from such activities;
•ability to implement successfully capital allocation initiatives, including timing, price and execution of share repurchases;
•availability, limitations or cost increases of raw materials, component products and/or commodities that cannot be recovered in product pricing;
•ability to manage costs related to insurance and employee retirement and health care benefits;
•additional liabilities relating to changes in tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities;
•ability to enter into, own, renew, protect and maintain intellectual property and know-how;
•compliance costs associated with environmental laws and regulations;
•global competitive market conditions, including u.s. trade policies and resulting effects on sales and pricing;
•global economic factors, including manufacturing activity, air travel trends, currency exchange rates, difficulties entering new markets and general economic conditions such as inflation, deflation, interest rates, credit availability and changes in consumer habits and preferences;
•local and global political and economic conditions, including the russia-ukraine war and its residual effects;
•inability to obtain, or meet conditions imposed for, required governmental and regulatory approvals;
•increased cyber security threats and sophisticated computer crime; and
•success of business and operating initiatives.
the company makes these statements as of the date of the filing of its annual report on form 10-k for the year ended june 30, 2022, and undertakes no obligation to update them unless otherwise required by law.
overview the company is a global leader in motion and control technologies. for more than a century, the company has engineered the success of its customers in a wide range of diversified industrial and aerospace markets.
by aligning around our purpose, enabling engineering breakthroughs that lead to a better tomorrow, parker is better positioned for the challenges and opportunities of tomorrow.
the win strategy 3.0 is parker's business system that defines the goals and initiatives that drive growth, transformation and success. it works with our purpose, which is a foundational element of the win strategy, to engage team members and create responsible and sustainable growth. our shared values shape our culture and our interactions with stakeholders and the communities in which we operate and live.
we believe many opportunities for profitable growth are available. the company intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure and transportation. we believe we can meet our strategic objectives by:
•serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience with the company;
•successfully executing the win strategy initiatives relating to engaged people, premier customer experience, profitable growth and financial performance;
•engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency and productivity;
•enabling a sustainable future by providing innovative technology solutions that offer a positive, global environmental impact and operating responsibly by reducing our energy use and emissions;
•creating a culture of empowerment through our values, inclusion and diversity, accountability and teamwork.
our order rates provide a near-term perspective of the company's outlook particularly when viewed in the context of prior and future order rates. the company publishes its order rates on a quarterly basis. the lead time between the time an order is received and revenue is realized generally ranges from one day to 12 weeks for mobile and industrial orders and from one day to 18 months for aerospace orders.
recent events impacting our business include the russia-ukraine war and covid-19 pandemic and their residual effects, including the inflationary cost environment as well as disruption within the global supply chain, labor markets and aerospace industry. in compliance with international sanctions, we immediately suspended all shipments to and from russia and, in march 2022, we closed our office and warehouse facility in moscow. we do not expect our exit of business operations in russia to materially impact future business, operations or financial results.
despite disruption within the aerospace industry, including ongoing travel restrictions, commercial aerospace demand is beginning to recover. we are managing the challenging supply chain environment through our "local for local" manufacturing strategy, ongoing supplier management process, and broadened supply base. we are also managing the inflationary cost environment through a variety of cost and pricing measures, including continuous improvement and lean initiatives. additionally, we are strategically managing our workforce and discretionary spending. at the same time, we are appropriately addressing the ongoing needs of our business so that we may continue to serve our customers.
table of contents we continue to prioritize the safety of our team members. to minimize the spread of covid-19 in our workplaces, we implemented heightened prevention, screening and hygiene protocols. our actions have varied depending on the spread of covid-19 in the communities in which we operate, applicable government requirements and the needs of our employees, customers and business.
over the long term, the extent to which our business and results of operations will be impacted by the economic and political uncertainty resulting from the russia-ukraine war and the covid-19 pandemic depends on future developments that remain uncertain. these developments include the duration of the supply chain and labor market constraints, the severity and duration of the russia-ukraine war and related sanctions, distribution and continuing effectiveness of vaccines, the severity and spread of covid-19 and its variants and mitigating actions by government authorities. additionally, while these events and other global economic factors have led to an increased inflationary environment, we will continue to monitor and manage inflation to minimize its impact on our business, operations, and financial results.
as previously announced, on march 14, 2022, we detected that an unauthorized party gained access to our systems. after securing our network and concluding our investigation, we found that the data exfiltrated during the incident included personal information of our team members. we have notified individuals whose personal information was involved and offered them credit monitoring services. we have also provided notification regarding the incident to the appropriate regulatory authorities. a consolidated class action lawsuit has been filed in the united states district court for the northern district of ohio against the company over the incident. based on our ongoing assessments, the incident has not had a significant financial or operational impact and has not had a material impact on our business, operations or financial results.
the discussion below is structured to separately discuss the consolidated statement of income, business segments, and liquidity and capital resources. the term "year" and references to specific years refer to the applicable fiscal year. discussion of the 2020 financial statements is included in part ii, item 7 of the company's 2021 annual report on form 10-k.
gross profit margin                                                                      28.2   %                 27.2   %
gross profit margin (calculated as net sales less cost of sales, divided by net sales) increased in 2022 primarily due to higher margins in both the aerospace systems and diversified industrial segments. the increase in gross profit margin is primarily due to higher sales volume and benefits from continuous improvement initiatives, as well as price increases, partially offset by increased freight, material and labor costs resulting from the ongoing inflationary environment and disruption within the global supply chain and labor markets. cost of sales included net foreign currency transaction gains of $40 million and $11 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. cost of sales also included business realignment and acquisition integration charges of $9 million in 2022 compared to $35 million in 2021.
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") increased in 2022 primarily due to acquisition-related transaction costs of $44 million as well as higher net expense from the company's deferred compensation plan and related investments and higher professional fees and related expenses. sg&a also included business realignment and acquisition integration charges of $10 million and $23 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
income related to equity method investments                         $(76)                 $(41)
non-service components of retirement benefit cost                       4                    49
acquisition-related financing fees                                     52                     -
other items, net                                                     (18)                  (25)
acquisition-related financing fees in 2022 relate to the bridge credit agreement (the "bridge credit agreement") fees associated with the proposed acquisition. refer to notes 3 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
loss on deal-contingent forward contracts in 2022 includes an unrealized loss on the deal-contingent forward contracts related to the proposed acquisition. refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
effective tax rate in 2022 was lower than 2021 primarily due to an overall increase in discrete tax benefits.
business segment information the business segment information presents sales and operating income on a basis that is consistent with the manner in which the company's various businesses are managed for internal review and decision-making.
diversified industrial north america - without currency1                   15.3   %
diversified industrial international - without currency1                   11.6   %
total diversified industrial segment - without currency1                   13.6   %
1the above presentation reconciles the percentage changes in net sales of the diversified industrial segment reported in accordance with u.s. gaap to percentage changes in net sales adjusted to remove the effects of currency exchange rates (a non-gaap measure). the effects of currency exchange rates are removed to allow investors and the company to meaningfully evaluate the percentage changes in net sales on a comparable basis from period to period.
within europe, the increase in sales was primarily due to higher demand from distributors and end users in the construction equipment, heavy-duty truck, industrial machinery, life sciences, machine tool, mining, material handling, engines, and forestry markets, partially offset by a decrease in end-user demand in the cars and light trucks, semiconductor, telecommunications, and oil and gas markets.
within the asia pacific region, the increase in sales was primarily due to higher demand from distributors and end users in the semiconductor, refrigeration, industrial machinery, life sciences, and machine tool markets, partially offset by a decrease in end-user demand in the engines, power generation, heavy-duty truck, railroad equipment, and material handling markets.
within latin america, the increase in sales was primarily due to higher demand from distributors and end users in the farm and agriculture, cars and light trucks, mining, heavy-duty truck, construction equipment, and industrial machinery markets, partially offset by a decrease in end-user demand in the power generation and life sciences markets.
operating margin operating margins in 2022 increased in both the north american and international businesses primarily due to higher sales volume and benefits from continuous improvement initiatives, as well as price increases. these increases were partially offset by increased operating costs, including higher freight, material, and labor costs resulting from the ongoing disruption within the current supply chain environment and labor market. in addition, within the international businesses, operating margin in 2022 benefited from savings related to prior-year restructuring actions.
table of contents business realignment the following business realignment and acquisition integration charges are included in diversified industrial north america and diversified industrial international operating income:
in both fiscal 2022 and 2021, business realignment charges included severance costs related to actions taken under the company's simplification initiative aimed at reducing organizational and process complexity, as well as plant closures. during fiscal 2021, business realignment charges primarily consisted of actions taken to address the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business. acquisition integration charges relate to the 2020 acquisition of lord. business realignment and acquisition integration charges within the diversified industrial international businesses were primarily incurred in europe.
we anticipate that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2022 will increase operating income in 2023 by approximately one percent in the diversified industrial international businesses and will not materially impact operating income in the diversified industrial north american businesses. in 2023, we expect to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the diversified industrial segment. these actions are expected to result in approximately $31 million in business realignment charges in 2023. however, continually changing business conditions could impact the ultimate costs we incur.
during 2022, we also incurred $6 million of expense within the diversified industrial international businesses as a result of our exit of business operations in russia. these charges primarily consist of write-downs of inventory and other working capital items.
backlog the increase in diversified industrial segment backlog in 2022 was primarily due to orders exceeding shipments in both the north american and international businesses. backlog within the north american and international businesses accounted for approximately 75 percent and 25 percent of the change, respectively. within the international business, the asia pacific region, europe and latin america accounted for approximately 60 percent, 30 percent, and 10 percent of the change, respectively. backlog consists of written firm orders from a customer to deliver products and, in the case of blanket purchase orders, only includes the portion of the order for which a schedule or release date has been agreed to with the customer. the dollar value of backlog is equal to the amount that is expected to be billed to the customer and reported as a sale.
sales aerospace systems segment sales in 2022 were higher than the 2021 level primarily due to higher commercial aftermarket and oem volume, partially offset by lower military oem and aftermarket volume.
operating margin aerospace systems segment operating margin increased in 2022 primarily due to higher sales volume, favorable commercial aftermarket product mix, higher aftermarket profitability as well as lower unfunded engineering development expenses. these benefits were partially offset by challenges created by the ongoing inflationary environment, disruption within the supply chain and labor markets as well as unfavorable commercial oem product mix.
table of contents business realignment during 2022, we incurred $7 million of expense within the aerospace systems segment as a result of our exit of business operations in russia. these charges primarily consist of write-downs of inventory and other working capital items.
we expect to incur approximately $4 million in business realignment charges in 2023. however, continually changing business conditions could impact the ultimate costs we incur. the amount of acquisition integration charges we will incur in 2023 is dependent upon the timing of closing of the proposed acquisition.
backlog the increase in aerospace systems segment backlog in 2022 was primarily due to orders exceeding shipments in the commercial oem and aftermarket businesses, partially offset by shipments exceeding orders in the military oem and aftermarket businesses. backlog consists of written firm orders from a customer to deliver products and, in the case of blanket purchase orders, only includes the portion of the order for which a schedule or release date has been agreed to with the customer. the dollar value of backlog is equal to the amount that is expected to be billed to the customer and reported as a sale.
acquisition-related expenses                                    96                     5
other items, net                                              (12)                   (5)
foreign currency transaction primarily relates to the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash, marketable securities and other investments and intercompany transactions.
acquisition-related expenses in 2022 include bridge credit agreement financing fees and transaction costs related to the proposed acquisition. refer to notes 3 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
loss on deal-contingent forward contracts in 2022 includes an unrealized loss on the deal-contingent forward contracts related to the proposed acquisition. refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources we believe that we are great generators and deployers of cash. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operations and meet our strategic capital deployment objectives, which include the following:
•investing in organic growth and productivity
•strategic acquisitions that strengthen our portfolio
operating activities                                                             $2,442                  $2,575
investing activities                                                              (419)                       -
financing activities                                                              3,916                 (2,623)
cash flows from operating activities were $2,442 million in 2022 compared to $2,575 million in 2021. this decrease of $133 million was primarily related to net income and cash provided by working capital items, which decreased $431 million and increased $557 million, respectively. after consideration of the non-cash impact of the deal-contingent forward contracts, which increased cash provided by working capital items by $1,015 million and decreased net income by $775 million in 2022, cash flow from operations in 2022 decreased primarily due to a decrease in cash provided by working capital items of $458 million, partially offset by an increase in net income of $344 million. refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion of the deal-contingent forward contracts.
cash flows from investing activities in 2022 and 2021 were impacted by the following factors:
•net maturities of marketable securities of $4 million in 2022 compared to $45 million in 2021.
•capital expenditures of $230 million in 2022 compared to $210 million in 2021.
•cash collateral paid of $250 million in 2022 per the credit support annex ("csa") attached to the deal-contingent forward contracts. refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
cash flows from financing activities in 2022 and 2021 were impacted by the following factors:
•net proceeds from senior notes issuance of $3,576 million in 2022 compared to term loan repayments of $1,210 million in 2021. refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
table of contents cash requirements we are actively monitoring our liquidity position and remain focused on managing our inventory and other working capital requirements. we are continuing to target two percent of sales for capital expenditures and are prioritizing those related to safety and strategic investments. we believe that cash generated from operations and our commercial paper program will satisfy our operating needs for the foreseeable future.
we have committed cash outflow related to long-term debt, operating lease agreements, and postretirement benefit obligations. refer to notes 10, 11, and 12 respectively, of part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
share repurchases the company has a program to repurchase its common shares. on october 22, 2014, the board of directors of the company approved an increase in the overall number of shares authorized to repurchase under the program so that, beginning on such date, the aggregate number of shares authorized for repurchase was 35 million. there is no limitation on the number of shares that can be repurchased in a year. repurchases may be funded primarily from operating cash flows and commercial paper borrowings and the shares are initially held as treasury shares.  refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
liquidity cash, comprised of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities and other investments, includes $465 million and $467 million held by the company's foreign subsidiaries at june 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the company does not permanently reinvest certain foreign earnings. the distribution of these earnings could result in non-federal u.s. or foreign taxes. all other undistributed foreign earnings remain permanently reinvested.
the company has a line of credit through a multi-currency revolving credit agreement with a group of banks. during 2022, we amended our existing multi-currency credit agreement, increasing its capacity from $2,500 million to $3,000 million, by exercising the accordion feature. as of june 30, 2022, $1,578 million was available for borrowing under the credit agreement. advances from the credit agreement can be used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, and for the refinancing of existing indebtedness. the credit agreement supports our commercial paper program, and issuances of commercial paper reduce the amount of credit available under the agreement. the credit agreement expires in september 2024; however, the company has the right to request a one-year extension of the expiration date on an annual basis, which request may result in changes to the current terms and conditions of the credit agreement. the credit agreement requires the payment of an annual facility fee, the amount of which is dependent upon the company's credit ratings. although a lowering of the company's credit ratings would increase the cost of future debt, it would not limit the company's ability to use the credit agreement nor would it accelerate the repayment of any outstanding borrowings. refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
we primarily utilize unsecured medium-term notes and senior notes to meet our financing needs and we expect to continue to borrow funds at reasonable rates over the long term. during 2022, the company issued $1,400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.65 percent senior notes due june 15, 2024, $1,200 million aggregate principal amount of 4.25 percent senior notes due september 15, 2027, and $1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50 percent senior notes due september 15, 2029 (collectively, the "senior notes"). we intend to use the proceeds of the senior notes to finance a portion of the purchase of the proposed acquisition. refer to the cash flows from financing activities section above and note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion. additionally, during 2022, we entered into a senior, unsecured delayed-draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $2,000 million (the "term loan facility"), refer to the strategic acquisitions section below for further discussion.
the company's credit agreements and indentures governing certain debt securities contain various covenants, the violation of which would limit or preclude the use of the credit agreements for future borrowings, or might accelerate the maturity of the related outstanding borrowings covered by the indentures. based on the company's rating level at june 30, 2022, the most restrictive financial covenant provides that the ratio of debt to debt-shareholders' equity cannot exceed 0.65 to 1.0. at june 30, table of contents
2022, the company's debt to debt-shareholders' equity ratio was 0.57 to 1.0. we are in compliance, and expect to remain in compliance, with all covenants set forth in the credit agreement and indentures.
our goal is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile. the rating agencies periodically update our credit ratings as events occur. at june 30, 2022, the long-term credit ratings assigned to the company's senior debt securities by the credit rating agencies engaged by the company were as follows:
fitch ratings                          bbb+
supply chain financing we continue to identify opportunities to improve our liquidity and working capital efficiency, which includes the extension of payment terms with our suppliers. we currently have a supply chain financing program ("scf") with a financial intermediary, which provides certain suppliers the option to be paid by the financial intermediary earlier than the due date on the applicable invoice. we are not a party to the agreements between the participating financial intermediary and the suppliers in connection with the programs. the range of payment terms we negotiate with our suppliers is consistent, irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the program. we do not reimburse suppliers for any costs they incur for participation in the program and their participation is completely voluntary. amounts due to our suppliers that elected to participate in the scf program are included in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheet. at june 30, 2022, accounts payable included approximately $46 million payable to suppliers who have elected to participate in the scf program. in 2022, the amount settled through the scf program and paid to participating financial institutions totaled $35 million. we account for payments made under the program in the same manner as our other accounts payable, which is a reduction to our cash flows from operations. we do not believe that changes in the availability of supply chain financing will have a significant impact on our liquidity.
strategic acquisitions on august 2, 2021, the company announced that it reached an agreement on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition of the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of meggitt for 800 pence per share, or approximately £6,263 million. we intend to fund the proposed acquisition with cash resources, borrowings under debt facilities and net proceeds of debt securities. the proposed acquisition received the european commission's clearance on april 11, 2022, conditional on full compliance with commitments offered by the company, including a commitment to divest its aircraft wheel and brake business within the aerospace systems segment, for which a divestiture agreement was signed on may 23, 2022. the proposed acquisition and divestiture of the aircraft wheel and brake business remain subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory clearance.
during 2022 we deposited funds, comprised of cash on hand and net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper and the senior notes, into an escrow account. the escrow account is restricted to payments for the proposed acquisition. at june 30, 2022, the balance was $6,112 million, which was recorded within the prepaid expenses and other caption on our consolidated balance sheet.
additionally, we entered into a senior, unsecured delayed-draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $2,000 million on august 27, 2021. the proceeds of the term loan facility, if drawn, will be used solely by the company to finance a portion of the consideration of its proposed acquisition. refer to note 10 of the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
in connection with the proposed acquisition, the company entered into a bridge credit agreement (the "bridge credit agreement") on august 2, 2021. under the bridge credit agreement, lenders committed to provide senior, unsecured financing in the aggregate principal amount of £6,524 million at august 2, 2021. as permanent financing for the proposed acquisition was secured, the principal amount of the bridge credit agreement was reduced. at june 30, 2022, the available aggregate principal amount was £591 million. in july 2022, we issued $504 million of commercial paper and deposited this amount into the escrow account to finance a portion of the purchase of meggitt. additionally, in july 2022, we deposited a total of $250 million into escrow that was previously posted as collateral and recorded within non-trade and notes receivables at june 30, 2022. refer to note 16 of the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion. in july 2022, after consideration of the escrow balance and funds available under the delayed-draw term loan facility, we reduced the aggregate committed principal amount of the bridge credit agreement (the "bridge credit agreement") to zero.
table of contents in connection with the proposed acquisition, the company entered into deal-contingent forward contracts during october 2021 to mitigate the risk of appreciation in the gbp-denominated purchase price. the deal-contingent forward contracts have an aggregate notional amount of £6,415 million, and settlement is contingent upon closing the proposed acquisition. we are recording the related fair value gains and losses, which have been and may continue to be significant, through the consolidated statement of income until the closing of the proposed acquisition. refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. the policies discussed below are considered by management to be more critical than other policies because their application places the most significant demands on management's judgment.
revenue recognition - revenues are recognized when control of performance obligations, which are distinct goods or services within the contract, is transferred to the customer. control is transferred when the customer has the ability to direct the use of and obtain the benefits from the goods or services. a majority of our revenues are recognized at a point in time when control is transferred to the customer, which is generally at the time of shipment. however, a portion of our revenues are recognized over time if the customer simultaneously receives control as we perform work under a contract, if the customer controls the asset as it is being produced, or if the product has no alternative use and we have a contractual right to payment.
for contracts where revenue is recognized over time, we use the cost-to-cost, efforts expended or units of delivery method depending on the nature of the contract, including length of production time. the estimation of costs and efforts expended requires judgment on the part of management due to the duration of the contractual agreements as well as the technical nature of the products involved. adjustments to these estimates are made on a consistent basis and a contract reserve is established when the estimated costs to complete a contract exceed the expected contract revenues.
when there are multiple performance obligations within a contract, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on its standalone selling price. the primary method used to estimate a standalone selling price is the price observed in standalone sales to customers for the same product or service. revenue is recognized when control of the individual performance obligations is transferred to the customer.
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets - we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and between annual tests whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value of a reporting unit may exceed its fair value. our six reporting units are equivalent to our operating segments. as quoted market prices are not available for our reporting units, determining whether an impairment occurred requires the valuation of the respective reporting unit, which is estimated using both income-based and market-based valuation methods. the income-based valuation method utilizes a discounted cash flow model which requires several assumptions, including future sales growth and operating margin levels as well as assumptions regarding future industry-specific market conditions. each reporting unit regularly prepares discrete operating forecasts and uses these forecasts as the basis for the assumptions in the discounted cash flow analysis. within the discounted cash flow models, the company uses a discount rate, commensurate with its cost of capital but adjusted for inherent business risks, and an appropriate terminal growth factor. the market-based valuation performed for each reporting unit includes an analysis consisting of market-adjusted multiples based on key data points for guideline public companies. we also reconcile the estimated aggregate fair value of our reporting units resulting from these procedures to our overall market capitalization.
at december 31, 2021, the company performed its annual goodwill impairment test for each of its six reporting units. the results of this test indicated the fair value substantially exceeded carrying value for all reporting units. we continually monitor our reporting units for impairment indicators and update assumptions used in the most recent calculation of a reporting unit's fair value as appropriate.
table of contents long-lived assets held for use, which primarily includes finite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the undiscounted net cash flows to be generated by their use over their expected useful lives and eventual disposition are less than their carrying value. the long-term nature of these assets requires the estimation of their cash inflows and outflows several years into the future and only takes into consideration technological advances known at the time of the impairment test. during 2022, the company did not record any material impairment related to long-lived assets.
pensions - the annual net periodic expense and benefit obligations related to the company's defined benefit plans are determined on an actuarial basis. this determination requires critical assumptions regarding the discount rate, long-term rate of return on plan assets, increases in compensation levels and amortization periods for actuarial gains and losses. assumptions are determined based on company data and appropriate market indicators and are evaluated each year as of the plans' measurement date. changes in the assumptions to reflect actual experience as well as the amortization of actuarial gains and losses could result in a material change in the annual net periodic expense and benefit obligations reported in the financial statements.
for the company's domestic qualified defined benefit plan, a 50 basis point decrease in the assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets is estimated to increase annual pension expense by $17 million and a 50 basis point decrease in the discount rate is estimated to increase annual pension expense by $19 million. as of june 30, 2022, $472 million of past years' net actuarial losses related to the company's domestic qualified defined benefit plan are subject to amortization in the future. these losses will generally be amortized over approximately seven years and will negatively affect earnings in the future. any actuarial gains experienced in future years will help offset the effect of the net actuarial loss amortization. further information on pensions is provided in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
income taxes - significant judgment is required in determining the company's income tax expense and in evaluating tax positions. deferred income tax assets and liabilities have been recorded for the differences between the financial accounting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities. factors considered by the company in determining the probability of realizing deferred income tax assets include forecasted operating earnings, available tax planning strategies and the time period over which the temporary differences will reverse. the company reviews its tax positions on a regular basis and adjusts the balances as new information becomes available. for those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon examination by a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information will be recorded. for those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. further information on income taxes is provided in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
loss contingencies - the company has a number of loss exposures incurred in the ordinary course of business such as environmental claims, product liability and litigation reserves. establishing loss accruals for these matters requires management's estimate and judgment with regards to risk exposure and ultimate liability or realization. we review these loss accruals periodically and make adjustments to reflect the most recent facts and circumstances.
recently issued accounting pronouncements recently issued accounting pronouncements are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.