item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements the discussion under this caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. all statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our expectations for future periods, business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking. words such as "anticipate," "believe," "considering," "could," "driving," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will", "would", and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations, but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "risk factors" in part i, item 1a herein.
overview the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is organized to present the following:
•a review of our critical accounting policies and estimates and of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business;
•a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and material cash requirements and potential funding sources.
a discussion of our results of operations, and sources and uses of cash for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 is included in part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, filed with the sec on march 1, 2022 and is incorporated by reference into this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). (refer to note 1. general and note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). certain of our accounting policies are deemed "critical," as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. we have discussed these accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates are as follows:
management's plan and liquidity in the face of the global pandemic impact of covid-19, we paused our guest cruise operations in march 2020 and began resuming guest cruise operations in 2021, with our full fleet in service by june 2022.
as part of our liquidity management, we rely on estimates of our future liquidity which include numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. the principal assumptions used to estimate our future liquidity consist of:
we will continue to pursue various opportunities to raise additional capital to fund obligations associated with future debt maturities and/or to extend the maturity dates associated with our existing indebtedness or facilities. actions to raise capital may include issuances of debt, convertible debt or equity in private or public transactions or entering into new or extended credit facilities.
ship accounting ships represent our most significant assets and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. depreciation of ships is generally computed net of a 10%-15% projected residual value, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is generally 30-35 years. the 30-35 year useful life and 10%-15% residual value is the weighted-average of all major components of a ship. our useful life and residual value estimates take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. in addition, we take into consideration our estimates of the weighted-average useful lives of the ships' major component systems, such as hull, superstructure, main electric, engines and cabins. we employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level, in order to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values, as well as to determine the net cost basis of assets being replaced. given the very large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. we do not have cost segregation studies performed to specifically componentize our ship systems. however, we estimate the costs, useful lives and residual values of component systems based principally on general and technical information known about major ship component systems and their lives, as well as our knowledge of the cruise vacation industry. we do not identify and track depreciation by ship component systems, but instead utilize these estimates to determine the net cost basis of assets replaced or refurbished. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as additions to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or that of the associated ship. the estimated cost and accumulated depreciation of replaced or refurbished ship components are written off and any resulting losses are recognized within cruise operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.
we periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long term views on our intended use of each class of ships and the planned level of improvements to maintain and enhance vessels within those classes. in the event a factor is identified that may trigger a change in the estimated useful lives and residual values of our ships, a review of the estimate is completed.
we use the deferral method to account for drydocking costs. under the deferral method, drydocking costs incurred are deferred and charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the period to the next scheduled drydock, which we estimate to be a period of thirty to sixty months based on the vessel's age as required by class. deferred drydock costs consist of the costs to drydock the vessel and other costs incurred in connection with the drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification. class certification is necessary in order for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. the activities associated with those drydocking costs cannot be performed while the vessel is in service and, as such, are done during a drydock as a planned major maintenance activity. the significant deferred drydock costs consist of hauling and wharfage services provided by the drydock facility, hull inspection and related activities (e.g., scraping, pressure cleaning, bottom painting), maintenance to steering propulsion, thruster equipment and ballast tanks, port services such as tugs, pilotage and line handling, and freight associated with these items. we perform a detailed analysis of the various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. the costs deferred are related to activities not otherwise routinely periodically performed to maintain a vessel's designed and intended operating capability. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred.
we use judgment when estimating the period between drydocks, which can result in adjustments to the estimated amortization of drydock costs. if the vessel is disposed of before the next drydock, the remaining balance in deferred drydock is written-off to the gain or loss on disposal of vessel in the period in which the sale takes place. we also use judgment when identifying costs incurred during a drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification as compared to those costs attributable to repairs and maintenance which are expensed as incurred.
we believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. however, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we had reduced our estimated average ship useful life by one year, depreciation expense for 2022 would have increased by approximately $85.0 million. if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for 2022 would have increased by approximately $307.6 million. we have evaluated our estimated ship useful lives and projected residual values in light of our current environment and determined that there are no changes to these estimates.
valuation of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or, when events or circumstances dictate, more frequently. the impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value, and if necessary, a goodwill impairment test. factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, changes in forecasted operating results, changes in fuel prices and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
the goodwill impairment analysis consists of a comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. we typically estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow model, which may also include a combination of a market-based valuation approach. the estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, ship additions and retirements as well as assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions, among other factors. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for our 2022 impairment assessment consisted of:
•weighted average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate).
the discounted cash flow model uses the most current projected operating results for the upcoming fiscal year as a base. we discount the projected cash flows using rates specific to the reporting unit based on its weighted-average cost of capital.
if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no write-down of goodwill is required. as amended by asu no. 2017-04, intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350) - simplifying the test for goodwill impairment, if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, an impairment is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit. refer to note 4. goodwill to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on goodwill.
the impairment review for indefinite-life intangible assets can be performed using a qualitative or quantitative impairment assessment. the quantitative assessment consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying value. we estimate the fair value of these assets using a discounted cash flow model and various valuation methods depending on the nature of the intangible asset, such as the relief-from-royalty method, for trademarks and trade names. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for our 2022 impairment assessment consisted of:
•weighted average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate).
if the carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. if the fair value exceeds its carrying value, the indefinite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. other intangible assets assigned finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. refer to note 5. intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on indefinite-life intangible assets.
we review our ships and other long-lived assets, including right-of-use assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on recent and projected cash flow performance and remaining useful lives, that the carrying value of these assets may not be fully recoverable. we evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. the lowest level for which we maintain identifiable cash flows that are independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities is at the ship level for our ships. if estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent its carrying value exceeds fair value. refer to note 6. property and equipment to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on determination of fair value for long-lived assets.
we estimate fair value based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. if active markets are not available, we base fair value on independent appraisals, sales price negotiations and projected future cash flows discounted at a rate estimated by management to be commensurate with the business risk. quoted market prices are often not available for individual reporting units and for indefinite-life intangible assets. accordingly, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and an indefinite-life intangible asset using an expected present value technique.
royal caribbean international reporting unit during the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment of the royal caribbean international reporting unit. based on our qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and thus, we did not proceed to the two-step goodwill impairment test. no indicators of impairment exist primarily because the reporting unit's fair value has consistently exceeded its carrying value by a significant margin and forecasts of operating results expected to be generated by the reporting unit appear sufficient to support its carrying value. as of december 31, 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill attributable to our royal caribbean reporting unit was $296.4 million.
silversea cruises reporting unit during the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021, we performed our annual impairment review of silversea cruises goodwill. we did not perform qualitative assessments but instead proceeded directly to the goodwill impairment tests. as of november 30, 2022, and november 30, 2021, the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit was determined using a discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. as a result of the tests, we determined the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 26% and 35% as of november 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, resulting in no impairment to silversea cruises' goodwill. the carrying value of goodwill attributable to our silversea cruises reporting unit was $508.6 million as of december 31, 2022 and 2021.
during the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021, we performed our annual impairment reviews of the silversea cruises trade name. as a result of the quantitative tests, we determined that the fair value of the silversea cruises' trade name exceeded its carrying value by approximately 25% and 19%, as of november 30, 2022 and november 30, 2021, respectively, resulting in no impairment to silversea cruises' trade name.
as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of indefinite-life intangible assets was $321.5 million, which primarily relates to the silversea cruises trade name.
derivative instruments we enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. these instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. we also use non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. although some of our derivative financial instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. we account for derivative financial instruments in accordance with authoritative guidance. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies and note 16. fair value measurements and derivative instruments to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on related authoritative guidance, the company's hedging programs and derivative financial instruments.
on a regular basis, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps, fuel swaps and options with third-party institutions in over-the-counter markets. we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps using expected future cash flows based on the instruments' contract terms and published forward prices for foreign currency exchange and interest rates. we value floors which are embedded within our interest rate swaps using standard option pricing models with inputs based on the options' contract terms, such as exercise price and maturity, and readily available market data, such as forward interest rates and interest rate volatility. we apply present value techniques to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments.
we adjust the valuation of our derivative financial instruments to incorporate credit risk.
we believe it is unlikely that materially different estimates for the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps, fuel swaps and options would be derived from other appropriate valuation models using similar assumptions, inputs or conditions suggested by actual historical experience.
contingencies-litigation on an ongoing basis, we assess the potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us. while it is typically difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any, which are recorded as assets when recoverability is probable. we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any provisions or disclosures that we have previously made.
seasonality our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. demand has historically been strongest for cruises during the northern hemisphere's summer months and holidays. in order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the northern hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the southern hemisphere, our brands have historically focused on deployment to the caribbean, asia and australia during that period. this seasonal trend was disrupted with the voluntary suspension of our global cruise operations effective march 2020 in response to the covid-19 outbreak. we resumed our global cruise operations commencing in the second half of 2021, with our full fleet in service by june 2022. since our full fleet is in service, we expect to return to seasonal trends financial presentation description of certain line items revenues our revenues are comprised of the following:
•onboard and other revenues, which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships not included in passenger ticket prices, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance, pre- and post-cruise tours and fees for operating certain port facilities. onboard and other revenues also include revenues we receive from independent third party concessionaires that pay us a percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships, as well as revenues received for procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates.
•commissions, transportation and other expenses, which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket revenues, including travel advisor commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees;
•onboard and other expenses, which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees, as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires and costs incurred for the procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates;
•payroll and related expenses, which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses);
•other operating expenses, which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance, entertainment and gains and/or losses related to the sale of our ships, if any.
selected operational and financial metrics we utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. as discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are provided along with the related gaap financial measures as we believe they provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with gaap. the presentation of non-gaap financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap measure that represents ebitda (as defined below) excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our profitability on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included (i) other expenses, which includes our loss contingency in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation recorded in 2022; (ii) impairment and credit losses; (iii) restructuring charges and other initiative expenses; (iv) equity investment asset impairments; (v) net insurance recoveries or costs related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas; (vi) pullmantur reorganization settlement; (vii) the net gain recognized in 2021 in relation to the sale of the azamara brand; (viii) the noncontrolling interest adjustment to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by heritage cruise holding ltd. and (ix) transaction costs related to the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition. a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. to adjusted ebitda is provided below under results of operations.
adjusted net loss attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. is a non-gaap measure that represents net loss less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest, excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included (i) loss on the extinguishment of debt; (ii) the amortization of non-cash debt discount on our convertible notes; (iii) the estimated cash refund expected to be paid to pullmantur guests and other expenses incurred as part of the pullmantur s.a. reorganization; (iv) impairment and credit losses; (v) equity investment asset impairments; (vi) net insurance recoveries related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas; (vii) restructuring charges and other initiative expenses; (viii) the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the silversea cruises acquisition in 2018; for 2020, the change in the fair value in the silversea cruises contingent consideration;(ix) the noncontrolling interest adjustment to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by heritage cruise holding ltd. (previously known as silversea cruises group ltd.) noncontrolling interest in silversea cruises, which noncontrolling interest we acquired on july 9, 2020; (x) the net gain recognized in the first quarter of 2021 in relation to the sale of the azamara brand; (xi) currency translation losses recognized during the second quarter of 2020, in connection with the ships classified as assets held-for-sale that were previously chartered to pullmantur; (xii) the net loss recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to the elimination of the three-month reporting lag for silversea cruises; and (xiii) loss contingency recorded in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation inclusive of related legal fees and costs. a reconciliation of net loss attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. to adjusted net loss attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. is provided below under results of operations.
available passenger cruise days ("apcd") is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period, which excludes canceled cruise days and cabins not available for sale. we use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary.
ebitda is a non-gaap measure that represents of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. excluding (i) interest income; (ii) interest expense, net of interest capitalized; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses; and (iv) income tax benefit or expense. we believe that this non-gaap measure is meaningful when assessing our operating performance on a comparative basis. a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. to ebitda is provided below under results of operations.
carbon intensity is our measurement of carbon dioxide emissions per gross tonne nautical mile (well-to-wake).
net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel are non-gaap measures that represent gross cruise costs excluding commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses and, in the case of net cruise costs excluding fuel, fuel expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading). in measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. a reconciliation of gross cruise costs to net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel is provided below under results of operations. for the 2022 period presented, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel excludes restructuring and other initiative expenses.
occupancy ("load factor"), in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, is calculated by dividing passenger cruise days (as defined below) by apcd. a percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins.
although discussed in prior periods, we did not disclose or reconcile in this report our gross yields and net yields, as defined in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019. historically, we have utilized these financial metrics to measure relevant rate comparisons to other periods. however, our 2022 and 2021 reduction in capacity and revenues, due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations, do not allow for a meaningful analysis and comparison of these metrics and as such these metrics have been excluded from this report. for gross cruise costs, net cruise costs, and net cruise costs excluding fuel we present amounts in constant currency compared to 2019, which is the last year of normalized operations.
2022 was a transitional year filled with numerous accomplishments. we returned our entire fleet into operations, took delivery of celebrity beyond and wonder of the seas, and acquired silver endeavour. additionally, we achieved positive ebitda and operating cash flow for the year, controlled costs to minimize the impacts of inflation, and saw record shipboard revenues for the year.
our 2022 net loss was $(2.2) billion, or $(8.45) per diluted share, compared to net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. of $1.9 billion, or $8.95 per diluted share in 2019, the most recent year of normalized operations. adjusted net loss for 2022 was $(1.9) billion, or $(7.50) per diluted share, compared to adjusted net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. of $2.0 billion, or $9.54 per diluted share in 2019. 2022 adjusted ebitda was $711.6 million, compared to adjusted ebitda of $3.6 billion in 2019. we started 2022 by operating 51 ships and sailing at 57% load factor in the first quarter of 2022. we successfully completed the return of our entire fleet into operations during the second quarter and achieved 96% load factors in the third quarter with the caribbean eclipsing triple digits at close to 105% during the third quarter. we finished the year sailing at almost 100% load factor in december 2022, with holiday sailings close to 110% during the fourth quarter.
despite only partially operating for the first half of the year, total revenues were $8.8 billion in 2022, compared to $11.0 billion in 2019. load factors for 2022 were 85%, and 96% for the second half of the year. additionally, total revenue per passenger cruise day in 2022 was higher than record 2019 levels, driven by strong onboard revenue performance.
cruise operating expenses increased from $6.1 billion in 2019 to $6.6 billion in 2022. gross cruise costs per apcd increased 8.2% as-reported and 8.8% in constant currency, compared to 2019. net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per apcd increased 12.9% as-reported and 13.5% in constant currency, compared to 2019. our cost-conscious mindset has helped to mitigate the effects of inflation, and we benefited from reduced costs related to health protocols as the year went on. for the year net cruise costs included $5.97 per apcd of transitory costs related to health protocols, and one-time lagging costs related to fleet ramp up. 2022 also included galveston terminal construction costs and increased costs associated with cococay, which were not present in 2019.
in 2023, we expect our capacity to increase by 14% compared to 2019, despite the reduction in capacity resulting from the divestiture of azamara and the sale of older ships. since 2019 we have welcomed 9 new ships across our five brands, and with the addition of celebrity ascent and silver nova in 2023 we expect a total of 11 new vessels operating by year end. these new ships, along with enhanced onboard offerings and continued investment in destinations, are expected to help drive increases in both net yields and total revenues as our capacity expands. we also plan to continue investing in both more efficient newbuilds and retrofitting our existing fleet with technology to help reach our long-term goals to reduce carbon intensity. lastly, we anticipate taking delivery of icon of the seas by the end of the year, to begin operating revenue sailings in 2024.
results of operations in addition to the items discussed above under "executive overview," significant items for 2022 include:
•the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our passenger ticket and onboard and other revenue transactions, denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar, resulted in a decrease in total revenues of $149.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021.
•the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our cruise operating expenses, denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar, resulted in a decrease in total operating expenses of $79.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021.
•in january 2022 and april 2022, we took delivery of wonder of the seas and celebrity beyond, respectively. to finance the purchases, we borrowed $1.3 billion and €0.7 billion, or approximately $0.7 billion based on the exchange rate at december 31, 2022, respectively, under previously committed unsecured term loans. refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information. wonder of the seas and celebrity beyond entered service in the first and second quarters of 2022, respectively.
•in july 2022, we purchased the silver endeavour for our silversea cruises brand. to finance the purchase, we assumed $277 million of debt. silver endeavour entered service in the fourth quarter of 2022. refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
•during the year ended december 31, 2022, we executed and amended various financing arrangements, we refinanced $6.9 billion of 2022 and 2023 maturities, which resulted in a total loss on extinguishment of debt of $93.8 million. refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on our 2022 financing activity.
•during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded a loss contingency of $130.0 million inclusive of related legal fees and costs in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation. refer to note 17. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
impairment and credit losses (4)                                                                                                                                  562                                        82,001                         1,566,380
equity investment impairment (5)                                                                                                                                  -                                          31,344                            39,735
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (7)                                                                                                           11,625                                      1,831                            51,853
amortization of silversea cruises intangible assets and change in the fair value of contingent consideration related to silversea cruises acquisition (8)         6,493                                       6,493                          (33,814)
litigation loss contingency (13)                                                                                                                                  130,033                                         -                                 -
(1)    represents net losses related to the early repayment of debt. for further information regarding the repayment transactions, refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
(2)    represents the amortization of non-cash debt discount on our convertible notes. for further information regarding the adoption of asu 2020-06 as of january 1, 2022, which impacts the accounting of the non-cash debt discount on convertible notes, refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
(4)    represents asset impairment and credit losses as a result of the impact of covid-19, with 2022 and 2021 amounts net of the recovery of credit losses previously recognized.
(5)    represents equity investment asset impairment, primarily for our investments in tui cruises gmbh in 2021 and grand bahama shipyard in 2020, as a result of the impact of covid-19. these amounts are included in equity investment income (loss) within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(7)    represents primarily restructuring charges incurred in relation to the reduction in our u.s. workforce and other initiatives expenses.
(8)    in 2022 and 2021, represents the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition. in 2020, represents the change in the fair value in the silversea cruises contingent consideration recorded within other (expense) income, offset by the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets.
(9)    adjustment made to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by heritage cruise holding ltd.'s (previously known as silversea cruises group ltd.) noncontrolling interest, which noncontrolling interest we acquired on july 9, 2020.
(11)    represents currency translation losses recognized in connection with the ships sold in 2020 that were previously chartered to pullmantur. refer to note 7. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
(13) represents our loss contingency recorded in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation inclusive of related legal fees and costs.
impairment and credit losses                                           -   %                     5.4   %                    70.9   %
interest expense, net of interest capitalized                     (15.4)   %                  (84.3)   %                  (38.2)   %
equity investment income (loss)                                      0.6   %                   (8.8)   %                   (9.7)   %
(1)    due to the elimination of the silversea cruises three-month reporting lag in october of 2021, we include silversea cruises' metrics from october 1, 2020 through june 30, 2021 and october 1 through december 31, 2021 in the year ended december 31, 2021. the year ended december 31, 2021 does not include july, august, and september 2021 statistics as silversea cruises' results of operations for those months are included within other (expense) income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the year ended december 31, 2021. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on the three-month reporting lag.
(3)    for the year ended december, 31, 2021, we include azamara cruises' metrics through march 19, 2021, the effective sale date of the brand. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on the sale of the azamara cruises brand. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we include azamara cruises' metrics for the full year.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda were calculated as follows (in thousands):
interest expense, net of interest capitalized                              1,364,162                         1,291,753                           844,238
income tax (benefit) expense (1)                                               4,153                          (47,167)                          (14,990)
ebitda                                                                       583,185                       (2,739,808)                       (3,709,996)
impairment and credit losses                                                     562                            82,001                         1,566,380
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense                           11,625                             1,831                            51,853
equity investment impairment (3)                                                   -                            31,344                            39,735
adjusted ebitda                                                             $711,595                      $(2,602,462)                      $(1,827,923)
(1) included within other (expense) income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.
(2) represents net non-operating income or expense. for 2022, primarily relates to our loss contingency recorded of approximately $130 million in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation inclusive of related legal fees and costs, as well as amounts related to changes in fair value of fuel swaps for which cash flow hedge accounting was discounted. for 2021 and 2020, primarily relates to changes in the fair value of fuel swaps for which cash flow hedge accounting was discontinued. the amounts excludes income tax (benefit) expense, included in the ebitda calculation above.
(3) represents equity investment asset impairment, primarily for our investments in tui cruises gmbh in 2021 and grand bahama shipyard in 2020, as a result of the impact of covid-19. these amounts are included in equity investment income (loss) within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(6) adjustment made to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by heritage cruise holding ltd.'s (previously known as silversea cruises group ltd.) noncontrolling interest, which noncontrolling interest we acquired on july 9, 2020.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda for 2019 were calculated as follows (in thousands, except apcd and per apcd data):
interest expense, net of interest capitalized                                                                   408,513
ebitda                                                                                                        3,538,999
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense                                                              13,707
oasis of the seas incident, grand bahama's drydock write-off and other incidental expenses (3)                   35,239
transaction and integration costs related to the 2018 silversea acquisition                                       2,048
adjusted ebitda                                                                                              $3,617,869
(1) included within other income (expense) in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(2) excludes income tax expense, included in the ebitda calculation above.
(3) amount includes incidental costs, net of insurance recoveries of $14.5 million related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas, which were reported primarily within other operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019; and $20.7 million regarding the grand bahama incident involving one of its drydocks, included in our equity investment income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019.
(4) adjustment made to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by heritage cruise holding ltd.'s (previously known as silversea cruises group ltd.) noncontrolling interest, which noncontrolling interest we acquired on july 9, 2020.
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (1)               11,625                           1,831                          51,853
(1) included within marketing, selling and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (1)                                          11,625                   -                                                            13,707
integration costs related to silversea cruises acquisition (1)                                        -                   -                                                               862
transaction costs related to silversea cruises acquisition (1)                                        -                   -                                                             1,186
(1) included within marketing, selling and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.
(2) included within total cruise operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.
passenger ticket revenues comprised 65.5% of our 2022 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues increased by $4.9 billion, or 515.6% to $5.8 billion in 2022 from $0.9 billion in 2021 and was partially offset by unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of $129.8 million.
the remaining 34.5% of total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which increased $2.5 billion, or 415.6% to $3.0 billion in 2022 from $591.0 million in 2021 and was partially offset by unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of $19.2 million.
the increase in total revenues was due to our return of operations, with our full fleet in service by june 2022, compared to 2021 when we began resuming guest cruise operations. occupancy in 2022 was 85.1% compared to 49.3% in 2021.
the increase in cruise operating expenses was driven by the return to operations in 2022, with the majority of our fleet in service compared to 2021, when the suspension of our global cruise operations was in effect. the 2022 operating expenses include the overhead costs associated with bringing our ships back to service and our crew back on board our ships. additionally, inflationary pressures have impacted our operating costs, especially in fuel and food expense. our cost of fuel (net of the financial impact of fuel swap agreements) for 2022 increased 43% per metric ton compared to 2021 mainly due to the increase in fuel price.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses increased $0.2 billion, or 15.5% to $1.6 billion in 2022 from $1.4 billion in 2021. the increase was due to the ramp up of our global sales and marketing efforts starting in the second half of 2021 as we commenced our resumption of operations. additionally, having our full fleet in service as of june 30, 2022 increased overall expenses compared to 2021.
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses increased $0.1 billion, or 8.8%, to $1.4 billion in 2022 compared to $1.3 billion. the increase was primarily due to the addition of wonder of the seas and celebrity beyond to our fleet in january 2022 and april 2022, respectively, and depreciation for odyssey of the seas and silver dawn, which were delivered in march 2021 and november 2021, respectively.
.impairment and credit losses impairment and credit losses for 2022 was $0.6 million compared to $82.0 million in 2021. the decrease in impairment loss was primarily due to 2021 impairment charges of certain construction in progress projects that were reduced in scope or terminated as a result of covid-19, which did not recur in 2022.
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, increased $72.4 million, or 5.6%, to $1.4 billion in 2022 from $1.3 billion in 2021. the increase was primarily due to additional indebtedness associated with new ship deliveries.
equity investment income for 2022 was $56.7 million compared to equity investment loss of $135.5 million in 2021. the increase in income was primarily due to income from tui cruises, one of our equity investments, in 2022 compared to losses in 2021.
other (expense) income decreased $140.7 million, or 693.5%, to other expense of $120.4 million in 2022 from other income of $20.3 million in 2021. the decrease was primarily due to a loss contingency of $130.0 million recorded in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation.
other comprehensive income other comprehensive income in 2022 was $67.7 million compared to $28.5 million in 2021. the change was primarily due to changes in defined benefits plan in 2022 of $48.9 million compared to $8.7 million in 2021.
future application of accounting standards refer to note. 2 summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on recent accounting pronouncements.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash net cash provided by (used in) operating activities increased by $2.4 billion to cash provided of $0.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to cash used of $1.9 billion for the same period in 2021. our full resumption of operations in 2022 generated an increase in guest ticket and onboard collections for the twelve months ended december 31, 2022, compared to a partial resumption of operations in 2021.
net cash used in investing activities increased by $843.0 million to cash used of $3.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to cash used of $2.1 billion for the same period in 2021. the increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to an increase in capital expenditures of $480.4 million due to the increased cost associated with taking delivery of wonder of the seas and celebrity beyond in 2022 compared to taking delivery of odyssey of the seas and silver dawn in 2021, and an increase in cash paid on settlement of derivative financial instruments of $281.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021.
net cash provided by financing activities was $1.7 billion in 2022 compared to cash provided of $3.0 billion in 2021. the decrease of $1.3 billion was primarily attributable to proceeds from common stock issuances of $1.6 billion during the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, compared to none during the same period in 2022, and offset by repayments of commercial paper notes of $414.6 million during the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, compared to none during the same period in 2022.
future capital commitments capital expenditures our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. as of december 31, 2022, we have one oasis-class ship, and three ships of a new generation, known as our icon-class, on order for our royal caribbean international brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 22,500 berths. as of december 31, 2022, we have one edge-class ship on order for our celebrity cruises brand, with a capacity of approximately 3,250 berths. additionally, as of december 31, 2022, we have two ships on order for our silversea cruises brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 1,460 berths. refer to item 1. business-operations for further information on our ships on order. we have committed financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship for the seven ships on order for our global brands, all of which include sovereign financing guarantees. additionally, we have an agreement in place with chantiers de l'atlantique to build an additional edge-class ship for delivery in 2025, which is contingent upon completion of conditions precedent and financing.
as of december 31, 2022, the aggregate cost of our ships on order, excluding any ships on order by our partner brands, was approximately $9.8 billion, of which we had deposited $832 million. approximately 52.3% of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate at december 31, 2022. refer to note 16. fair value measurements and derivative instruments and note 17. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
we have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted on our cash flows, liquidity and financial position by the covid-19 pandemic. in order to preserve liquidity, we deferred a significant portion of our planned 2020, 2021 and 2022 capital expenditures. as of december 31, 2022, we anticipate overall full year capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, will be approximately $4.1 billion for 2023. this amount does not include any ships on order by our partner brands.
2023                                                   2024                        2025                        2026                        2027                               thereafter                                 total operating activities:
investing activities:
(2)     amounts are based on contractual installment and delivery dates for our ships on order. included in these figures are $5.7 billion in final contractual installments, which have committed financing covering 80% of the cost of the ships on order for our global brands, almost all of which include sovereign financing guarantees. amounts do not include potential obligations which remain subject to cancellation at our sole discretion or any agreements entered for ships on order that remain contingent upon completion of conditions precedent.
refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for maturities related to debt.
refer to note 9. leases to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for maturities related to lease liabilities.
as a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. we continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations.
refer to note 7. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for ownership restrictions related to tui cruises.
refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for export credit agency guarantees.
refer to note 17. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for other agreements.
as of december 31, 2022, other than the items described above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position.
funding needs and sources historically, we relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, draw-downs under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund our obligations. covid-19 resulted in our voluntary suspension of global cruise operations from march 2020 up to our full fleet returning to service during the second quarter of 2022. the suspension of operations strained our sources of cash flow and liquidity, causing us to take actions resulting in reductions in our operating expenses, reductions in our capital expenses and new financings and other liquidity actions.
the company continually identifies and evaluates actions to maintain adequate liquidity. these include, and are not limited to: further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses and administrative costs and additional financings. additionally, we will continue to pursue various opportunities to raise additional capital to fund obligations associated with future debt maturities and/or to extend the maturity dates associated with our existing indebtedness or facilities. actions to raise capital may include issuances of debt, convertible debt or equity in private or public transactions or entering into new or extended credit facilities.
we have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately $7.6 billion of committed financing for our ships on order.
as of december 31, 2022, our obligations due through december 31, 2023 primarily consisted of $2.1 billion related to debt maturities, $1.3 billion related to interest on debt and $2.7 billion related to progress payments on our ship orders and, based on expected delivery date, the final installments payable due upon the delivery of silver nova, icon of the seas, and celebrity ascent.
as of december 31, 2022, we had liquidity of $2.9 billion, including cash and cash equivalents of $1.9 billion, $0.3 billion of undrawn revolving credit facility capacity, and a $0.7 billion commitment for a 364-day term loan facility which was terminated in february 2023 in connection with our completion of the $700 million 7.25% priority guaranteed notes offering. our revolving credit facilities were partially utilized through a combination of amounts drawn and letters of credit issued under the facilities as of december 31, 2022, which were subsequently amended in january 2023, as described in note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements. we have agreed with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends or engage in stock repurchases unless we repay the remaining principal payments that were deferred under our export credit facilities in 2020 and 2021. refer to note 10. shareholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. if this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations.
based on our assumptions and estimates and our financial condition, we believe that we have sufficient financial resources to fund our obligations for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. however, there is no assurance that our assumptions and estimates are accurate as there is inherent uncertainty in our ability to predict future liquidity requirements. refer to note 1. general, management's plan and liquidity, to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
debt covenants our export credit facilities, our non-export credit facilities, and certain of our credit card processing agreements contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio, limit our net debt-to-capital ratio, and maintain minimum liquidity, and under certain facilities, to maintain a minimum level of stockholders' equity. the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated by dividing net cash from operations for the past four quarters by the sum of dividend payments plus scheduled principal debt payments in excess of any new financings for the past four quarters. our minimum stockholders' equity and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations exclude the impact of accumulated other comprehensive loss on total stockholders' equity. in 2021 and 2022, the financial covenant levels were modified for 2023 and 2024. as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our financial covenants and we estimate that we will be in compliance for at least the next twelve months.
any further covenant waivers may lead to increased costs, increased interest rates, additional restrictive covenants and other available lender protections as may be agreed with our lenders. there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain additional waivers in a timely manner, or on acceptable terms. if we require additional waivers and are not able to obtain them or repay the debt facilities, this would lead to an event of default and potential acceleration of amounts due under all of our outstanding debt and derivative contracts. refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information regarding debt covenants.
dividends the declaration of dividends shall at all times be subject to the final determination of our board of directors that a dividend is prudent at that time in consideration of the needs of the business. in the event we declare a dividend or engage in share repurchases, we will need to repay the amounts deferred under our export credit facilities. accordingly, we have not declared a dividend since the first quarter of 2020.