item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
this section includes a discussion of our results of operations for the three years ended december 31, 2022. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements that anticipate results based on management's plans that are subject to uncertainty. we discuss in more detail various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations in item 1a. risk factors. the following discussion should be read considering those disclosures and together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.
overview we are north america's leading provider of comprehensive environmental solutions, providing services throughout the united states ("u.s.") and canada. we partner with our residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers and the communities we serve to manage and reduce waste at each stage from collection to disposal, while recovering valuable resources and creating clean, renewable energy. we own or operate the largest network of landfills throughout the u.s. and canada. in order to make disposal more practical for larger urban markets, where the distance to landfills is typically farther, we manage transfer stations that consolidate, compact and transport waste efficiently and economically.
through our subsidiaries, including our waste management renewable energy ("wm renewable energy") business, we are also a leading developer, operator and owner of landfill gas-to-energy facilities in the u.s. and canada that produce renewable electricity and renewable natural gas, which is a significant source of fuel for our natural gas fleet. additionally, we are a leading recycler in the u.s. and canada, handling materials that include paper, cardboard, glass, plastic and metal. our "solid waste" business is operated and managed locally by our subsidiaries that focus on distinct geographic areas and provide collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services.
our senior management evaluates, oversees and manages the financial performance of our solid waste operations through two operating segments. our east tier primarily consists of geographic areas located in the eastern u.s., the great lakes region and substantially all of canada. our west tier primarily includes geographic areas located in the western u.s., including the upper midwest region, and british columbia, canada. each of our solid waste operating segments provides integrated environmental services, including collection, transfer, recycling, and disposal.
our solid waste operating revenues are primarily generated from fees charged for our collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services, and from sales of commodities by our recycling and landfill gas-to-energy operations. revenues from our collection operations are influenced by factors such as collection frequency, type of collection equipment furnished, type and volume or weight of the waste collected, distance to the disposal facility or material recovery facility and our disposal costs. revenues from our landfill operations consist of tipping fees, which are generally based on the type and weight or volume of waste being disposed of at our disposal facilities. fees charged at transfer stations are generally based on the weight or volume of waste deposited, considering our cost of loading, transporting and disposing of the solid waste at a disposal site. recycling revenues generally consist of tipping fees and the sale of recycling commodities to third parties. the fees we charge for our services generally include our environmental, fuel surcharge and regulatory recovery fees which are intended to pass through to customers direct and indirect costs incurred. we also provide additional services that are not managed through our solid waste business, described under results of operations below.
business environment the waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry. however, customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered and those waste streams are becoming more complex. in addition, many state and local governments mandate diversion, recycling and waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of waste at landfills. we monitor these developments to adapt our service offerings. as companies, individuals and communities look for ways to be more sustainable, we promote our comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste in order to meet their needs. this includes expanding traditional recycling services, increasing organics collection and processing, and expanding our renewable energy projects to meet the evolving needs of our diverse customer base. as north america's leading provider of comprehensive environmental solutions, we are taking big, bold steps to catalyze positive change - change that will impact our company as well as the communities we serve. consistent with our company's long-standing commitment to sustainability and environmental stewardship, we published our 2022 sustainability report providing details on our environmental, social and governance ("esg") performance and outlining new 2030 goals. the sustainability report conveys the strong linkage between the company's esg goals and our growth strategy, inclusive of the planned expansion of the company's recycling and renewable energy businesses. the information in this report can be found at https://sustainability.wm.com but it does not constitute a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this annual report on form 10 k. for further discussion see item1. business - regulation - recent developments and focus areas in policy and regulation.
we encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental and private service providers based on pricing, and to a much lesser extent, the nature of service offerings, particularly in the residential line of business. our industry is directly affected by changes in general economic factors, including increases and decreases in consumer spending, business expansions and construction activity. these factors generally correlate to volumes of waste generated and impact our revenue. negative economic conditions and other macroeconomic trends can and have caused customers to reduce their service needs. such negative economic conditions, in addition to competitor actions, can impact our strategy to negotiate, renew, or expand service contracts and grow our business. we also encounter competition for acquisitions and growth opportunities. general economic factors and the market for consumer goods, in addition to regulatory developments, can also significantly impact commodity prices for the recyclable materials we sell. significant components of our operating expenses vary directly as we experience changes in revenue due to volume and a heightened pace of
inflation. volume changes can fluctuate significantly by line of business and volume changes in higher margin businesses, such as what we saw with covid-19, can impact key financial metrics. we must dynamically manage our cost structure in response to volume changes and cost inflation.
we believe the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry. in line with our commitment to continuous improvement and a differentiated customer experience, we remain focused on our automation and optimization investments to enhance our operational efficiency and change the way we interact with our customers. enhancements made through these initiatives are intended to seamlessly and digitally connect all the company's functions required to service our customers in order to provide the best experience and service. in late 2021, we began to execute on the next phase of this technology enablement strategy to automate and optimize certain elements of our service delivery model. this next phase will prioritize reduced labor dependency on certain high-turnover jobs, particularly in customer experience, recycling and residential collection. we continue to make these investments to further digitalize our customer self-service and implement technologies to further enhance the safety, reliability and efficiency of our collection operations. additionally, in 2022, we implemented a new general ledger accounting system, complementary finance enterprise resource planning system and a human capital management system, which will drive operational and service excellence by empowering our people through a modern, simplified and connected employee experience.
macroeconomic pressures, including inflation and rising interest rates, and market disruption, resulting in labor market, supply chain and transportation constraints are continuing. significant global supply chain disruption and the heightened pace of inflation have reduced availability and increased costs for the goods and services we purchase, with a particular impact on our repair and maintenance costs. supply chain constraints have also caused delayed delivery of fleet, steel containers and other purchases. aspects of our business rely on third-party transportation providers, and such services have become more limited and expensive.
while demand for recyclables generally continues to trend upwards, during the second half of 2022, we saw significant declines in commodity prices for recycled materials, and we expect continued significant headwinds from commodity prices for recycled material into 2023, resulting from the slowdown in the global economy, which reduced retail demand and the corresponding need for cardboard packaging to ship retail goods. we are also currently experiencing margin pressures from other commodity-driven business impacts, particularly from higher fuel prices. the constrained labor market has resulted in increased costs for wage adjustments, overtime hours and training new hires. geopolitical conflict and the resulting international response, including russia's invasion of ukraine, have also exacerbated market disruption, leading to volatility in commodity prices, impacts on the availability and cost of energy, and vendor and supplier disruptions across the global supply chain. the extent and duration of the impact of these labor market, supply chain, transportation and recycling challenges are subject to numerous external factors beyond our control, including broader macroeconomic conditions; recessionary fears and/or an economic recession; size, location, and qualifications of the labor pool; wage and price structures; adoption of new or revised regulations; future resurgence of covid-19 or other pandemic conditions and restrictions; geopolitical conflicts and responses and supply and demand for recycled materials. as we experience inflationary cost pressures, we focus on our strategic pricing efforts, as well as operating efficiencies and cost controls, to maintain and grow our earnings and cash flow. with these macroeconomic pressures, we remain focused on putting our people first to ensure that they are well positioned to execute our daily operations diligently and safely. we are encouraged by our results in 2022 and remain focused on delivering outstanding customer service, managing our variable costs with changing volumes and investing in technology that will enhance our customers' experience and reduce our cost to serve.
acquisition of advanced disposal services, inc. ("advanced disposal")
on october 30, 2020, we completed our acquisition of all outstanding shares of advanced disposal for $30.30 per share in cash, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger dated april 14, 2019, as amended on june 24, 2020. total enterprise value of the acquisition was $4.6 billion when including approximately $1.8 billion of advanced disposal's net debt. this acquisition grew our footprint and allows us to provide differentiated, sustainable waste management and recycling services to approximately three million new commercial, industrial and residential customers primarily located in the eastern half of the u.s. in connection with our acquisition of advanced disposal, we and advanced disposal entered into an agreement that provided for gfl environmental to acquire a combination of assets from us and advanced disposal
to address divestitures required by the u.s. department of justice. immediately following the acquisition, the divestiture transactions were consummated and the company subsequently received cash proceeds from the sale of $856 million.
for the year ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred integration related costs of $10 million and $51 million, respectively, and for the year ended december 31, 2020, we incurred acquisition and integration related costs of $156 million, which were primarily classified as "selling, general and administrative expenses". the post-closing operating results of advanced disposal have been included in our consolidated financial statements, within our existing reportable segments. post-closing through december 31, 2020, advanced disposal recognized $205 million, $142 million and $60 million of revenue, operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively, which are included in our consolidated statement of operations.
for more information related to our acquisitions, see notes 11 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements and the summary of cash flow activity section below.
covid-19 impact the impacts of covid-19 on the global economy increased rapidly during the second quarter of 2020, affecting our business in most geographies and across a variety of our customer types. over the past two years, our volumes have recovered, largely exceeding volumes from the pre-pandemic levels in 2019. while we continue to be optimistic about north america's overall economic recovery from the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. a significant future resurgence in transmission of covid-19, a significant new virus variant, or other pandemic conditions that result in business closures and social restrictions could adversely impact our volumes and costs in the future.
current year financial results during 2022, we continued to advance our strategic priorities-enhancing employee engagement, improving our operations through the use of technology and automation, and investing in growth through our recycling and renewable energy businesses. this strategic focus, combined with strong operational execution resulted in increased revenue, income from operations and income from operations margin driven primarily by both yield and volume growth in our collection and disposal business. we were able to achieve these results despite high inflationary cost pressures. we remain diligent in offering a competitively profitable service that meets the needs of our customers and are focused on driving operating efficiencies and reducing discretionary spend. we continue to invest in our people through market wage adjustments, investments in our digital platform and training for our team members. despite the significant downturn in commodity prices for recyclable materials in the second half of the year, we remain committed to our investment in recycling automation, which reduces costs and increases throughput, positioning us to overcome commodity price headwinds and deliver a differentiated service. we also continue to make investments in automation and optimization to enhance our operational efficiency and improve labor productivity for all lines of business. during 2022, the company allocated $2,587 million of available cash to capital expenditures. we also allocated $2,577 million of available cash to our shareholders during 2022 through dividends and common stock repurchases.
●   revenues of $19,698 million for 2022 compared with $17,931 million in 2021, an increase of $1,767 million, or 9.9%. the increase is primarily attributable to (i) higher yield in our collection and disposal lines of business; (ii) increases from our fuel surcharge program and (iii) higher volume in our collection and disposal lines of business;
●   operating expenses of $12,294 million in 2022, or 62.4% of revenues, compared with $11,111 million, or 62.0% of revenues, in 2021. the $1,183 million increase is primarily attributable to (i) inflationary cost pressures, particularly for maintenance and repairs and subcontractor costs; (ii) commodity-driven business impacts from higher fuel prices and recycling and (iii) labor cost increases from frontline employee wage adjustments;
●   selling, general and administrative expenses of $1,938 million in 2022, or 9.8% of revenues, compared with $1,864 million, or 10.4% of revenues, in 2021. the $74 million increase is primarily attributable to (i) higher costs associated with our strategic investments in our digital platform and sustainability initiatives; (ii) increased labor costs primarily from higher annual incentive compensation costs and merit increases; (iii) increased
business travel and entertainment expense and (iv) an increase in provision for bad debts; partially offset by (i) lower long-term incentive compensation costs; (ii) market adjustments for deferred compensation plans related to investment performance and (iii) lower litigation costs;
●   income from operations of $3,365 million, or 17.1% of revenues, in 2022 compared with $2,965 million, or 16.5% of revenues, in 2021. the increase in the current year was primarily driven by revenue growth in our collection and disposal lines of business driven by both yield and volume, partially offset by (i) inflationary cost pressures; (ii) labor cost increases from frontline employee wage adjustments; (iii) non-cash asset impairments; and (iv) reduced profitability in our recycling business;
●   net income attributable to waste management, inc. was $2,238 million, or $5.39 per diluted share, compared with $1,816 million, or $4.29 per diluted share, in 2021. the increase in income from operations, as discussed above, in addition to a net loss on early extinguishment of debt of $220 million in 2021 that did not repeat in 2022, drove an increase in net income;
●   net cash provided by operating activities was $4,536 million in 2022, compared with $4,338 million in 2021. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was driven by (i) an increase in earnings and (ii) lower interest payments during 2022. these results were partially offset by higher income tax payments in 2022 primarily as a result of higher pre-tax earnings and a deposit of approximately $103 million that was made to the internal revenue service ("irs") related to a disputed tax matter. the company expects to seek a refund of the entire amount deposited with the irs and litigate any denial of the claim for refund. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion; and
●   free cash flow was $1,976 million in 2022, compared with $2,530 million in 2021. the decrease in free cash flow is primarily attributable to (i) an increase in capital spending, primarily driven by our intentional investment in sustainability growth projects as well as timing differences in our fixed asset purchases to support our ongoing operations and (ii) higher income tax payments in 2022. this decrease was partially offset by increased earnings in 2022. free cash flow is a non-gaap measure of liquidity. refer to free cash flow below for our definition of free cash flow, additional information about our use of this measure, and a reconciliation to net cash provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable gaap measure.
results of operations operating revenues our solid waste operating revenues are primarily generated from fees charged for our collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services, and from sales of commodities by our recycling and landfill gas-to-energy operations. we also provide additional services that are not managed through our solid waste business, including both our strategic business solutions ("wmsbs") and sustainability and environmental services ("ses") businesses, which include landfill gas-to-energy services, environmental solutions services and recycling brokerage services. we also offer
(a)   the "other" line of business includes (i) certain services provided by our wmsbs business; (ii) certain services within our sustainability business including our landfill gas to energy operations managed by our wm renewable energy business and (iii) certain other expanded service offerings and solutions and reflects the results of non-operating entities that provide financial assurance and self-insurance support for our solid waste business, net of intercompany activity. revenue attributable to collection, landfill, transfer and recycling services provided by our "other" businesses has been reflected as a component of the relevant line of business for purposes of presentation in this table.
(b)   intercompany revenues between lines of business are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements included within this report.
the following table provides details associated with the period-to-period change in revenues and average yield for the year ended december 31 (dollars in millions):
acquisitions                                                                      62              0.4                                                       1,032              6.8
divestitures                                                                    (15)            (0.1)                                                        (49)            (0.3)
(a)   calculated by dividing the increase or decrease for the current year by the prior year's related business revenue adjusted to exclude the impacts of divestitures for the current year.
(b)   calculated by dividing the increase or decrease for the current year by the prior year's total company revenue adjusted to exclude the impacts of divestitures for the current year.
(c)   includes combined impact of commodity price variability and changes in fees.
average yield collection and disposal average yield - this measure reflects the effect on our revenue from the pricing activities of our collection, transfer and landfill operations, exclusive of volume changes. revenue growth from collection and disposal average yield includes not only base rate changes and environmental and service fee fluctuations, but also (i) certain average price changes related to the overall mix of services, which are due to the types of services provided; (ii) changes in average price from new and lost business and (iii) price decreases to retain customers.
our overall strategic pricing efforts are focused on recovering our higher cost to service our customers that we experience in our business by increasing our average unit rate. we experienced strong average yield growth in our collection line of business of 8.2% in 2022, up from 4.2% in 2021, illustrating our focus on our pricing efforts in this inflationary environment. we are driving improvements in our residential line of business, aligning the price charged for services we provide to our customers with the costs to provide the services, resulting in increased average yield in 2022 of 6.1%, up from 4.5% in 2021. we are also continuing to see growth in our disposal business with our municipal solid waste business experiencing average yield of 6.2% in 2022, up from 3.2% in 2021.
recycling - recycling revenues attributable to yield increased $19 million and $537 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods, primarily from higher market prices for recycling commodities in 2021 and the first half of 2022, before the significant downturn in the second half of 2022.
demand for recycled materials strengthened through 2021 and into early 2022, primarily driven by the growth in e-commerce, businesses re-opening, and manufacturers committing to use more recycled content in their packaging. in 2022, we experienced all-time high recycling commodity pricing in the first half of the year to be followed by historically low pricing through the second half of the year, resulting from the slowdown in the global economy, which reduced retail demand and the corresponding need for cardboard packaging to ship retail goods. we expect significant commodity price headwinds to continue into 2023. average market prices for recycling commodities at the company's facilities were approximately 10% lower and 115% higher in 2022 and 2021, respectively, when compared with the prior year periods. revenue decline from lower commodity pricing was offset by higher pricing in our recycling brokerage business as well as our continued focus on a fee-based pricing model that ensures fees paid by customers cover the cost of processing materials and the impact on our cost structure of managing contamination in the recycling stream.
fuel surcharges and other - these fees, which include (i) our fuel surcharge program, (ii) yield from our wm renewable energy business and (iii) other mandated fees, increased $474 million and $240 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the prior year periods. fuel surcharge revenues are based on and fluctuate in response to changes in the national average prices for diesel fuel, and also vary with changes in our volume-based revenue activity. market prices for diesel fuel were over 50% and 30% higher in 2022 and 2021, as compared to the prior year periods. revenue from yield growth in our wm renewable energy business increased $48 million and $85 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by increases in the value for electricity and
renewable natural gas credits. the mandated fees are primarily related to fees and taxes assessed by various state, county and municipal government agencies at our landfills and transfer stations. these amounts have not significantly impacted the change in revenue for the periods presented.
volume our revenues from volume (excluding volumes from acquisitions and divestitures) increased $233 million, or 1.3%, and $435 million, or 2.8%, in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods. our collection and disposal business volumes grew 1.8% and 3.0% in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
our 2022 volume growth has moderated when compared to the accelerated volume recovery from covid-related impacts experienced in 2021. special waste volumes at our landfills have been the most significant driver of volume growth, primarily due to an increase in event-driven projects. in addition, our wmsbs business volumes grew as a result of our continued focus on a differentiated service model for national accounts customers. our volumes have been impacted by our intentional efforts to reduce unprofitable residential and industrial collection volumes.
we experienced higher volume growth in 2021 relative to the sharp decline experienced in april 2020 as a result of covid-related impacts. the pace of recovery in our volumes accelerated in the second quarter of 2021 and continued in the second half of 2021 with minimal impact from periodic resurgences in transmission of covid-19 virus variants as communities and businesses have remained open. the portions of our business that had the most pronounced decreases in volume due to the pandemic were our industrial and commercial collection businesses and our landfill volumes.
acquisitions and divestitures acquisitions and divestitures resulted in a net increase in revenues of $47 million, or 0.3%, and $983 million, or 6.5%, in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods, with the increase in 2021 primarily due to our acquisition of advanced disposal.
operating expenses our operating expenses are comprised of (i) labor and related benefits costs (excluding labor costs associated with maintenance and repairs discussed below), which include salaries and wages, bonuses, related payroll taxes, insurance and benefits costs and the costs associated with contract labor; (ii) transfer and disposal costs, which include tipping fees paid to third-party disposal facilities and transfer stations; (iii) maintenance and repairs costs relating to equipment, vehicles and facilities and related labor costs; (iv) subcontractor costs, which include the costs of independent haulers who transport waste collected by us to disposal facilities and are affected by variables such as volumes, distance and fuel prices; (v) costs of goods sold, which includes the cost to purchase recycling materials for our recycling line of business, including certain rebates paid to suppliers; (vi) fuel costs, net of tax credits for alternative fuel, which represent the costs of fuel to operate our truck fleet and landfill operating equipment; (vii) disposal and franchise fees and taxes, which include landfill taxes, municipal franchise fees, host community fees, contingent landfill lease payments and royalties; (viii) landfill operating costs, which include interest accretion on landfill liabilities, interest accretion on and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and recovery assets, leachate and methane collection and treatment, landfill remediation costs and other landfill site costs; (ix) risk management costs, which include general liability, automobile liability and workers' compensation claims programs costs and (x) other operating costs, which include gains and losses on sale of assets, telecommunications, equipment and facility lease expenses, property taxes, utilities and supplies. variations in volumes year-over-year, as discussed above in operating revenues, in addition to cost inflation, affect the comparability of the components of our operating expenses.
labor and related benefits                       $3,452        17.5   %            $3,223        18.0   %            $2,746        18.1   %
our operating expenses in 2022 increased, as compared with 2021, primarily due to (i) inflationary cost pressures, particularly for maintenance and repairs and subcontractor costs; (ii) commodity-driven business impacts from higher fuel prices and recycling and (iii) labor cost pressure from frontline employee wage adjustments. we also continue to focus on operating efficiency and efforts to control costs.
our operating expenses in 2021 increased, as compared with 2020, primarily due to (i) increased volumes from the acquisition of advanced disposal; (ii) commodity-driven business impacts, particularly from recycling brokerage rebates and higher fuel prices; (iii) volume recovery from earlier pandemic-driven lows; (iv) labor cost pressure from frontline employee wage adjustments, increased turnover driving up training costs and higher overtime due to driver shortages and volume growth and (v) inflationary cost pressures, primarily in the second half of 2021. these impacts were partially offset by our continued focus on operating efficiency and efforts to control costs as volumes grow.
significant items affecting the comparison of operating expenses between reported periods include:
labor and related benefits - the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2022, as compared with 2021,was largely driven by (i) proactive market wage adjustments to hire and retain talent; (ii) annual merit and annual incentive compensation cost increases and (iii) increases in health and welfare costs attributable to our intentional investment in delivering a leading benefits program for our employees and increases in medical care activity. the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2021, as compared with 2020, was largely driven by (i) increased labor and related benefits costs related to our acquisition of advanced disposal; (ii) merit and proactive market wage adjustments to hire and retain talent; (iii) volume increases, particularly in our commercial and industrial collection businesses, which when combined with driver shortages and turnover in certain markets, increased overtime and training hours; (iv) higher annual incentive compensation and (v) increases in health and welfare costs attributable to medical care activity generally returning to pre-pandemic levels.
transfer and disposal costs - the increase in transfer and disposal costs in 2022, as compared with 2021, was largely driven by inflationary cost increases, which includes increased disposal fees at third-party sites and higher fuel from our third-party haulers offset, in part, by decreases in residential collection and transfer volume. the increase in transfer and disposal costs in 2021, as compared with 2020, was largely driven by increased volume, which includes the volumes from our acquisition of advanced disposal and inflationary cost increases from our third-party haulers.
maintenance and repairs - the increase in maintenance and repairs costs in 2022, as compared with 2021,was largely driven by (i) inflationary cost increases for parts, supplies and third-party services; (ii) additional fleet maintenance driven by supply chain constraints, which have delayed deliveries of new trucks; (iii) labor cost increases for our technicians, including higher overtime; (iv) increased building maintenance costs including improvements to facilities and (v) an increase in container repairs driven by delays in delivery of steel containers due to supply chain constraints. the increase in maintenance and repairs costs in 2021, as compared with 2020, was largely driven by (i) our acquisition of advanced disposal, including intentional investments to bring the acquired fleet to our standards; (ii) inflationary cost
increases for parts, supplies and third-party services; (iii) additional fleet maintenance driven by commercial and industrial collection volume increases; (iv) labor cost increases for our technicians, including higher overtime from labor shortages; (v) an increase in container repairs driven by volume increases and delays in normal course capital expenditures for steel containers due to both steel costs and supply chain constraints and (vi) increased building maintenance costs including improvements to facilities.
subcontractor costs - the increase in subcontractor costs in 2022, as compared with 2021,was largely driven by (i) inflationary cost increases, particularly for fuel and labor costs from third-party haulers and (ii) an increase in volumes in our wmsbs business, which relies more extensively on subcontracted hauling than our collection and disposal business. the increase in subcontractor costs in 2021, as compared with 2020, was largely driven by (i) inflationary cost increases from third-party haulers and higher volumes; (ii) an increase in volumes in our wmsbs business and (iii) the acquisition of advanced disposal.
cost of goods sold - the increase in cost of goods sold in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by all-time high recycling commodity pricing in the first half of the year offset, in part, by the historically low pricing through the second half of the year. the increase in cost of goods sold in 2021, as compared with 2020, was primarily driven by increases in market prices for recycling commodities of approximately 115% and to a lesser extent, higher recycling volumes.
fuel - the increase in fuel costs in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily due to increases in market diesel and natural gas fuel prices as compared to the prior year. the increase in fuel costs in 2021, as compared with 2020, was primarily due to (i) increases in market diesel and natural gas fuel prices; (ii) the acquisition of advanced disposal and (iii) volume increases in our commercial and industrial collection businesses.
disposal and franchise fees and taxes - the increase in disposal and franchise fees and taxes in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by higher franchise fees, driven by an increase in landfill volumes, paid to certain municipalities where we operate and overall rate increases in our fees and taxes paid on our disposal volumes. the increase in disposal and franchise fees and taxes in 2021, as compared with 2020, was primarily driven by (i) landfill volume increases; (ii) disposal rate increases at certain landfills and (iii) additional costs attributable to our acquisition of advanced disposal.
landfill operating costs - our landfill operating costs increased in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily due to increases in methane and leachate management costs and other site maintenance costs, in part due to inflation. the increase in landfill operating costs in 2021, as compared with 2020, was primarily due to volume increases, including from our acquisition of advanced disposal and increased testing and monitoring costs. these increases were partially offset by (i) lower leachate management costs, primarily due to the cessation of certain transportation costs in our east tier segment and (ii) changes in the measurement of our environmental remediation obligations and recovery assets. the increases in both 2022 and 2021 were offset, in part, by changes in the measurement of our environmental remediation obligations and recovery assets in each year. our measurement of these balances includes application of a risk-free discount rate, which is based on the rate for u.s. treasury bonds. the discount rate increased, which resulted in a reduction in the net liability balance and a credit to expense, in both 2021 and 2022 with more significant impact in 2022. conversely, in 2020, there was a decrease in the discount rate, which resulted in an increase in the net liability balance and a charge to expense.
risk management - risk management costs increased slightly in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily due to inflation in premiums. the increase in risk management costs in 2021, as compared with 2020, was primarily due to our acquisition of advanced disposal and overall economic recovery from covid-driven impacts, increasing business activity and claim volumes and related costs.
other - other operating cost increases in 2022, as compared with 2021, were primarily due to (i) inflationary cost pressures; (ii) higher equipment rental costs attributable, in part, to supply chain constraints slowing normal course fleet and equipment orders; (iii) higher utility costs at our facilities and (iv) an increase in business travel in 2022. additionally, a favorable litigation settlement in 2021 impacted the comparison. other operating cost increases in 2021, as compared with 2020, were due to our acquisition of advanced disposal and increased equipment rental costs attributable, in part, to increased volumes and supply chain constraints slowing normal course fleet and equipment orders. additionally, during the second half of 2021, additional volumes and inflationary cost pressures drove an increase in various costs. partially
offsetting these was a favorable litigation settlement in 2021. additionally, net gains on sales of certain assets during each year impacted the comparability of the reported periods selling, general and administrative expenses our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of (i) labor and related benefits costs, which include salaries, bonuses, related insurance and benefits, contract labor, payroll taxes and equity-based compensation; (ii) professional fees, which include fees for consulting, legal, audit and tax services; (iii) provision for bad debts, which includes allowances for uncollectible customer accounts and collection fees and (iv) other selling, general and administrative expenses, which include, among other costs, facility-related expenses, voice and data telecommunication, advertising, bank charges, computer costs, travel and entertainment, rentals, postage and printing. in addition, the financial impacts of litigation reserves generally are included in our "other" selling, general and administrative expenses.
labor and related benefits          $1,195       6.1   %          $1,215        6.8   %          $1,057        6.9   %
selling, general and administrative expenses in 2022, as compared with 2021, increased primarily due to (i) strategic investments in our digital platform, including those that support our ongoing sustainability initiatives; (ii) higher annual incentive compensation costs and merit increases for our employees; (iii) increased business travel and entertainment expense and (iv) an increase in provision for bad debts, partially offset by (i) lower long-term incentive compensation costs; (ii) market adjustments for deferred compensation plans related to investment performance and (iii) lower litigation costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses in 2021, as compared with 2020, increased primarily due to (i) higher incentive compensation costs; (ii) strategic investments in our digital platform and (iii) increased labor, support and integration costs following our acquisition of advanced disposal. partially offsetting these increases are lower consulting, advisory and legal fees following the completion of our acquisition of advanced disposal in 2020 and improvements in our provision for bad debts as collections returned to pre-pandemic levels.
although our costs increased in 2022 and 2021, the significant revenue increases positioned us to reduce our overall selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues when compared with each of the prior year periods.
significant items affecting the comparison of our selling, general and administrative expenses between reported periods include:
labor and related benefits - the decrease in labor and related benefits costs in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily due to (i) lower long-term incentive compensation costs; (ii) reductions in contract labor and (iii) market adjustments for deferred compensation plans related to investment performance, partially offset by higher annual incentive compensation and annual merit increases for our employees. the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2021, as compared with 2020, was primarily due to (i) higher incentive compensation costs; (ii) additional headcount, including from our acquisition of advanced disposal; (iii) annual merit increases for our employees; (iv) costs associated with our strategic investments in our digital platform and (v) increases in health and welfare costs attributable to medical care activities generally returning to pre-pandemic levels from the lower level experienced during 2020.
professional fees - the increase in professional fees in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by strategic investments in our digital platform, including those that support our ongoing sustainability initiatives, partially
offset by lower acquisition and integration costs. professional fees decreased in 2021, as compared with 2020, primarily due to lower consulting, advisory and legal fees following the completion of our acquisition of advanced disposal in 2020, partially offset by increased strategic investments in our digital platform and integration costs related to our acquisition of advanced disposal.
provision for bad debts - the increase in provision for bad debts in 2022, as compared with 2021, is primarily related to (i) increased revenue; (ii) increased collection risk with certain customers and (iii) favorable adjustments to our reserves taken in 2021 as a result of improvement in customer account collections. the decrease in provision for bad debts in 2021, as compared with 2020, was primarily due to an overall improvement in customer account collections and decreased collection risk with certain customers.
other - the increase in other expenses in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by costs associated with technology infrastructure to support our strategic investments in our digital platform and an increase in business travel and entertainment expense, partially offset by lower litigation costs. the increase in other expenses in 2021, as compared with 2020, was primarily driven by costs associated with our acquisition of advanced disposal and increased technology infrastructure costs to support our strategic investments in our digital platform.
the increase in depreciation of tangible property and equipment in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by investments in capital assets, including containers to service our customers and strategic investments in our digital platform. the increase in depletion of landfill airspace in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by changes in depletion rates from revisions in landfill cost estimates and increased volumes at our landfills, partially offset by a prior year charge due to management's decision to close a landfill in our west tier segment earlier than expected, resulting in the acceleration of the timing of capping, closure, and post-closure activities. the decrease in amortization of intangible assets in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by the amortization of acquired intangible assets from the acquisition of advanced disposal.
the increase in depreciation of tangible property and equipment in 2021, as compared with 2020, was related to our acquisition of advanced disposal and investments in capital assets, including our fleet, heavy equipment at our landfills and containers to service our customers. the increase in depletion of landfill airspace in 2021, as compared with 2020, was driven by (i) changes in depletion rates driven by revisions in landfill estimates, including a $15 million charge due to management's decision to close a landfill in our west tier segment earlier than expected; (ii) our acquisition of advanced disposal and (iii) landfill volume increases associated with the economic recovery from covid-driven impacts. additionally, 2020 benefited from a decrease in the inflation rate used to estimate capping, closure, and post-closure asset retirement obligations. the increase in amortization of intangible assets in 2021, as compared with 2020, was primarily driven by the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to the acquisition of advanced disposal.
restructuring during the year ended december 31, 2021, we recognized $8 million of restructuring charges primarily related to our acquisition of advanced disposal. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recognized $9 million of restructuring
charges primarily related to modifying our field sales and customer services structures to better support our strategic investments in our digital platform.
(gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net the following table summarizes the major components of (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net for the year ended december 31 (in millions):
gain from divestitures, net          $(5)       $(44)           $(33)
for the year ended december 31, 2022, we recognized $62 million of net charges consisting of (i) $50 million of asset impairment charges primarily related to management's decision to close two landfills within our east tier segment and (ii) a $17 million charge pertaining to reserves for loss contingencies in our corporate and other segment to adjust an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary's estimated potential share of the liability for a proposed environmental remediation plan at a closed site, as discussed in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. these losses were partially offset by a $5 million gain from the divestiture of a solid waste business in our west tier segment.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, we recognized net gains of $16 million primarily consisting of (i) a $35 million pre-tax gain from the recognition of cumulative translation adjustments on the divestiture of certain non-strategic canadian operations in our east tier segment and (ii) an $8 million gain from divestitures of certain ancillary operations in our other segment. these gains were partially offset by (i) a $20 million charge pertaining to reserves for loss contingencies in our corporate and other segment and (ii) $8 million of asset impairment charges primarily related to our wm renewable energy business within our other segment.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recognized $35 million of net charges primarily related to (i) a $33 million net gain associated with net asset divestitures executed to address requirements of the u.s. department of justice in connection with our acquisition of advanced disposal, primarily within our west tier segment; (ii) $41 million of non-cash impairment charges primarily related to two landfills and an oil field waste injection facility in our west tier segment; (iii) a $20 million non-cash impairment charge in our east tier segment due to management's decision to close a landfill once its constructed airspace is filled and abandon any remaining permitted airspace and (iv) $7 million of net charges primarily related to non-cash impairments of certain assets within our wm renewable energy business in our other segment.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the accounting policy and analysis involved in identifying and calculating impairments.
(a)   "other" includes (i) elements of our wmsbs business that are not included in the operations of our reportable segments; (ii) elements of our sustainability business that includes landfill gas-to-energy operations managed by our wm renewable energy business, our ses business and recycling brokerage services and not included in the operations of our reportable segments; (iii) certain other expanded service offerings and solutions and (iv) the results of non-operating entities that provide financial assurance and self-insurance support for our solid waste business, net of intercompany activity.
(b)   "corporate and other" operating results reflect certain costs incurred for various support services that are not allocated to our reportable segments. these support services include, among other things, treasury, legal, digital, tax, insurance, centralized service center processes, other administrative functions and the maintenance of our closed landfills. income from operations for "corporate and other" also includes costs associated with our long-term incentive program.
solid waste - the most significant items affecting the results of operations of our solid waste business during the three years ended december 31, 2022 are summarized below:
●   income from operations in our solid waste business increased in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily due to revenue growth in our collection and disposal businesses driven by both yield and volume. this increase was partially offset by (i) inflationary cost pressures; (ii) labor cost increases from frontline employee wage adjustments; (iii) divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items discussed above in (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net; that impacted our east tier results and (iv) reduced profitability in our recycling business from the decline in recycling commodity prices and lower volumes.
●   income from operations in our solid waste business increased in 2021, as compared with 2020, primarily due to (i) revenue growth in our collection and disposal businesses driven by both yield and volume, as well as the acquisition of advanced disposal; (ii) improved profitability in our recycling business from higher market prices for recycling commodities and improved costs at facilities where we have made investments in enhanced technology and equipment and (iii) changes from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items discussed above in (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net that impacted both tiers' results. these increases were partially offset by (i) labor cost pressure from frontline employee wage adjustments, increased turnover driving up training costs and higher overtime due to driver shortages and volume growth; (ii) increased landfill depletion from higher volumes and revisions in landfill estimates, including the anticipated timing of capping, closure and post-closure activities at certain landfills and adjustments in 2020 to the inflation rate used to estimate capping, closure, and post-closure asset retirement obligations that benefitted costs in 2020 and (iii) inflationary cost pressures. during 2021, the positive earnings contributions from advanced disposal were offset by elevated depreciation, depletion and amortization of acquired assets.
other - the decrease in income from operations in 2022, as compared with 2021, was due to the recognition of acquisition and integration-related costs, as well as, a prior year gain from divestitures of certain ancillary operations in our other segment, discussed above in (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net, partially offset by improved profitability in our ses and wmsbs businesses. the increase in income from operations for 2021, as compared to 2020, was primarily driven by increased market values for renewable energy credits generated by our wm renewable energy business.
corporate and other - the most significant items affecting the results of operations for corporate and other during the three years ended december 31, 2022 are summarized below:
●   these costs increased in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily due to strategic investments in our digital platform and sustainability initiatives, partially offset by lower acquisition and integration related costs.
●   these costs increased in 2021, as compared with 2020, due to (i) higher incentive compensation costs; (ii) increased labor, support and integration costs following our acquisition of advanced disposal; (iii) strategic investments in our digital platform; (iv) increased health and welfare costs attributable to medical care activity generally returning to pre-pandemic levels from the lower levels experienced during 2020 and (v) charges pertaining to reserves for certain loss contingencies during 2021. these increases were partially offset by lower consulting, advisory and legal fees following the completion of our acquisition of advanced disposal in the fourth quarter of 2020 and changes in the measurement of our environmental remediation obligations and recovery assets in both 2020 and 2021.
interest expense, net our interest expense, net was $378 million, $365 million and $425 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase in interest expense, net for 2022 was primarily related to borrowings incurred under our $1.0 billion two-year, u.s. term credit agreement ("term loan") and increases in interest rates on our floating-rate debt, including commercial paper and variable-rate tax-exempt bonds. partially offsetting these increases were benefits from higher capitalized interest and increases in interest income as a result of higher cash and cash equivalent balances.
the decrease in interest expense, net for 2021 was primarily due to certain refinancing activities, as discussed further below, including (i) the redemption of $3.0 billion of senior notes in july 2020 and the issuance of $2.5 billion of senior notes in november 2020 at lower rates and (ii) the retirement of $1.3 billion of certain high-coupon senior notes and concurrent issuance of $950 million of lower coupon senior notes in may 2021. the decreases were partially offset by decreases in interest income as a result of lower cash and cash equivalents balances in 2021. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to our debt balances.
in july 2020, we recognized a $52 million loss on early extinguishment of debt in our consolidated statement of operations related to the mandatory redemption of $3.0 billion of senior notes with a special mandatory redemption feature (the "smr notes"). the loss includes $30 million of premiums paid and $22 million of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs. pursuant to the terms of the smr notes, we were required to redeem all of such outstanding notes paying debt holders 101% of the aggregate principal amounts of such notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest, as a result of the advanced disposal acquisition not being completed by july 14, 2020. accordingly, the redemption was completed on
during the fourth quarter of 2020, we repaid the outstanding borrowings under a 364-day revolving credit facility and contemporaneously terminated the facility, at which time we recognized a $2 million loss on early extinguishment of debt in our consolidated statement of operations related to unamortized debt issuance costs. additionally, at the time of acquisition, advanced disposal had outstanding $425 million of 5.625% senior notes due november 2024. in november 2020, we redeemed the notes pursuant to an optional redemption feature upon which we recognized a $1 million gain on early extinguishment of debt in our consolidated statement of operations due to the difference in carrying value and redemption price.
equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities we recognized equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities of $67 million, $36 million and $68 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the losses for each period were primarily related to our noncontrolling interests in entities established to invest in and manage low-income housing properties. we generate tax benefits, including tax credits, from the losses incurred from these investments, which are discussed further in notes 8 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements. we also held a residual financial interest in an entity that owned a refined coal facility that qualified for federal tax credits. in 2020, the entity sold the majority of its assets resulting in a $7 million non-cash impairment charge at that time.
income tax expense we recorded income tax expense of $678 million, $532 million and $397 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, resulting in effective income tax rates of 23.2%, 22.6% and 20.9% for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the comparability of our income tax expense for the reported periods has been primarily affected by the following:
●   investments qualifying for federal tax credits - our low-income housing properties investments reduced our income tax expense by $99 million, $74 million and $87 million, primarily due to tax credits realized from these investments for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these unconsolidated variable interest entities;
●   equity-based compensation - during 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized a reduction in our income tax expense of $17 million, $18 million and $27 million, respectively, for excess tax benefits related to the vesting or exercise of equity-based compensation awards;
●   state net operating losses and credits - during 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized state net operating losses and credits resulting in a reduction in our income tax expense of $8 million, $15 million and $12 million, respectively;
●   tax audit settlements - we file income tax returns in the u.s. and canada, as well as other state and local jurisdictions. we are currently under audit by various taxing authorities and our audits are in various stages of completion. during the reported periods, we settled various tax audits, which resulted in a reduction in our income tax expense of $6 million, $13 million and $10 million for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively;
●   adjustments to accruals and related deferred taxes - adjustments to our accruals and related deferred taxes primarily due to the filing of our income tax returns, analysis of our deferred tax balances and uncertain tax positions, and changes in state and foreign laws resulted in an increase in our income tax expense of $1 million and $17 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and a reduction in our income tax expense of $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2020;
●   tax implications of divestitures - during 2021, we recognized a pre-tax gain from the recognition of cumulative translation adjustments on the divestiture of certain non-strategic canadian operations. this gain was not taxable, which benefited our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2021;
●   non-deductible transaction costs - during 2020, we recognized the detrimental tax impact of $27 million of non-deductible transaction costs related to our acquisition of advanced disposal. the tax rules require the capitalization of certain facilitative costs on the acquisition of stock of a company resulting in the applicable costs not being deductible for tax purposes; and
●   tax legislation - the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") was signed into law by president biden on august 16, 2022 and contains a number of tax-related provisions. the provisions of the ira related to alternative fuel tax credits secure approximately $55 million of annual pre-tax benefit (to be recorded as a reduction in our operating expense) from tax credits through 2024, which is in line with the benefit we have realized from our alternative fuel tax credits in prior years. additionally, we will incur an excise tax of 1% for future common stock repurchases, which will be reflected in the cost of purchasing the underlying shares as a component of treasury stock. the ira contains a number of additional provisions related to tax incentives for investments in renewable energy production, carbon capture, and other climate actions, as well as the overall measurement of corporate income taxes. given the complexity and uncertainty around the applicability of the legislation to our specific facts and circumstances, we continue to analyze the ira provisions to identify and quantify potential opportunities and applicable benefits included in the legislation. the current expectation is the minimum corporate tax will not have an impact on the company. with respect to only the investment tax credit aspect of the ira, we expect the cumulative benefit to be between $250 million and $350 million, a large portion of which is anticipated to be realized in 2025. additionally, the production tax credit incentives for investments in renewable energy and the carbon capture provisions of the ira will likely result in incremental benefit, although at this time the amount of those benefits have not been quantified.
landfill and environmental remediation discussion and analysis we owned or operated 254 solid waste landfills and five secure hazardous waste landfills as of december 31, 2022 and 255 solid waste landfills and five secure hazardous waste landfills as of december 31, 2021. for these landfills, the following table reflects changes in capacity, as measured in tons of waste, for the year ended december 31 and remaining airspace, measured in cubic yards of waste, as of december 31 (in millions):
remaining                                      remaining permitted       expansion          total       permitted       expansion          total capacity        capacity       capacity        capacity        capacity       capacity balance as of beginning of year (in tons)                                    4,889             174          5,063           4,891             191          5,082
acquisitions, divestitures, newly permitted landfills and closures   163                         -            163             (4)               -            (4)
expansion permits granted (b)                                        57                       (57)              -   126                     (126)              -
(a)   amounts reflected here relate to the combined impacts of (i) new expansions pursued; (ii) increases or decreases in the airspace being pursued for ongoing expansion efforts; (iii) adjustments for differences between the airspace being pursued and airspace granted and (iv) decreases due to decisions to no longer pursue expansion permits, if any.
(b)   we received expansion permits at 12 of our landfills during 2022 and seven of our landfills during 2021, demonstrating our continued success in working with municipalities and regulatory agencies to expand the disposal airspace of our existing landfills.
(c)   changes in engineering estimates can result in changes to the estimated available remaining airspace of a landfill or changes in the utilization of such landfill airspace, affecting the number of tons that can be placed in the future. estimates of the amount of waste that can be placed in the future are reviewed annually by our engineers and are based on a number of factors, including standard engineering techniques and site-specific factors such as current and
projected mix of waste type; initial and projected waste density; estimated number of years of life remaining; depth of underlying waste; anticipated access to moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill leachate and operating practices. we continually focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that may include recirculating landfill leachate where allowed by permit; optimizing the placement of daily cover materials and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations and training.
(e)   see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of converting remaining cubic yards of airspace to tons of capacity.
# of         depletable       tons per        # of       depletable         tons per sites               tons            day       sites             tons              day solid waste landfills (a)                                                                                          254   (b)      123,462            452         255          123,163              451
(c)   december 31, 2021 tons have been restated for comparability purposes by removing 1.6 million tons received at the landfill that were not depleted as they were used for beneficial purposes and generally were redirected from the permitted airspace to other areas of the landfill.
as of december 31, 2022, we owned or controlled the management of 231 sites with remedial activities, are in closure or have received a certification of closure or post-closure from the applicable regulatory agency.
based on remaining permitted airspace as of december 31, 2022 and projected annual disposal volume, the weighted average remaining landfill life for all of our owned or operated landfills is approximately 39 years. many of our landfills have the potential for expanded airspace beyond what is currently permitted. we monitor the availability of permitted airspace at each of our landfills and evaluate whether to pursue an expansion at a given landfill based on estimated future disposal volume, disposal prices, construction and operating costs, remaining airspace and likelihood of obtaining an expansion permit. we are seeking expansion permits at 16 of our landfills that meet the expansion criteria outlined in the critical accounting estimates and assumptions - landfills section below. although no assurances can be made that all future expansions will be permitted or permitted as designed, the weighted average remaining landfill life for all owned or operated landfills is approximately 40 years when considering remaining permitted airspace, expansion airspace and projected annual disposal volume.
the number of landfills owned or operated as of december 31, 2022, segregated by their estimated operating lives based on remaining permitted and expansion airspace and projected annual disposal volume, was as follows:
landfill assets - we capitalize various costs that we incur to prepare a landfill to accept waste. these costs generally include expenditures for land (including the landfill footprint and required landfill buffer property), permitting, excavation, liner material and installation, landfill leachate collection systems, landfill gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering, capitalized interest, and on-site road construction and other capital infrastructure costs. the cost basis of our landfill assets also includes estimates of future costs associated with landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities, which are discussed further below.
capital additions                                           791                                -                             791
asset retirement obligations incurred and capitalized       114                                -                             114
as of december 31, 2022, we estimate that we will spend approximately $731 million in 2023, and approximately $1.6 billion in 2024 and 2025 combined, for the construction and development of our landfill assets. the specific timing of landfill capital spending is dependent on future events and spending estimates are subject to change due to fluctuations in landfill waste volumes, changes in environmental requirements and other factors impacting landfill operations.
landfill and environmental remediation liabilities - as we accept waste at our landfills, we incur significant asset retirement obligations, which include liabilities associated with landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities. these liabilities are accounted for in accordance with authoritative guidance on accounting for asset retirement obligations and are discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. we also have liabilities for the remediation of properties that have incurred environmental damage, which generally was caused by operations or for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired operations or a site. we recognize environmental remediation liabilities when we determine that the liability is probable and the estimated cost for the likely remedy can be reasonably estimated.
the changes to landfill and environmental remediation liabilities for the year ended december 31, 2022 are reflected in the table below (in millions):
obligations incurred and capitalized                                    114                     -
acquisitions, divestitures and other adjustments                        (6)                     -
(a)   in 2021, the increase in our landfill liabilities for revisions in estimates and interest rate assumptions was $33 million. the increase in our landfill liabilities in 2022 is primarily due to inflationary cost pressures that are expected to impact costs over the remaining landfill lives.
interest accretion on landfill liabilities                                                                                  $108           $108          $103
interest accretion on and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and recovery assets            (10)            (2)             9
other landfill site costs                                                                                                    118            117            92
●   the depletion of landfill capital costs, including (i) costs that have been incurred and capitalized and (ii) estimated future costs for landfill development and construction required to develop our landfills to their remaining permitted and expansion airspace; and
●   the depletion of asset retirement costs arising from landfill final capping, closure and post-closure obligations, including (i) costs that have been incurred and capitalized and (ii) projected asset retirement costs.
depletion expense is recorded on a units-of-consumption basis, applying cost as a rate per ton. the rate per ton is calculated by dividing each component of the depletable basis of a landfill (net of accumulated depletion) by the number of tons needed to fill the corresponding asset's remaining permitted and expansion airspace. landfill capital costs and closure and post-closure asset retirement costs are generally incurred to support the operation of the landfill over its entire operating life and are, therefore, depleted on a per-ton basis using a landfill's total permitted and expansion airspace. final capping asset retirement costs are related to a specific final capping event and are, therefore, depleted on a per-ton basis using each discrete final capping event's estimated permitted and expansion airspace. accordingly, each landfill has multiple per-ton depletion rates.
different per-ton depletion rates are applied at each of our 259 landfills, and per-ton depletion rates vary significantly from one landfill to another due to (i) inconsistencies that often exist in construction costs and provincial, state and local regulatory requirements for landfill development and landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities and (ii) differences in the cost basis of landfills that we develop versus those that we acquire. accordingly, our landfill airspace depletion expense measured on a per-ton basis can fluctuate due to changes in the mix of volumes we receive across the company each year.
liquidity and capital resources the company consistently generates annual cash flow from operations that meets and exceeds our working capital needs, allows for payment of our dividends, investment in the business through capital expenditures and tuck-in acquisitions, and funding of strategic sustainability growth investments. we continually monitor our actual and forecasted cash flows, our liquidity and our capital resources, enabling us to plan for our present needs and fund unbudgeted business requirements that may arise during the year. the company believes that its investment grade credit ratings, large value of unencumbered assets and modest leverage enable it to obtain adequate financing to meet its ongoing capital, operating, strategic and other liquidity requirements.
summary of contractual obligations the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2022 (other than recorded obligations related to liabilities associated with environmental remediation costs and non-cancelable operating lease obligations, which are discussed further in notes 3 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively) and the anticipated effect of these obligations on our liquidity in future years (in millions):
final capping, closure and post-closure liabilities (a)              $137              $219              $212            $181              $147       $3,162              $4,058
estimated unconditional purchase obligations (d)                      192               158               114             101                34       369                 968
anticipated liquidity impact as of december 31, 2022               $3,203            $2,051            $1,999          $1,281            $1,641       $14,497             $24,672
(a)   includes liabilities for final capping, closure and post-closure costs recorded in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2022, without the impact of discounting and inflation. our recorded liabilities for final capping, closure and post-closure costs will increase as we continue to place additional tons within the permitted airspace at our landfills.
(b)   these amounts represent the scheduled principal payments based on their contractual maturities related to our long-term debt and financing leases, excluding interest. refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our debt obligations.
(d)   our unrecorded obligations represent purchase commitments from which we expect to realize an economic benefit in future periods. we have also made certain guarantees that we do not expect to materially affect our current or future
financial position, results of operations or liquidity. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the nature and terms of our unconditional purchase obligations and guarantees.
debt - we use long-term borrowings in addition to the cash we generate from operations as part of our overall financial strategy to support and grow our business. we primarily use senior notes and tax-exempt bonds to borrow on a long-term basis, but we also use other instruments and facilities, when appropriate. the components of our borrowings as of december 31, 2022 are described in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately $3.1 billion of debt maturing within the next 12 months, including (i) $1.7 billion of short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program (net of related discount on issuance); (ii) $725 million of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that expire within the next 12 months, which is prior to their scheduled maturities; (iii) $500 million of 2.4% senior notes that mature in may 2023 and (iv) $192 million of other debt with scheduled maturities within the next 12 months, including $65 million of tax-exempt bonds. as of december 31, 2022, we have classified $2.7 billion of debt maturing in the next 12 months as long term because we have the intent and ability to refinance these borrowings on a long-term basis as supported by the forecasted available capacity under our $3.5 billion long-term u.s. and canadian revolving credit facility ("$3.5 billion revolving credit facility"). the remaining $414 million of debt maturing in the next 12 months is classified as current obligations.
in may 2022, wmi issued $1.0 billion of 4.15% senior notes due april 15, 2032, the net proceeds of which were $992 million. we used the net proceeds to redeem our $500 million of 2.9% senior notes due september 2022 in advance of their scheduled maturity, to repay a portion of outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program and for general corporate purposes.
we have credit lines in place to support our liquidity and financial assurance needs. the following table summarizes our outstanding letters of credit, categorized by type of facility as of december 31 (in millions):
revolving credit facility (a)             $166          $167
other letter of credit lines (b)           800           764
(a)   as of december 31, 2022, we had an unused and available credit capacity of $1.6 billion.
(b)   as of december 31, 2022, these other letter of credit lines are uncommitted with terms extending through april 2024.
amendment and extension of revolving credit facility in may 2022, we amended and restated our $3.5 billion u.s. and canadian revolving credit facility extending the term through may 2027. the agreement includes a $1.0 billion accordion feature that may be used to increase total capacity in future periods, and we have the option to request up to two one-year extensions. waste management of canada corporation and wm quebec inc., each an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of wmi, are borrowers under the $3.5 billion revolving credit facility, and the agreement permits borrowing in canadian dollars up to the u.s. dollar equivalent of $375 million, with such borrowings to be repaid in canadian dollars. wm holdings, a wholly-owned subsidiary of wmi, guarantees all the obligations under the $3.5 billion revolving credit facility. refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
guarantor financial information wm holdings has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of wmi's senior indebtedness. wmi has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of wm holdings' senior indebtedness. none of wmi's other subsidiaries have guaranteed any of wmi's or wm holdings' debt. in lieu of providing separate financial statements for the subsidiary issuer and guarantor (wmi and wm holdings), we have presented the accompanying supplemental summarized combined balance sheet and income statement information for wmi and wm holdings on a combined basis after elimination of intercompany transactions between wmi and wm holdings and amounts related to investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor (in millions):
current liabilities                325
noncurrent liabilities:
other noncurrent liabilities                12,618
summary of cash flow activity the following is a summary of our cash flows for the year ended december 31 (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities       $4,536            $4,338            $3,403
net cash used in investing activities           $(3,063)          $(1,894)          $(4,847)
net cash used in financing activities           $(1,216)          $(2,900)          $(1,559)
net cash provided by operating activities - our operating cash flows for 2022, as compared with 2021, increased by $198 million. the increase was largely driven by increased earnings in our collection and disposal and wm renewable energy businesses. we also experienced lower interest payments due to timing and refinancing activities in 2021 that reduced our overall interest rate. partially offsetting our increase in cash from operating activities were higher income tax payments as a result of higher earnings in 2022 and a deposit of approximately $103 million that was made to the irs related to a disputed tax matter. the company expects to seek a refund of the entire amount deposited with the irs and litigate any denial of the claim for refund. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further details.
our operating cash flows for 2021, as compared with 2020, increased by $935 million largely as a result of (i) an increase in earnings primarily attributable to our collection, disposal and recycling lines of business; (ii) our acquisition of advanced disposal; (iii) lower interest payments in 2021 primarily due to certain refinancing activities and the retirement of high-coupon debt during 2020 reducing our overall interest rates; (iv) lower income taxes paid in 2021 and (v) favorable changes in our working capital, net of effects of acquisitions and divestitures. our working capital was favorably impacted by process improvements that contributed to a significant improvement in our days-to-collect metrics. these favorable impacts were partially offset by the timing of cash tax benefits received in 2020 associated with federal alternative fuel tax credits.
net cash used in investing activities - the most significant items affecting the comparison of our investing cash flows for the periods presented are summarized below:
●   acquisitions - our spending on acquisitions was $377 million, $76 million and $4,088 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which $377 million, $75 million and $4,085 million, respectively, are considered cash used in investing activities. the remaining spend is financing or operating activities related to the timing of contingent consideration paid. substantially all of these acquisitions are related to our solid waste business.
our acquisition spending in 2022 was primarily attributable to the purchase of a controlling interest in a business intended to accelerate our film and plastic wrap recycling capabilities. our acquisition spending in 2020 was primarily attributable to advanced disposal. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. we continue to focus on accretive acquisitions and growth opportunities that will enhance and expand our existing service offerings.
●   capital expenditures - we used $2,587 million, $1,904 million and $1,632 million for capital expenditures in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase in 2022 is primarily driven by our intentional investment in growth capital spending on recycling and renewable energy projects, as well as timing differences in our fixed asset purchases to support our ongoing operations. the increase in 2021 is due in part to intentional steps the company took to accelerate growth capital spending on recycling and renewable energy projects. additionally, in 2020 we took proactive steps to reduce the amount of capital spending required due to the decrease in volumes as a result of covid-19.
the company continues to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management to prioritize investments for expansion, the replacement of aging assets and assets that support our strategy of continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation. in addition, we continue to make progress on our planned investments to expand our renewable energy and recycling businesses. we expect to spend between $2.0 billion and $2.1 billion on capital expenditures to support our normal course business in 2023. additionally, we expect to spend approximately $1.1 billion on capital expenditures for recycling and renewable energy growth projects in 2023.
●   proceeds from divestitures - proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets, net of cash divested, were $27 million, $96 million and $885 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. in 2021, our proceeds are primarily the result of the sale of certain non-strategic canadian operations. in 2020, our proceeds included
$856 million related to the sale of assets required to be sold by the u.s. department of justice in connection with our acquisition of advanced disposal. the remaining amounts in 2022, 2021 and 2020 generally related to the sale of fixed assets.
●   other, net - our spending within other, net was $126 million, $11 million, and $15 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. during 2022, 2021 and 2020, we used $23 million, $32 million and $14 million, respectively, of cash from restricted cash and cash equivalents to invest in available-for-sale securities. in 2022, we used $67 million to fund secured convertible promissory notes associated with an acquisition and $28 million to make an initial cash payment associated with a low-income housing investment. our 2021 cash spend was partially offset by proceeds received from the sale of an equity method investment.
net cash used in financing activities - the most significant items affecting the comparison of our financing cash flows for the periods presented are summarized below:
revolving credit facility                   $-                   $-                   $50
364-day revolving credit facility (b)                    -              -                      3,000
revolving credit facility                   $-                   $-                   $(50)
364-day revolving credit facility (b)                    -              -                    (3,000)
(a)   commercial paper borrowings incurred in 2022 and 2021 were primarily to support acquisitions and general corporate purposes. commercial paper borrowings incurred in 2020 were used for the redemption of the smr notes and to partially fund our acquisition of advanced disposal.
(b)   in november 2020, we terminated our 364-day revolving facility contemporaneously with repayment of all outstanding borrowings with proceeds from our november 2020 senior notes issuance.
refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our debt borrowings and repayments.
●   premiums and other paid on early extinguishment of debt - during 2021, we paid premiums and other third-party costs of $211 million to retire certain high-coupon notes as discussed further in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. during 2020, we paid premiums of $30 million to redeem $3.0 billion of senior notes that contained a special mandatory redemption feature tied to the timing of the advanced disposal acquisition closing. see loss on early extinguishment of debt, net for further discussion.
●   common stock repurchase program - for the periods presented, all share repurchases have been made in accordance with financial plans approved by our board of directors. we allocated $1,500 million, $1,350 million and $402 million of available cash to common stock repurchases during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we announced in december 2022 that the board of directors has authorized up to $1.5 billion in future share repurchases. any future share repurchases will be made at the discretion of management and will depend on factors similar to those considered by the board of directors in making dividend declarations and listed below, as well as market conditions.
in december 2022, we announced that our board of directors expects to increase the quarterly dividend from $0.65 to $0.70 per share for dividends declared in 2023. however, all future dividend declarations are at the discretion of the board of directors and depend on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash required for future business plans, growth and acquisitions and other factors the board of directors may deem relevant.
free cash flow we are presenting free cash flow, which is a non-gaap measure of liquidity, in our disclosures because we use this measure in the evaluation and management of our business. we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets, net of cash divested. we believe it is indicative of our ability to pay our quarterly dividends, repurchase common stock, fund acquisitions and other investments and, in the absence of refinancings, to repay our debt obligations. free cash flow is not intended to replace net cash provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable gaap measure. we believe free cash flow gives investors useful insight into how we view our liquidity, but the use of free cash flow as a liquidity measure has material limitations because it excludes certain expenditures that are required or that we have committed to, such as declared dividend payments and debt service requirements.
our calculation of free cash flow and reconciliation to net cash provided by operating activities is shown in the table below for the year ended december 31 (in millions), and may not be calculated the same as similarly-titled measures presented by other companies:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                    $4,536              $4,338              $3,403
capital expenditures to support the business                                                (2,026)             (1,665)             (1,606)
capital expenditures - sustainability growth investments (a)                                  (561)               (239)                (26)
total capital expenditures                                                                  (2,587)             (1,904)             (1,632)
proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets, net of cash divested                  27                  96                 885
(a)   these growth investments are intended to further our sustainability leadership position by increasing recycling volumes and growing renewable natural gas generation. we expect they will deliver circular solutions for our customers and drive environmental value to the communities we serve.
critical accounting estimates and assumptions in preparing our financial statements, we make numerous estimates and assumptions that affect the accounting for and recognition and disclosure of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses. we must make these estimates and
assumptions because certain information that we use is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with precision from available data or simply cannot be calculated. in some cases, these estimates are difficult to determine, and we must exercise significant judgment. in preparing our financial statements, the most difficult, subjective and complex estimates and the assumptions that present the greatest amount of uncertainty relate to our accounting for landfills, environmental remediation liabilities, long-lived asset impairments, intangible asset impairments and the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations. each of these items is discussed in additional detail below and in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. actual results could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use in the preparation of our financial statements.
landfills accounting for landfills requires that significant estimates and assumptions be made regarding (i) the cost to construct and develop each landfill asset; (ii) the estimated fair value of final capping, closure and post-closure asset retirement obligations, which must consider both the expected cost and timing of these activities and (iii) the determination of each landfill's remaining permitted and expansion airspace.
landfill costs - we estimate the total cost to develop each of our landfill sites to its remaining permitted and expansion airspace. this estimate includes such costs as landfill liner material and installation, excavation for airspace, landfill leachate collection systems, landfill gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering, capitalized interest, on-site road construction and other capital infrastructure costs. additionally, landfill development includes all land purchases for the landfill footprint and landfill buffer property. the projection of these landfill costs is dependent, in part, on future events. the remaining depletable basis of each landfill includes costs to develop a site to its remaining permitted and expansion airspace and includes amounts previously expended and capitalized, net of accumulated airspace depletion, and projections of future purchase and development costs.
final capping costs - we estimate the cost for each final capping event based on the area to be capped and the capping materials and activities required. the estimates also consider when these costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates. our engineering personnel allocate landfill final capping costs to specific final capping events and the capping costs are depleted as waste is disposed of at the landfill. we review these costs annually, or more often if significant facts change. changes in estimates, such as timing or cost of construction, for final capping events immediately impact the required liability and the corresponding asset. when the change in estimate relates to a fully consumed landfill, the adjustment to the asset must be depleted immediately through expense. when the change in estimate relates to a final capping event at a landfill with remaining airspace, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of landfill airspace depletion.
closure and post-closure costs - we base our estimates for closure and post-closure costs on our interpretations of permit and regulatory requirements for closure and post-closure monitoring and maintenance. the estimates for landfill closure and post-closure costs also consider when the costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates. the possibility of changing legal and regulatory requirements and the forward-looking nature of these types of costs make any estimation or assumption less certain. changes in estimates for closure and post-closure events immediately impact the required liability and the corresponding asset. when the change in estimate relates to a fully consumed landfill, the adjustment to the asset must be depleted immediately through expense. when the change in estimate relates to a landfill with remaining airspace, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of landfill airspace depletion.
remaining permitted airspace - our engineers, in consultation with third-party engineering consultants and surveyors, are responsible for determining remaining permitted airspace at our landfills. the remaining permitted airspace is determined by an annual survey, which is used to compare the existing landfill topography to the expected final landfill topography.
expansion airspace - we also include currently unpermitted expansion airspace in our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace in certain circumstances. first, for unpermitted airspace to be initially included in our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, we must believe that obtaining the expansion permit is likely.
second, we must generally expect the initial expansion permit application to be submitted within one year and the final expansion permit to be received within five years, in addition to meeting the following criteria:
●   there are no significant known technical, legal, community, business, or political restrictions or similar issues that could negatively affect the success of such expansion; and
●   financial analysis has been completed based on conceptual design, and the results demonstrate that the expansion meets company criteria for investment.
these criteria are evaluated by our field-based engineers, accountants, managers and others to identify potential obstacles to obtaining the permits. once the unpermitted airspace is included, our policy provides that airspace may continue to be included in remaining permitted and expansion airspace even if certain of these criteria are no longer met as long as we continue to believe we will ultimately obtain the permit, based on the facts and circumstances of a specific landfill. in these circumstances, continued inclusion must be approved through a landfill-specific review process that includes approval by our chief financial officer on a quarterly basis.
when we include the expansion airspace in our calculations of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, we also include the projected costs for development, as well as the projected asset retirement costs related to final capping, closure and post-closure of the expansion in the depletable basis of the landfill.
once the remaining permitted and expansion airspace is determined in cubic yards, an airspace utilization factor ("auf") is established to calculate the remaining permitted and expansion capacity in tons. the auf is established using the measured density obtained from previous annual surveys and is then adjusted to account for future settlement. the amount of settlement that is forecasted will consider several site-specific factors including current and projected mix of waste type, initial and projected waste density, estimated number of years of life remaining, depth of underlying waste, anticipated access to moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill leachate and operating practices. in addition, the initial selection of the auf is subject to a subsequent multi-level review by our engineering group and the auf used is reviewed on a periodic basis and revised as necessary. our historical experience generally indicates that the impact of settlement at a landfill is greater later in the life of the landfill when the waste placed at the landfill approaches its highest point under the permit requirements.
after determining the costs and remaining permitted and expansion capacity at each of our landfills, we determine the per ton rates that will be expensed as waste is received and deposited at the landfill by dividing the costs by the corresponding number of tons. we calculate per ton depletion rates for each landfill for assets associated with each final capping event, for assets related to closure and post-closure activities and for all other costs capitalized or to be capitalized in the future. these rates per ton are updated annually, or more often, as significant facts change.
it is possible that actual results, including the amount of costs incurred, the timing of final capping, closure and post-closure activities, our airspace utilization or the success of our expansion efforts could ultimately turn out to be significantly different from our estimates and assumptions. to the extent that such estimates, or related assumptions, prove to be significantly different than actual results, lower earnings may be experienced due to higher depletion rates or higher expenses; or higher earnings may result if the opposite occurs. most significantly, if it is determined that expansion capacity should no longer be considered in calculating the recoverability of a landfill asset, we may be required to recognize an asset impairment or incur significantly higher depletion expense. if at any time management makes the decision to abandon the expansion effort, the capitalized costs related to the expansion effort are expensed immediately.
environmental remediation liabilities a significant portion of our operating costs and capital expenditures could be characterized as costs of environmental protection. the nature of our operations, particularly with respect to the construction, operation and maintenance of our landfills subjects us to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. under current laws
and regulations, we may have liabilities for environmental damage caused by our operations, or for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired a site. in addition to remediation activity required by state or local authorities, such liabilities include potentially responsible party ("prp") investigations. the costs associated with these liabilities can include settlements, certain legal and consultant fees, as well as incremental internal and external costs directly associated with site investigation and clean up.
where it is probable that a liability has been incurred, we estimate costs required to remediate sites based on site-specific facts and circumstances. we routinely review and evaluate sites that require remediation and determine our estimated cost for the likely remedy based on a number of estimates and assumptions. next, we review the same type of information with respect to other named and unnamed prps. estimates of the costs for the likely remedy are then either developed using our internal resources or by third-party environmental engineers or other service providers. internally developed estimates are based on:
●   management's judgment and experience in remediating our own and unrelated parties' sites;
●   the number, financial resources and relative degree of responsibility of other prps who may be liable for remediation of a specific site; and
fair value of nonfinancial assets and liabilities significant estimates are made in determining the fair value of long-lived tangible and intangible assets (i.e., property and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill) during the impairment evaluation process. in addition, the majority of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are required to be recognized at fair value under the relevant accounting guidance.
fair value is computed using several factors, including projected future operating results, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, comparable marketplace data and the cost of capital. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and to our judgment in applying them in our analysis. however, we believe our methodology for estimating the fair value of our reporting units is reasonable.
property and equipment, including landfills and definite-lived intangible assets - we monitor the carrying value of our long-lived assets for potential impairment on an ongoing basis and test the recoverability of such assets generally using significant unobservable ("level 3") inputs whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. these events or changes in circumstances, including management decisions pertaining to such assets, are referred to as impairment indicators. if an impairment indicator occurs, we perform a test of recoverability by comparing the carrying value of the asset or asset group to its undiscounted expected future cash flows. if cash flows cannot be separately and independently identified for a single asset, we will determine whether an impairment has occurred for the group of assets for which we can identify the projected cash flows. if the carrying values are in excess of undiscounted expected future cash flows, we measure any impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset or asset group to its carrying value and the difference is recorded in the period that the impairment indicator occurs. fair value is generally determined by considering (i) internally developed discounted projected cash flow analysis of the asset or asset group; (ii) actual third-party valuations and/or (iii) information available regarding the current market for similar assets. estimating future cash flows requires significant judgment and projections may vary from the cash flows eventually realized, which could impact our ability to accurately assess whether an asset has been impaired.
the assessment of impairment indicators and the recoverability of our capitalized costs associated with landfills and related expansion projects require significant judgment due to the unique nature of the waste industry, the highly regulated permitting process and the sensitive estimates involved. during the review of a landfill expansion application, a regulator may initially deny the expansion application although the expansion permit is ultimately granted. in addition, management may periodically divert waste from one landfill to another to conserve remaining permitted landfill airspace, or a landfill may be required to cease accepting waste, prior to receipt of the expansion permit. however, such events occur in the ordinary course of business in the waste industry and do not necessarily result in impairment of our landfill assets because,
after consideration of all facts, such events may not affect our belief that we will ultimately obtain the expansion permit. as a result, our tests of recoverability, which generally make use of a probability-weighted cash flow estimation approach, may indicate that no impairment loss should be recorded.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill - at least annually using a measurement date of october 1, and more frequently if warranted, we assess the indefinite-lived intangible assets including the goodwill of our reporting units for impairment using level 3 inputs.
we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if the assessment indicates a possible impairment, we complete a quantitative review, comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. an impairment charge is recognized if the asset's estimated fair value was less than its carrying amount. fair value is typically estimated using an income approach using level 3 inputs. however, when appropriate, we may also use a market approach. the income approach is based on the long-term projected future cash flows of the reporting units. we discount the estimated cash flows to present value using a weighted average cost of capital that considers factors such as market assumptions, the timing of the cash flows and the risks inherent in those cash flows. we believe that this approach is appropriate because it provides a fair value estimate based upon the reporting units' expected long-term performance considering the economic and market conditions that generally affect our business. the market approach estimates fair value by measuring the aggregate market value of publicly-traded companies with similar characteristics to our business as a multiple of their reported earnings. we then apply that multiple to the reporting units' earnings to estimate their fair values. we believe that this approach may also be appropriate in certain circumstances because it provides a fair value estimate using valuation inputs from entities with operations and economic characteristics comparable to our reporting units.
acquisitions - in accordance with the purchase method of accounting, the purchase price paid for an acquisition is allocated to the assets and liabilities acquired based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired recorded as goodwill. when we are in the process of valuing all of the assets and liabilities acquired in an acquisition, there can be subsequent adjustments to our estimates of fair value and resulting preliminary purchase price allocation. generally, the valuation of our acquired asset and liabilities rely on complex estimates and assumptions.
acquisition-date fair value estimates are revised as necessary if, and when, additional information regarding these contingencies becomes available to further define and quantify assets acquired and liabilities assumed. subsequent to finalization of purchase accounting, these revisions are accounted for as adjustments to income from operations. all acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our acquisitions, including our 2020 acquisition of advanced disposal.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net.
inflation macroeconomic pressures, including inflation and market disruption resulting in labor, supply chain and transportation constraints are continuing. significant global supply chain disruption and the heightened pace of inflation has reduced availability and increased costs for the goods and services we purchase, with a particular impact on our repair and maintenance costs. supply chain constraints have also caused delayed delivery of fleet, steel containers and other purchases. aspects of our business rely on third-party transportation providers, and such services have become more limited and expensive. our overall strategic pricing efforts are focused on recovering as much of the inflationary cost increases we experience in our business as possible by increasing our average unit rate, but such efforts may not be successful for various reasons including the pace of inflation, operating cost inefficiencies, contractual limitations, and market responses. throughout 2022, many of these contract lookback provisions began to capture the inflationary cost increases experienced since the second half of 2021 in the price escalation calculation; however, such timing lag persists and will continue to restrict our ability to address proactively future rapid cost increases for those contracts. refer to item 1a. risk factors for further discussion.