The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting significant industry transitions. Our ability to design and introduce new products includes the use of third-party intellectual property. We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components to support our business and products. Our business depends on the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems. We rely upon a number of internal business processes and information systems to support key business functions, and the efficient operation of these processes and systems is critical to our business. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyberattacks, insider threat attacks, unauthorized system or data modifications, data breaches and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm and disruption or damage to our business. Our business relies on technology hardware, software, cloud services, infrastructure, networks and systems. Maintaining the availability, integrity and security of our IT systems and confidential data is critical to our business and reputation. Our IT systems and confidential data are vulnerable to a range of cybersecurity risks and threats, including malicious code that is added to widely available open-source software, compromised commercial software or security vulnerabilities in our products or systems. We may encounter difficulties in operating our newly upgraded enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which could materially adversely affect us. Our newly upgraded ERP system may not operate as we expect it to and may cause disruption to our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We continuously work on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and standardization efforts. We expect that competition will continue to be intense due to rapid technological changes, frequent product introductions by our competitors or new competitors of products that may provide better performance or experience or that may include additional features that render our products comparatively less competitive. Our ability to manage the risks related to the use of our third-party distributors and AIB partners or offer appropriate incentives to focus them on the sale of our products could be materially adversely affected. Our products may not be fully compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware. If our customers are unable to achieve compatibility with software or hardware, we could be materially adversely affected. The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and delivering the latest and best products to market on a timely basis is critical to achieving revenue growth. We believe that the main factors that determine our product competitiveness are total cost of ownership, timely product introductions, product quality, product features and capabilities, energy efficiency relating to power consumption and battery life, reliability, processor clock speed, performance, size, selling price, adherence to industry standards, level of integration, software and hardware compatibility, ease of use and functionality of software design tools, completeness of applicable software solutions, security and stability, brand recognition and availability. Our ability to forecast demand is further complicated when our products are sold indirectly through downstream channel distributors and customers. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks.