Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products, or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful, and may result in unanticipated costs, delays or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions. A breakdown of our information technology systems, cyberattack or information security breach could significantly compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems, network-connected control systems and/or our data, interrupt the operation of our business and/or affect our reputation. Our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R&D efforts, our clinical and commercial manufacturing processes and our product sales and distribution processes. Further, as the majority of our employees work remotely for some portion of their jobs in our hybrid work environment, our reliance on our and third-party information technology systems has increased substantially and is expected to continue to increase. Remote and hybrid working arrangements can increase cybersecurity risks due to the challenges associated with managing remote computing assets and security vulnerabilities present in many non-corporate and home networks. The complexity and interconnected nature of software, hardware and our systems make them vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions, and to software errors or defects, misconfiguration and other security vulnerabilities. Upgrades or changes to our systems or the software that we use have resulted and we expect, in the future, will result in the introduction of new cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Our systems also contain and use a high volume of sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets and other proprietary business information, financial information, regulatory information, strategic plans, sales trends and forecasts, litigation materials and/or personal identifiable information belonging to us, our staff, our patients, customers and/or other parties. In some cases, we utilize third-party service providers to collect, process, store, manage or transmit such data, which have increased our risk. Intentional or inadvertent data privacy or security breaches resulting from attacks or lapses by employees, service providers, business partners, nation states, organized crime organizations, or others create risks that our sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons. Cyberattackers are also increasingly exploiting vulnerabilities in commercially available software from shared or open-source code. We rely on third-party commercial software that have had and may have such vulnerabilities, but as use of open-source code is frequently not disclosed, our ability to fully assess this risk to our systems is limited. Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our environmental, social and governance objectives. We continue to work towards operating our business in an environmentally responsible and socially inclusive manner. Stakeholders, including our investors and our employees, have increasingly focused on, and are expected to continue to focus on, our ESG practices. Our ESG goals require long-term investments and broad, coordinated activity, and we may be required to incur additional costs or allocate additional resources towards monitoring, reporting and implementing our ESG programs. The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. Many of our operations and facilities are in locations that are subject to natural disasters, which may result in a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. Our suppliers, vendors and business partners also face similar risks, and any disruption to their operations could have an adverse effect on our supply and manufacturing chain. We have invested considerable time, energy and resources into developing our expertise in human genetics, acquiring access to libraries of genetic information, and are applying artificial intelligence to our R&D activities, including applying such technologies to advance our human data efforts and our generative biology platform that seek to discover and design new drugs.