The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and infrastructure, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. Our technology and infrastructure investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users' experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We are investing in AWS, which offers a broad set of on-demand technology services, including compute, storage, database, analytics, and machine learning, and other services to developers and enterprises of all sizes. Our technology and infrastructure costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers' demands is critical. The introduction of competitive stores, websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements, and the extent to which we finance, and the terms of any such financing for, our current operations and future growth, are also significant factors. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers; failures to adequately predict customer demand and consumer spending patterns or otherwise optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers successfully from time to time result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or data center capacity, service interruptions, increased costs, and impairment charges, any of which could materially harm our business. We also face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy, as we experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us from efficiently accepting or fulfilling orders or providing services to customers and third parties. Our reliance on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers may limit our operational flexibility. We face risks related to adequately protecting our intellectual property rights and being accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, which could result in significant financial and managerial resource expenditures. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure, which may impact our ability to compete effectively. The variability in our retail business places increased strain on our operations, as demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth.