Our ability to respond to and keep up with the rapid pace of technological and market changes is critical. We are dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure for the operation of our business. The implementation of new information technology, payment, enterprise resource planning, or other systems is disruptive and costly and may not be successful, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are conducting a multi-year phased migration to integrate and upgrade certain systems and processes. Our marketing efficiency, expressed as marketing expense as a percentage of revenues, is impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and are in some cases outside of our control, including average daily rates, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological or other market changes. Our ability to achieve our long-term strategy to build the connected trip will require increased financial and personnel investments that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments. Our efforts to protect information from unauthorized access may also result in the rejection of legitimate attempts to book reservations through our services, which could result in lost business. We are also subject to payment card association rules and obligations under our contracts with the card schemes and our payment card processors, and indirectly to the rules of payment systems in respect of credit transfers. We face risks related to the growth of our alternative accommodations business, which may have additional costs to be offered on our platforms. Our investments in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. We rely on various third-party distribution channels to distribute accommodation, rental car, and airline ticket reservations. Our arrangements with travel service providers generally do not require them to make available any specific quantity of reservations, or to make reservations available in any geographic area. We face risks related to our operational and technological infrastructures. Our current and planned employees and outsourced resources, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage growth and increased complexity, or could result in actual or perceived disruption of our service or customer support. We have experienced targeted and organized malware, phishing, and account takeover attacks, and may in the future experience these and other forms of attack such as ransomware. Our existing security measures may not be successful in preventing attacks on our systems. We rely on the performance of highly skilled employees; if we are unable to retain or motivate key employees or hire, retain, and motivate well-qualified employees, our business would be harmed. We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses or combine internal businesses. The integration of acquired businesses requires significant time and resources, and we may not manage these processes successfully. Our business relies on a global supply chain of third-party service providers and we are exposed to risks because we rely on the resilience, security, and legal compliance of their products and services. We are also subject to various competition/anti-trust, consumer protection, and online commerce laws and regulations around the world, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business by legislators and regulators in these areas may intensify.