We rely on information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) systems, including technology from third-party vendors, to manufacture and ship our products, as well as to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our IT systems make them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Various factors may cause system failures or security breaches, including power outages, natural disasters, inadequate or ineffective backups, issues with upgrading or creating new systems or platforms, vulnerabilities in third-party software or services, errors by our staff or third-party service providers, or breaches in the security of these technologies. Malicious actors may attempt to trick staff to disclose information to gain access to our systems and/or data. Cyber-attacks continue to evolve in complexity and scope, and inherently may be difficult to detect. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information, and changing customer patterns. We also grow our company through acquisitions and may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in their acquired systems as we work to integrate the acquisitions into our IT system. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. Digital technologies, including artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning capabilities, have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, research and development pipeline, and product portfolio. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competences in order to remain competitive. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems, and finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant management time. Our failure to manage these challenges successfully and coordinate the growth of such businesses or other investments could have an adverse impact on our business and our future growth. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Developments by other companies of products and/or services, processes, or technologies may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive and may negatively impact our net sales. It is necessary for us to devote continued efforts and financial resources to the development or acquisition of scientifically advanced technologies and products. If we fail to develop or acquire new products or enhance existing products, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services, and may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations.