Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. The development and use of artificial intelligence (AI) present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. A failure to protect our computer systems, networks and information, and our clients' information, against cyber attacks and similar threats could impair our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. We face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearinghouses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions, and as our interconnectivity with our clients grows, we increasingly face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay with respect to our clients' systems. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to pursue our objective of ensuring that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. Our operational risk management framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. Our cybersecurity risk management processes are integrated into our overall risk management processes. We have established an information security and cybersecurity program, administered by technology risk within engineering, and overseen by our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). This program is designed to identify, assess, document and mitigate threats, establish and evaluate compliance with information security mandates, adopt and apply our security control framework, and prevent, detect and respond to security incidents. We utilize credit underwriting models in connection with our businesses, including our consumer-oriented activities. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. Our risk management framework employs a comprehensive, integrated approach to risk management and is designed to enable comprehensive risk management processes through which we identify, assess, monitor and manage the risks we assume in conducting our activities. We seek to maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. Our operational risk management framework includes a comprehensive data collection process, as well as firmwide policies and procedures, for operational risk events. We have established policies that require all employees and consultants to report and escalate operational risk events. The use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. Our businesses ultimately rely on people as our greatest resource, and, from time to time, they have in the past and may in the future make mistakes or engage in violations of applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures that are not always caught immediately by our technological processes or by our controls and other procedures, which are intended to prevent and detect such errors or violations.