Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options, and costs depends on many factors, including leveraging the momentum of our investments in our supply chain and our interconnected retail capabilities to further enhance the customer shopping experience. We must continually anticipate and adapt to changes in the shopping and purchasing process by continuing to adjust and enhance the online and in-store customer experience as well as our delivery options. The coordinated operation of our network of physical stores, distribution facilities, and online platforms is fundamental to the success of our interconnected strategy. We rely extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, use, retain, manage, transmit, and protect transactions and data. Our information technology systems, applications, and processes must operate effectively, and we or our service providers must maintain and update them. We are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems, infrastructure, and personnel, which involve replacing existing systems with successor systems, outsourcing certain technology and business processes, and making changes to existing systems. These investments are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers and create the fastest, most efficient, and most reliable delivery network for home improvement products. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital properties to provide a personalized, user-friendly interface for our customers. Our investments to enhance our interconnected shopping experience, including investments in our store base, supply chain, and capabilities, might not provide the anticipated benefits or might take longer than expected to complete, integrate, or realize anticipated benefits. We face an increased risk due to the potential failure of internal or external information technology infrastructure as well as increased cybersecurity threats and attempts to breach our security networks. Any significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, could result in significant costs, including costs to investigate and remediate, as well as lost sales, fines, lawsuits, regulatory investigations, and damage to our reputation. Our ability to collect and use customer data is important to effectively meet their expectations, and this ability is subject to external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and data-driven technologies. We must effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of our investments, projects, and changes. Failure to continue to make investments to effectively support our strategy and to implement or integrate those investments in the right manner and at the right pace could adversely impact our business operations or financial results. Our strategic transactions involve risks, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, and if these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could potentially disrupt our business. The retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, with a significant increase in sales initiated online and via mobile applications in recent years. We may not be successful at managing this increased volume and related delivery options without interruption in the future.