Our information technology systems are critical to the success of our products, help us operate effectively and efficiently, interface with customers, maintain our supply chain and manufacturing operations, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and help us produce our consolidated financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of existing customers, difficulty attracting new customers, business operation disruptions, diversion of the attention of management and key information technology resources, security breaches, or the unauthorized access to, loss of, or damage to intellectual property, confidential information, or personal information. Our information technology systems and those of our third-party service providers, strategic partners, and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to attack, damage, or interruption from a variety of sources. The risk of a security breach or a disruption has generally increased in number, intensity, and sophistication. If our information technology systems, or those of our critical third-party vendors, do not effectively and securely collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. We utilize various controls, systems, and processes intended to secure our information technology systems and the information on it. However, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Our reliance on sole- and single-sourced suppliers and ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient supply of materials could harm our ability to meet product demand in a timely manner or within budget. An information technology systems interruption, including cyberattacks, could adversely affect the ordering, distribution, and manufacturing processes of our suppliers. Difficulties remain in obtaining a sufficient supply of semiconductor and other component materials, and we expect such difficulties to persist in the foreseeable future. Prices of such materials have also increased, and global supply has become constrained due to the increased demand for materials, including semiconductors, to support expansion of server and cloud networks. We engage in activities to seek to mitigate such supply disruptions by, for example, increasing our communications with our suppliers and modifying our purchase order coverage and inventory levels. Our products must meet the requirements of a large and growing body of international standards that govern the product safety, efficacy, advertising, labeling, safety reporting design, manufacture, materials content and sourcing, testing, certification, packaging, installation, use, and disposal of our products. Compliance with multiple regulatory standards is complex, difficult, and costly to maintain, and material deficiencies could result in significant limitations on our ability to manufacture, transport, and sell our products in one or more countries. Our ability to realize the deferred tax assets could be reduced in the future if our estimates of future forecasted income do not support the realization of our deferred tax assets. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit. If we determine that a tax position will more likely than not be sustained on audit, then the second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement.