Throughout 2023, the company faced disruptions to operations due to international conflicts, resulting in increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to our information systems. We rely on networks and information systems to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, employee processes, consumer marketing, mergers and acquisitions, and research and development. Cybersecurity incidents could result in unauthorized access to or disclosure of material confidential information or regulated personal data, which may negatively impact net operating revenues. The digital evolution is affecting how we interact with consumers, customers, suppliers, bottlers, and other business partners and stakeholders. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to adapt to and thrive in the digital environment, including creating more relevant and personalized experiences and digitalizing operations through the use of data, artificial intelligence, automation, robotics, and digital devices to increase efficiency and productivity. We continuously search for productivity opportunities in our business, and improved productivity is essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives. Our ability to maintain or gain share of sales in the global market may be limited as a result of actions by competitors, and competitive pressures may cause the company and our bottling partners to reduce prices or restrict our ability to increase prices. The rapid growth of e-commerce may create additional consumer price deflation, facilitating comparison shopping and potentially threatening the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies. Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in emerging and developing markets, which relies on local availability of talented management and employees to establish and manage operations. The company is committed to building an equitable and inclusive culture that supports the growth of our employees and aligns with our sustainability goals. We have established and publicly announced sustainability goals and aspirations, and our ability to achieve these goals is dependent on the actions of our bottling partners, suppliers, and other third parties. We believe our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of beverage options to meet their desires, needs, and lifestyles. The company is focused on developing a robust innovation pipeline and increasing consumer-centric marketing effectiveness and efficiency. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks, including the need to strengthen capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain consumer interest, brand loyalty, and market share while strategically expanding into other profitable categories. Our digital transformation initiatives are crucial for enhancing operational efficiency and ensuring our products meet evolving consumer preferences. The company’s reliance on third-party service providers and business partners for certain services in support of key portions of our operations increases our financial, legal, cybersecurity, reputational, and operational risk. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, our financial results could suffer. The company continues to make investments in personnel, technologies, and training to address risks to our information systems, and we have established a third-party risk management program to address security risks.