We are a global security and aerospace company principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products, and services. Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the current needs of our customers and the future requirements of 21st-century security. Key to enabling the success of our strategy is developing differentiating technologies, forging strategic partnerships, including with commercial companies, and executing on our multi-year business transformation initiative to enhance our digital infrastructure and increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business. Our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly, identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture innovative products and services efficiently, and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. This includes efforts to provide mission solutions that integrate capabilities and resources across all forces and domains, which we refer to as joint all-domain operations, and to implement emerging digital and network technologies and capabilities. Our ability to capture and retain future growth in development, production, and sustainment is dependent on the success of our efforts to achieve sustainment performance, customer affordability, supply chain improvements, continued reliability improvements, and other efficiencies, some of which are outside our control. We face a multitude of security threats, including cybersecurity threats ranging from attacks common to most industries to attacks from more advanced and persistent adversaries, including nation-state actors, which target the defense industrial base and other critical infrastructure sectors. The sophistication of the threats continues to evolve and grow, including the risk associated with the use of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and quantum computing, for nefarious purposes. Our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly, and our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies, products, and services and efficiently produce and deliver existing products. We invest substantially in our people to ensure that our workforce has the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally in innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. We also must comply with specific procurement requirements that can limit the number of eligible suppliers, and a significant number of the components or supplies used are currently single or sole sourced. Our business is affected by geopolitical issues, and we continue to work with the U.S. government and our supply chain to evaluate increases in capacity at certain of our operations to anticipate potential demand and enable us to deliver critical capabilities. Our digital transformation effort requires substantial investment, and if we are unable to successfully implement the strategy or do so in a timely manner, our results of operations and future competitiveness may be adversely affected. We remain committed to our ongoing efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the cost competitiveness and affordability of our products and services, which may, in part, offset cost increases from inflation. Our multi-year business transformation initiative seeks to significantly enhance our digital infrastructure to increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business while reducing costs.