Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change such as AI. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business. As a result, our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource-efficient manner, particularly as our business processes become more digital. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies as part of our growth strategy, as well as investments in technology, including generative AI, and infrastructure to support our own systems. These investments may be costly and require significant capital expenditures, may not be profitable or may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically. In addition, investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and expertise of our colleagues, our geographic reach, the sophistication and quality of our services, our pricing relative to competitors, our clients' ability to self-insure or use internal resources instead of consultants, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. The competition for talent continues to accelerate. We face numerous challenges in this regard, including the intense competition for talent, which has accelerated in recent years. Such challenges include the increased mobility of colleagues in light of more flexible working models, market dislocation resulting from proposed and actual combinations in the industry, raids by competitors, and fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace. Our information technology systems and information security control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, as well as the control systems of critical infrastructure they rely on, such as power grids, are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage, or interruption from a variety of external threats, including software bugs, physical attack, cyberattacks, computer viruses, and other malware. Cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature. We are at risk of attack by a variety of adversaries, including nation-states, state-sponsored organizations, organized crime, and hackers, through the use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack. The techniques used to achieve such unauthorized access, damage, or interruption change frequently, and new techniques may not be identified until they are launched against a target, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative or remedial measures. Our business operations depend on the efficient, uninterrupted, and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit, and store electronic information. We rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. These vendors and third parties may act or fail to act in ways that could harm our business. The process of integrating the information systems of any businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. If we do not keep up with technological changes or execute effectively on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.