nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure is required in a highly regulated industry. if either nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised, and they could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging due to the size, scope, complexity, and geographical reach of their business. operational failure or capacity constraints associated with the information systems of third parties, including those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services, could also negatively impact their operations. nee and fpl add, modify, and replace information systems on a regular basis, and modifying existing systems or implementing new or replacement systems involves risks, including integrating the modified, new, or replacement system with existing systems and processes. disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources. the companies face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals, and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities. the ability to proceed with projects under development and to complete construction of facilities on schedule and within budget may be adversely affected by escalating costs for materials and labor and regulatory compliance, inability to obtain or renew necessary licenses, rights-of-way, permits, or other approvals on acceptable terms or on schedule. the regulatory process limits or could adversely impact fpl's earnings, and any inability or failure to address the effects of regulation on their business could have a material adverse effect on their financial condition and results of operations. nee and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they are unable to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs or a reasonable return on invested capital through base rates, cost recovery clauses, or other regulatory mechanisms. the companies are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates, and equity prices, and they use derivative instruments to manage these risks. the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in increased costs, and geopolitical factors, terrorist acts, cyberattacks, or other similar events affecting their systems and facilities could materially adversely affect their businesses. the companies' retail businesses require access to sensitive customer data, and a significant breach could materially adversely affect their reputation and customer confidence. overall, the management of information technology capabilities and the associated risks is critical to the operational efficiency and strategic alignment of nee and fpl in a competitive and regulated environment.