Our ability to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling content choices that keep our members engaged with our service, effectively drive conversation around our content and service, as well as provide a quality experience for choosing and enjoying TV series, films, and games. The market for entertainment is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Through new and existing distribution channels, consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video. The various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, transactional, ad-supported, and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture meaningful segments of the entertainment video market. Several of these competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition, exclusive rights to certain content, large content libraries, and significant financial, marketing, and other resources. They may offer more compelling content or secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions, and marketing. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party provider. We also utilize third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service, and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. We have built our own global content delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to our content delivery network, payroll and related personnel expenses, and all third-party costs associated with delivering content over the internet. Our technology and development expenses consist primarily of payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for technology personnel responsible for making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining, and modifying our user interface, our recommendations, merchandising, and infrastructure. If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, including as a result of "bugs" or other errors in our development and deployment of software, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members, and add new members may be impaired. We are also scaling our own studio operations to produce original content, including through acquisitions. As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party cloud computing, technology, and other services. If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues, or profitability.