We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services. Machine learning and AI are increasingly driving innovations in technology, but if they fail to operate as anticipated, our business and reputation may be harmed. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames, or if we fail to meet our contractual service level commitments. There are changes in IT trends that we do not adequately anticipate or timely address with our product development efforts. We believe many vendors spend amounts in excess of what Oracle spends to develop and market applications and infrastructure technologies, which compete with our offerings. We face intense competition in all aspects of our business, and the nature of the IT industry creates a competitive landscape that is constantly evolving. Our enterprise cloud, license, and hardware offerings compete directly with offerings from some of the largest and most competitive companies in the world. The increasing prevalence of cloud delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. Our cloud offerings and hardware offerings are complex, and if we cannot successfully manage this complexity, including the sourcing of technologies and components, the results of these businesses will suffer. We depend on suppliers to develop, manufacture, and deliver the necessary technologies and components for our hardware products and cloud infrastructure. Our cloud and license business engages in the sale and marketing of our applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through various deployment models. We continue to place significant emphasis on direct sales through our own sales force while also marketing certain offerings through indirect channels. Our cloud services deliver applications and infrastructure technologies on a subscription basis via cloud-based deployment models. We expect to continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because they are essential to maintaining our competitive position. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy, and we have invested billions of dollars to acquire complementary companies, products, services, and technologies. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. Our cloud services and license support expenses have grown in recent periods, and we expect this growth to continue as we increase our existing data center capacity and establish data centers in new geographic locations to meet current and expected customer demand. Our products and services may not function properly if we experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors, which could adversely affect market acceptance of our products or services. If we experience any errors, or if there are delays in releasing our cloud, license, or hardware offerings, our sales could be affected and revenues could decline.