Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cybersecurity attacks. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal and hosted information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures and cybersecurity attacks, such as malware, ransomware, or unauthorized access. Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business. We may incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions. Third-party security events at vendors, sub-processors, and service providers could also impact our data and operations via unauthorized access to information or disruption of services which may ultimately result in losses. Despite training, detection systems and response procedures, an increase in email attacks may create disruption to our business, financial and reputational risk. Although security incidents have had an insignificant financial impact on our operating results, the growing frequency of attempts may lead to increased costs to protect the company and respond to any events, including additional personnel, consultants and protection technologies. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. Additionally, remediation costs for security events may not be covered by our insurance. Our investments in real estate assets are concentrated in the logistics sector. This concentration may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business activities were more diversified. Investments in real estate properties are subject to varying degrees of risk. While we seek to minimize these risks through geographic diversification of our portfolio, market research and our asset management capabilities, these risks cannot be eliminated. Factors that may affect real estate values and cash flows include technological changes, such as reconfiguration of supply chains, autonomous vehicles, robotics, 3D printing or other technologies; the attractiveness of our properties to potential customers and competition from other available properties; our ability to reposition our properties due to changes in the business and logistics needs of our customers; and our ability to lease the properties at favorable rates and control variable operating costs. Our ability to recover our investments in real estate assets may be impacted by current market conditions. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk related to investments in and earnings from our foreign investments. We primarily hedge our foreign currency risk related to our investments by borrowing in the currencies in which we invest thereby providing a natural hedge. We have issued debt in a currency that is not the same functional currency of the borrowing entity and have designated a portion of the debt as a nonderivative net investment hedge. We recognize the remeasurement and settlement of the translation adjustment on the unhedged portion of the debt and accrued interest in unrealized gains or losses. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in co-investment ventures, and we may and currently intend to develop and acquire properties through co-investment ventures and investments in other entities when warranted by the circumstances. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to form new co-investment ventures, or attract third-party investment or that additional investments in new or existing ventures to develop or acquire properties will be successful. We may also enter into derivative financial instruments that we designate as net investment hedges, as these amounts offset the translation adjustments on the underlying net assets of our foreign investments.