We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats have posed, and will continue to pose, risks to the security of our IT systems, networks and product offerings, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. We, our customers and third-party hosting services have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, security breaches of, or unauthorized access to, products or systems. Although we have made investments and expect to continue to make investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, use of artificial intelligence, hiring of experts, employee training and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time. Our response to these incidents and our investments to protect our product offerings and information technology infrastructure and data may not shield us from significant losses and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. We are in the process of implementing a new commercial ERP system. This system will replace many of our existing operating and financial systems. The implementation is a major undertaking, both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Any material disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. We may be unable to maintain adequate working relationships with healthcare professionals. We rely on these professionals to assist us in the development and improvement of proprietary products. Our ability to continue to market, distribute and sell our products may be at risk if the indirect channels become insolvent, choose to sell competitive products, choose to stop selling medical technology, fail to adhere to our requirements or are subject to new or additional government regulation. We rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and software-as-a-service solutions, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. If our IT systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information due to any number of causes ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches or unauthorized access, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, inflationary increases in manufacturing costs and operating expenses, as well as negative impacts from weakening or strengthening exchange rates against the United States dollar. Our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired if we are unable to replace key personnel timely. We are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties discussed below that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.