Our ability to attract and retain customers will depend on key factors such as network quality and capacity, customer service excellence, effective marketing strategies, competitive pricing, and compelling value propositions. We have experienced criminal cyberattacks and are vulnerable to disruption, data loss, and other security breaches, whether directly or indirectly through third parties whose products and services we rely on in operating our business. Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our customers, such as sensitive personal, account, and payment card information. We utilize a number of applications and systems, including those we own and operate as well as others provided by third-party providers. Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to confidential information and to defend against cyberattacks seeking to disrupt our operations must be continually evaluated and enhanced to address the ever-evolving threat landscape and changing cybersecurity regulations. These preventative actions require the investment of significant resources and management time and attention. We expect to continue to be the target of cyberattacks, given the nature of our business, and we expect the same with respect to our third-party providers. We also expect that threat actors will continue to gain sophistication, including in the use of tools and techniques specifically designed to circumvent security controls, evade detection, and obfuscate forensic evidence. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to changes in available technology, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, continually invest in our network, increase network capacity, enhance our existing service offerings, and introduce new offerings to meet our current and potential customers' changing service demands. Enhancing our network, including the ongoing deployment of our 5G network, is subject to risks related to equipment changes and the migration of customers from older technologies. Adopting new and sophisticated technologies may result in implementation issues, such as scheduling and supplier delays, unexpected or increased costs, technological constraints, regulatory permitting issues, customer dissatisfaction, and other issues that could cause delays in launching new technological capabilities. We rely on highly skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. Our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain talented personnel for all areas of our organization. System failures and business disruptions may prevent us from providing reliable service, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. We rely upon systems and networks—those of third-party suppliers and other providers, in addition to our own—to provide and support our service offerings. Our integration and decommissioning initiatives also included the acceleration or termination of certain of our operating and financing leases for cell sites, switch sites, and network equipment. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture. We expect to incur all of the remaining restructuring and integration costs associated with the merger by the first half of 2024. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, and customer base of T-Mobile and Sprint. We expect a reduction in capital expenditures related to these efforts in 2024 compared to 2023.