We rely on information technology networks and systems and other operational technologies, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications, as well as certain technology systems from third-party vendors to operate our business. These technologies are essential for receiving package level information in advance of the physical receipt of packages, moving and tracking packages through our operations, efficiently planning deliveries, executing billing processes, and tracking and reporting financial and operational data. Our franchise locations and subsidiaries also depend on IT systems to manage their business processes and activities. IT and other systems have been and will continue to be susceptible to damage, disruptions, and shutdowns due to various vulnerabilities, including programming errors, power outages, hardware failures, cyber-attacks, and human errors. The frequency and sophistication of cyber-attacks have increased, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate measures to prevent occurrences of cybersecurity incidents. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in IT security initiatives, IT risk management, and disaster recovery capabilities. The costs and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly complex cyber threats and regulatory requirements. Our ability to control labor costs has been, and is expected to continue to be, subject to numerous factors, including labor-related contractual obligations, turnover, training costs, and regulatory changes. We continue to enhance customer engagement through combining our network with digital capabilities and to invest in the most attractive parts of the market, including healthcare and small- and medium-sized businesses. We opened our state-of-the-art fulfillment center and announced plans to build a new air hub, which are intended to allow us to reach new markets and customers and better serve our current customer base. Our digital access program and the deployment of smart package technology within our operations are part of our strategy to enhance operational efficiency and responsiveness to changing market dynamics. We expect to incur higher depreciation and amortization expense in 2024 as a result of our continuing investments in network enhancement projects and other technology initiatives. Our strategic initiatives include investments in technology resources and capabilities to support our operational flexibility and enhance our business processes. We have made significant investments in IT capabilities to transform our operations and maintain our competitive advantage in the logistics industry. The regulatory environment is increasingly challenging, and compliance with applicable regulations may present material obligations and risks to our business, including significantly expanded compliance burdens and costs. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of our brand and our reputation, which can be affected by service quality issues and adverse publicity surrounding labor relations, cybersecurity matters, and other operational challenges. We utilize and interact with the IT networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our business, which could result in unauthorized access to or disruptions of information that are critical to our operations.