We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A breakdown or breach of our information technology systems could subject us to liability or interrupt the operation of our business. In the course of our business, we collect, store, and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of such confidential information. We have implemented security measures to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with a disruption to our information technology systems. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our data and information systems will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. They are often carried out by well-resourced and skilled parties, including nation states, organized crime groups, and employees or contractors acting carelessly or with malicious intent. Our business has a substantial risk of product liability claims and other litigation liability. We are or may be involved in various legal proceedings, including securities/shareholder matters and claims related to product liability, intellectual property, employment law, competition law, data privacy, and breach of contract. Such proceedings may involve claims for, or the possibility of, damages or fines and penalties involving substantial amounts of money or other relief, including civil or criminal fines and penalties. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We face risks in connection with existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our products and product candidates. We rely on third parties to conduct pre-clinical work, clinical trials, and other activities, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet established deadlines for the completion of such studies or trials or failing to satisfy regulatory requirements. Our ability to enroll patients in our clinical trials in sufficient numbers and on a timely basis is subject to a number of factors. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our products and product candidates. We do not assign our internal costs, such as salary and benefits, stock-based compensation expense, laboratory supplies, and other direct expenses and infrastructure costs, to individual products or product candidates, because the employees within our research and development groups typically are deployed across multiple research and development programs. We have expanded and are continuing to expand our global operations and capabilities, which has placed significant demands on our management and our operational, research and development, and financial infrastructure. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis and increasing the number of people with cystic fibrosis eligible and able to receive our medicines, including through label expansions, expanded reimbursement, and the development of new medicines.