Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities and we manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis; there are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day activities of the operating businesses.  Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities and the selection of chief executives to head each operating business and is also responsible for establishing and monitoring corporate governance practices.  We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to our cash and cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury bills, and financial strength and redundant liquidity will always be of paramount importance at Berkshire; accordingly, we will not repurchase our stock if it reduces our consolidated cash, cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury bills holdings below $20 billion.  Our insurance businesses consider pre-tax catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million from a current year event as significant, and underwriting results for 2017 included estimated pre-tax losses of approximately $3.0 billion primarily attributable to three major hurricanes in the U.S. and Puerto Rico and wildfires in California; changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results and unpaid loss estimates will be revised upward or downward in future periods.  Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which can be volatile.  In response to weakened demand in the railcar and oil and gas industries, we undertook overhead cost reduction initiatives and we continue to decline business when we believe prices are inadequate.  We believe that investment and derivative gains and losses, whether realized from sales or unrealized from changes in market prices, are often meaningless in terms of understanding our reported results or evaluating our periodic economic performance.  Beginning in 2018, unrealized gains and losses on equity securities will be included in net earnings due to a new accounting standard, which will almost certainly produce a very significant increase in the volatility of our periodic net earnings given the magnitude of our existing equity securities portfolio and the inherent volatility of equity securities prices; upon adoption of this standard, we reclassified net after-tax unrealized gains of $61.5 billion related to our investments in equity securities from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings.  Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a strong capital base; at December 31, 2017, we held cash, cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury bills of approximately $104.0 billion and investments of $185.4 billion, while debt maturities are monitored and scheduled such that term debt of $800 million matured in February 2018 and $750 million will mature in August 2018.  We forecast capital expenditures for our railroad and utilities and energy operations will approximate $9.7 billion in 2018.  Burlington Northern Santa Fe operates approximately 32,500 route miles of track and generated unit volume growth of 5.3% in 2017, although growth moderated in the second half of the year, and we believe the general economy will continue to be strong in 2018, albeit at a slower pace of volume growth.  Berkshire Hathaway Energy’s consolidated effective income tax rates regularly reflect significant production tax credits from wind-powered electricity generation placed in service and other regulatory outcomes, and its domestic regulated utilities recover costs and a return on capital through regulated rates.  Our manufacturing, service and retailing groups comprise a large scale of industrial, building and consumer products operations and independently managed service and retail businesses with diverse product portfolios, which have enabled incremental capacity adjustments through acquisitions and ongoing expense containment efforts.  Clayton Homes’ lending activities have benefitted from relatively low delinquency rates and from low average interest rates on borrowings.  These management approaches, resource buffers, decentralized decision making, risk assessment and mitigation processes, capital allocation strategies and ongoing operational adjustments collectively support the maintenance of positive adjustment under challenging conditions, enable absorption of strain and preserve or improve functioning despite adversity, and therefore contribute to our organizational resilience.