Chubb’s corporate structure has facilitated the development of management talent by giving each profit center’s senior management team the necessary autonomy within underwriting authorities to make operating decisions and create products and coverages needed by its target customer base. Our product and geographic diversification differentiates us from the vast majority of our competitors and has been a source of stability during periods of industry volatility. We employ a strategy to manage the financial market and policyholder behavior risks embedded in the reinsurance of variable annuity guarantees, including investing in derivative hedge instruments and limiting the aggregate amount of guarantee risk we are willing to assume, and intend to hold these derivative contracts to maturity so that, over time, the insurance liability will be adjusted to equal our obligations. We believe that our cash balance, our highly liquid investments, credit facilities, and reinsurance protection provide sufficient liquidity to meet unforeseen claim demands that might occur in the year ahead, and to further enhance cash management efficiency we have implemented notional multicurrency cash pooling arrangements with a bank provider to address short-term timing mismatches. We have entered into new reinsurance agreements and taken other merger-related underwriting actions, including exiting certain types of business that do not meet our underwriting standards or adhere to our risk diversification strategy. One of our strategic focus areas is to transform ourselves to thrive in a digital age, which we expect will significantly enhance our competitive profile and contribute revenue growth and efficiencies in the medium and longer term. For our core property catastrophe program, we regularly review our catastrophe risk accumulation and adjust layer structures and reinsurance limits to maintain adequate coverage for modeled hurricane, typhoon, convective storm and earthquake events at defined return-period thresholds. Our crop insurance business operates under a standardized reinsurance agreement with the U.S. government and complementary private stop-loss reinsurance, and we limit our crop-hail exposures through township liability limits and third-party proportional reinsurance to support the financial integrity of the program. In our reserving process, judgments are continually revised as additional experience and data become available, and we apply actuarial methods, industry benchmarks and qualitative factors to assess loss and loss expense reserves, thereby preserving financial flexibility and supporting business continuity. We believe that our financial strength and access to capital markets—supported by credit facilities, repurchase agreements and the ability to issue debt or equity—provide us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain funds externally as needed and maintain operational continuity under stress. Independent financial strength and credit ratings serve as external assessments of our claims-paying ability and underpin our market competitiveness and organizational resilience.