We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures, and a significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices.  Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner, targeting adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, and to grow our international sales, while we continue to focus on affordability initiatives.  We expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements and to invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return a substantial portion of our free cash flow to investors.  We identify and monitor risks to the technical, schedule and cost aspects of long-term contracts, assess the effects of those risks on our estimated total costs to complete and profit-booking rates, and record loss reserves or risk retirements when necessary to preserve margins.  We also continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services through independent research and development, selective acquisitions, divestitures and internal realignments to ensure we maintain core strengths and reconfigure resources toward emerging opportunities.  Our balanced cash deployment strategy, underpinned by strong operating cash flows, capital expenditures in equipment, facilities and information technology, disciplined debt management, access to revolving credit and commercial paper, and the ability to issue debt if circumstances change, provides financial flexibility to support operational continuity under fiscal uncertainty.  We manage our environmental remediation and pension liabilities—recovering costs through U.S. government contracts—and make substantial pension contributions while recognizing the impact of discount rates, asset returns and longevity assumptions on our funded status.  In periods of budgetary uncertainty or continuing resolutions that may delay procurement, we stand ready to revise assumptions, protect liquidity and ensure the organization’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve its functioning despite adversity.  