The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. The pandemic may have long-term effects on the nature of the office environment and remote working, presenting operational challenges that may adversely affect our business. Our operations have begun to be negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control, including physical distancing, travel bans, and work-from-home directives. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be harmed. The global macroeconomic effects of the pandemic may persist for an indefinite period, even after the pandemic has subsided. The conditions caused by the pandemic have affected the rate of IT spending and may continue to adversely affect our customers' ability or willingness to purchase our offerings. We have seen and may continue to see these conditions delay prospective customers' purchasing decisions, adversely impacting our ability to provide on-site consulting services to our customers, resulting in extended payment terms, and affecting attrition rates, all of which could adversely affect our future sales, operating results, and overall financial performance. Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, evolving distribution models, and disruptive technology developments. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer expectations and needs, and anticipate emerging standards and technological developments. We must make long-term investments, develop, acquire, or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. If we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new products and services may not succeed and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments, or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit markets which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. We believe that a critical contributor to our success to date has been our corporate culture, which we have built to foster innovation, teamwork, and employee satisfaction. As we grow, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel essential to our future success. We are a highly automated business and rely on our network infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems, and website for our development, marketing, operations, support, hosted services, and sales activities. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of these systems or third-party hosted services in the event of a major earthquake, fire, flood, or other catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our product development, and loss of critical data. Climate-related events, including the increasing frequency of extreme weather events, have the potential to disrupt our business and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses, and additional costs to maintain or resume operations.