The COVID-19 pandemic, and the public and governmental effort to mitigate against the spread of the disease, have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our clinical trials, operations, supply chains, distribution systems, product development, product sales, business and results of operations. Our ability to perform critical functions and maintain operations have been adversely affected and could continue to be adversely affected as a result of such workforce restrictions. Disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including transportation and supply chains, have adversely affected, and continue to adversely affect, the efficiency of our business operations. The transition of the majority of our workforce to a remote work environment in response to COVID-19 has exacerbated certain risks to our business, including increased risk of cybersecurity attacks and unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information. Our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R&D efforts, clinical and commercial manufacturing processes, and product sales and distribution processes. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems makes them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions. Our systems are also subject to frequent cyberattacks, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business, including developing, gaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing, selling and/or distributing our products. We have activated our applicable business continuity plans, including suspending U.S. in-person meetings and interactions with the healthcare community and professionals in a substantial number of states. Our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by global economic conditions. The economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic has precipitated a global recession which may be of an extended duration. Job losses or other economic hardships may also affect patients' ability to afford health care, which could lead to reduced demand for our products. We rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices, and components necessary for the manufacturing of our commercial and clinical products. Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions, or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales. Significant disruptions or production failures at our facilities could significantly impair our ability to supply our products or continue our clinical trials. We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications, and our clinical trials have been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. We are subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, and failure to comply with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The rapid development and fluidity of the pandemic preclude any prediction as to the ultimate effect of COVID-19 on us. The magnitude and degree of COVID-19's adverse effect on our business will be driven by the severity and duration of the pandemic, the pandemic's effect on the United States and global economies, and the timing, scope, and effectiveness of governmental responses to the pandemic.