A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of wireless service providers, the financial condition of wireless service providers, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services due to general economic conditions or global crises. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could materially and adversely affect our tenants through disruptions of their ability to procure telecommunications equipment and maintain liquidity, with potential decreases in consumer spending contributing to liquidity risks. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. We depend on the continued financial strength of our tenants, many of whom operate with substantial levels of debt. Our international operations expose us to risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and economic, political, and operational challenges that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position. We have taken various measures to ensure the continued availability of our communications sites while ensuring the safety and security of our employees, tenants, vendors, and surrounding communities. These measures include providing support for our tenants remotely and modifying our business practices. Our industry is highly competitive, and our tenants have numerous alternatives in leasing antenna space, which could materially and adversely affect our lease rates. The integration of acquired assets may significantly burden management and internal resources, including through the potential loss or unavailability of key personnel. If we fail to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or utilize such assets to their full capacity, we may not realize the benefits expected from our acquisitions. We may experience increased competition for the acquisition of assets or contracts to build new communications sites, which could make the acquisition of high-quality assets significantly more costly or prohibitive. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services and general economic conditions. We expect that our churn rate may remain elevated due to contractual lease cancellations and non-renewals, particularly as our tenants evaluate recent court rulings and determine their payment plans for associated fees. We anticipate that our churn rate in our U.S. & Canada property segment will be elevated for several years due to contractual lease cancellations. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon maintaining recurring revenue and converting it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and achieving operational efficiencies. The loss of significant tenants or the loss of anticipated lease revenues could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We actively monitor the creditworthiness of our tenants to mitigate concentrations of credit risk. Our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities depends on the demand for our communications sites and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites.