The COVID-19 pandemic has had and could continue to have an adverse impact on the business operations of our company and our customers, partners, manufacturers, suppliers, distribution fulfillment centers, and service depots. We have experienced manufacturing and supply chain disruptions and logistic challenges, which have negatively impacted our ability to ship products or provide support services to our customers. As a result of COVID-19 related manufacturing disruptions, the lead times for our products have increased, and our supply chain costs have increased, which has adversely impacted our gross margins. We have and may continue to purchase buffer inventories of components and products that have extended lead times to ensure adequate supply to support long-term customer demand, which may increase the risk of future excess and obsolete inventory and could have a negative impact on our gross margins. We expect to continue to invest in working capital as supply availability improves to address the risk of future COVID-19 related supply chain disruptions. Our ability to grow our business and future success will depend significantly on our ability to expand our operations and customer base worldwide. Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with compliance and regulatory requirements, including greater difficulty in enforcing contracts and accounts receivable collection. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and industry consolidation may lead to further increased competition, which may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. Weak domestic or global economic conditions, fear or anticipation of such conditions, and global pandemics could adversely affect our business. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and research and development efforts to expand our product offerings and maintain our revenue growth. Our ability to manage our supply chain may also be adversely affected by other factors, including shortages of components used to manufacture our products and geopolitical conditions such as the U.S. trade war with China and the impact of public health epidemics like COVID-19. We are susceptible to supply shortages or supply changes, which could disrupt or delay our scheduled product deliveries to our end customers and may result in the loss of sales and end customers. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing process, quality assurance, product costs, and product supply and timing, which exposes us to risk. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards, and changing end-customer needs. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform and introduce new products and features. We believe that our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for at least the next 12 months.