The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures implemented to contain the spread of the virus have had, and are expected to continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The pandemic has contributed to widespread changes to, and significant reductions in, household and business activity and consumer and business spending, as well as economic concerns and a rise in unemployment. Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, have had and are expected to continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We experienced lower voluntary attrition rates on our proprietary products compared to the prior year, and our card members continued to recognize our commitment to service excellence. Throughout 2020, we focused and made substantial progress on our priorities to manage through this period of uncertainty, including supporting our colleagues and winning as a team, protecting our customers and our brand, structuring the company for growth in the future, and remaining financially strong. Our liquidity levels and capital position remained strong, with capital ratios that are well above our targets and regulatory requirements, providing us with significant flexibility to maintain the strength of our balance sheet through this uncertain period. We have seen steady improvement in our overall billed business, with different recovery trends in travel and entertainment (T&E) and non-T&E spend. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events, which can have a material adverse effect on our business. We have developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return, and we have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures. Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective, and there may also be risks that exist, or develop in the future, that we have not appropriately identified or mitigated. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee, which coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls. Our information and cyber security program is designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. We continue to invest in enhancements to cyber security capabilities and engage in industry and government forums to promote advancements to the broader financial services cyber security ecosystem. The management and oversight of multiple vendors increases our operational complexity and governance challenges and decreases our control. Our success is dependent on maintaining a culture of integrity and respect, the resilience of our colleagues through the pandemic, and upon our executive officers and other key personnel. The loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business, and we must continually update and enhance our control environment to address operational and compliance risks. We are closely monitoring the changing macroeconomic environment and actively managing our balance sheet to reflect evolving circumstances, seeking to maintain access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities and contingent sources of liquidity.