The covid-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected our business and financial performance, leading to a significant decrease in consumer spending and an unprecedented decline in travel and restaurant activities. The pandemic has resulted in a material decrease in gross bookings, room nights booked, total revenues, net income, and cash flow from operations. In response to the pandemic, we have undertaken restructuring activities at all our brands to optimize efficiency and reduce costs, which we expect to result in annualized cost savings of approximately $370 million in personnel-related expenses. Our headcount decreased 23% year-over-year as of December 31, 2020, primarily due to these restructuring activities and attrition. We have also participated in government aid programs, including employee wage support programs, to mitigate the adverse impacts of the pandemic. The uncertain and rapidly evolving nature of current conditions around the world makes it difficult to predict the long-term effects of the pandemic on our business or the travel and restaurant industries as a whole. We have increased our provision for expected credit losses on receivables from and cash advances made to our travel service provider and restaurant partners due to the financial difficulties faced by many of them as a result of the pandemic. The pandemic has heightened many of the risks identified in our risk factors, including the ability to withstand increased cyberattacks and the need to manage our relationships with travel service providers effectively. We have implemented various measures to address the impact of the pandemic, including a general temporary company-wide hiring freeze and significant reductions in marketing spend worldwide. Our ability to adapt to these unexpected situations and maintain operational continuity is critical for our organizational resilience. The pandemic has also prompted us to reevaluate our strategic initiatives and resource allocation to ensure we can respond effectively to future disruptions. We believe that as effective vaccines become widely distributed, people will feel it is safe to travel again, and government restrictions will be relaxed, although the timing remains uncertain. The extent of the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and growth prospects is highly uncertain and will ultimately depend on future developments, including the severity, extent, and duration of the pandemic and its impact on the travel and restaurant industries. We are committed to preserving our organizational health and adapting our operational practices to enhance our resilience strategies in the face of ongoing external pressures. Our long-term strategy involves continued expansion throughout the world, and we are focused on maximizing the benefits of our scale by sharing resources and technological innovations across our brands. We believe that the opportunity to grow our business beyond pre-covid-19 levels exists, and we will continue to invest in technology and personnel to support our recovery and future growth.