The COVID-19 pandemic is affecting how we operate our business. If the negative impact from the COVID-19 pandemic extends beyond our assumed timelines, our results may be worse than expected. The full extent of the impact will depend on future developments, such as the ultimate duration and severity of the spread of COVID-19, the effectiveness of governmental mitigation actions, and how quickly we can return to more normal operations. We have started to re-engage in in-person interactions by our customer-facing personnel in healthcare settings in the U.S. and a number of other markets. If we determine that it is no longer safe to engage in these in-person interactions, we will likely return to a remote model of engagement. This transition could have a negative impact on our business. We continue to experience delays in the initiation and enrollment of patients in our clinical trials. A prolonged clinical trial delay could potentially have a significant negative effect on our business, particularly if new competitive products enter the market or clinical trial results for our competitors' products affect the value proposition for our product. We are facing and could continue to face potential negative consequences stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, including increased cyber threats and delays in planned integration milestones. The pandemic has increased the volatility of the financial markets, foreign currency exchanges, and interest rates. We have implemented a number of measures to protect the health and safety of our workforce, including a mandatory work-from-home policy for our global workforce who can perform their jobs from home. We are experiencing scarcity of certain raw materials and components as a result of the influx of COVID-19 vaccine orders receiving priority treatment from vendors. We cannot predict the full extent of the negative impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. We are developing new medicines in core therapeutic areas and continue to advance our pipeline through internal and external innovation. We expect to realize significant synergies resulting from cost savings and avoidance through our integration efforts. Our operating model continues to evolve, focusing on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, which will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We are committed to an aggregate of potential future research and development milestone payments to third parties for in-licensing, asset acquisitions, and development programs. We believe our differentiated internal and external focus contributes to advancing our pipeline of potentially transformational medicines. The integration process may also result in significant expenses and charges, both cash and noncash. Events outside our control, including changes in regulation and laws as well as economic trends, could adversely affect our ability to realize the expected benefits from this acquisition. We cannot predict or reasonably estimate the impact of any potential long-term changes to the healthcare industry from COVID-19. The situation remains dynamic and challenging to assess the potential impact on our operations.