The COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. The rapid spread has resulted in weaker demand and constrained supply, impacting all or portions of our workforce and operations. Economic uncertainties could continue to affect demand for the company's products and services, the financial condition and credit risk of our dealers and customers. Uncertainties related to the magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic may significantly adversely affect our business. The ultimate impact of the pandemic will be determined by the length of time it continues, its effect on demand for our products and services, and the supply chain, as well as the effect of governmental regulations imposed in response to the pandemic. The overall magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic and the continued fluidity of the situation could materially and adversely impact our business. Our business and the industries we serve are highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions. A prolonged period of economic weakness may result in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges. Economic conditions affecting the industries we serve may also lead to reduced capital expenditures by our customers, which are likely to lead to a decrease in the demand for our products and services. We rely on suppliers to produce or secure material required for the manufacture of our products, and production challenges at suppliers could adversely affect our ability to meet commitments to customers. Unexpected events may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including natural disasters or pandemic illness, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability, and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. Our continued success in selling products that appeal to our customers is dependent on leading-edge innovation, with respect to both products and operations. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. Increased information technology security threats pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data or the security, integrity and/or reliability of the hardware and software installed in our products. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers. The potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected. We may incur unanticipated costs or expenses following a completed acquisition, including post-closing asset impairment charges and expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities. Union disputes or other labor matters could adversely affect our operations and financial results. A work stoppage or other limitations on production at our facilities could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results. Our global operations are subject to a wide range of trade and anti-corruption laws and regulations. The implementation of more restrictive trade policies could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.