Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic, and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. The trading volumes in our markets are directly affected by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including economic, political, and geopolitical market conditions, legislative and regulatory changes, and shifts in demand or supply in commodities underlying our products. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and our failure to maintain compliance with regulations could result in the loss of customers. The ongoing COVID-19 health emergency has caused significant disruption in the international and U.S. economies and financial markets, leading to reduced productivity and operating effectiveness as a result of our employees working remotely and impacts on our clients encountering similar circumstances. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs to comply with the extensive regulations that apply to our business. Our strategic business plan aims to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing, and settlement business, which is essential for maintaining operational flexibility and resilience in the face of market disruptions. Our technology, our people, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or interruptions in our operations that could cause us to lose customers and trading volume. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our ability to manage our risks and comply with applicable laws and regulations is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of effective risk management, compliance, and monitoring programs. We maintain risk management and compliance policies designed to prevent, detect, deter, monitor, and manage our risks, but such policies may not be fully effective. Our clearing house seeks to offer customers universal access to maximize the efficient use of capital and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities on our exchanges. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets, which requires us to expand our product offerings, customer base, and trade execution facilities. We face intense competition from other companies, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition, and operating results will be materially harmed. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete the development of, successfully implement, and maintain the electronic trading and clearing systems that have the required functionality, performance, availability, capacity, security, and speed required by our customers. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber security risks. The threat of terrorist attacks may negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees, and any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. We continue to adapt our trading technology and clearing services to meet the needs of our customers, which is essential for sustaining our competitive advantage and organizational resilience in a rapidly evolving market environment.