Chevron's operations and workforce are being impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, causing certain operations to be curtailed to various degrees. The ultimate effects of COVID-19 on construction projects remain uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. In particular, the company is currently unable to predict whether COVID-19 will have a material adverse impact on its ability to complete projects on schedule or within the current cost estimate. The company made cuts to its upstream capital and exploratory expenditure program for 2020, which are expected to negatively impact future production and could lead to further negative revisions of reserves and impairment of assets. Production curtailments have exacerbated these negative impacts in future periods. The company has reduced the utilization rates of its refineries in response to reduced demand for its products. The company's suppliers are also being impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and access to materials, supplies, and contract labor has been strained. In-country conditions, including potential future waves of the COVID-19 virus, could impact logistics and material movement and remain a risk to business continuity. Management is currently unable to develop estimates and assumptions that may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and operational performance due to significant uncertainty around the duration and extent of the pandemic's impact. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacts future financial and operating results depends on various evolving factors that are difficult to predict and are beyond the company's control. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is evolving, and its continuation or resurgence could precipitate or aggravate other risk factors identified in this report, further materially and adversely affecting the company's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and profitability. Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents. The company has implemented a system of corporate policies, processes, and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability for which the company is self-insured could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition. The company's operations are subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from severe weather, civil unrest, and epidemic or pandemic diseases. The company evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process. Extended periods of low prices for crude oil can have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The company is in an extractive business; therefore, if it is not successful in replacing the crude oil and natural gas it produces, its business will decline. The company's operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight, and failure to manage these risks effectively could result in unexpected incidents, including releases or mechanical failures.