The COVID pandemic resulted in additional risks that could materially adversely affect John Deere's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. The pandemic has resulted in governments and other authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders and business closures. These measures have impacted and may further impact all or portions of the company's workforce and operations and the operations of customers and suppliers. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding such measures and potential future measures. Restrictions on access to the company's manufacturing facilities or on the support operations or workforce, or similar limitations for suppliers and dealers, restrictions or disruptions of transportation, port closures, increased border controls or closures, and material and component shortages have limited and could continue to limit the company's ability to meet customer demand, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The ultimate magnitude of COVID effects, including the extent of its impact on the company's financial and operational results, which could be material, will be determined by the length of time that the pandemic continues, its effect on the demand for the company's products and services and the supply chain, as well as the effect of governmental regulations imposed in response to the pandemic. John Deere's ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. John Deere competes on the basis of product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, customer service and price. John Deere's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture and market products that meet customer demand, could significantly affect its business results. The company's ability to meet its business objectives may be affected by the departure of employees, particularly when departures involve groups of employees, such as the voluntary and involuntary separation programs in fiscal 2020. Employee-separation programs may adversely affect the company through decreased employee morale, the loss of knowledge of departing employees, and the devotion of resources to reorganizing and reassigning job roles and responsibilities. Significant disruptions to the supply chain resulting from shortages of raw materials, components, and whole goods can adversely affect John Deere's ability to meet commitments to customers. Supply chain disruptions due to supplier financial distress, capacity constraints, trade barriers, labor shortages, business continuity, quality, cyber attacks, delivery issues or disruptions due to weather-related, natural disaster, or pandemic events could affect John Deere's operations and profitability. The secure operation of information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee or supplier error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage John Deere's reputation, which could adversely affect John Deere's business, results of operations and financial condition.