In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations, the most significant factors affecting our business include the adverse impact of COVID-19, which will continue for an unknown length of time and may impact certain key sources of revenue. The impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses will continue for an unknown length of time, and new impacts may emerge, particularly given the rise of COVID-19 cases. Our operations could be suspended or re-suspended by government action or otherwise in the future. We have experienced disruptions in the production and availability of content, including the deferral or cancellation of certain sports events and the suspension of production of most film and television content. Our mitigation efforts in response to the impacts of COVID-19 have had, or may have, negative impacts, including significant reductions in reservations at our hotels and cruises, increased returns and refunds, and customer requests for payment deferrals. The company has significantly increased cash balances through the issuance of senior notes and entered into an additional credit facility, did not declare a dividend, suspended certain capital projects, and reduced discretionary expenditures. We may take additional mitigation actions in the future, such as raising additional financing, suspending capital spending, or implementing additional furloughs. The most significant impact of COVID-19 on fiscal 2020 operating results was an estimated detriment of approximately $6.9 billion on operating income at our parks, experiences, and products segment due to revenue lost as a result of closures or reduced operating capacities. The estimated impact of COVID-19 on our full-year segment operating income across all businesses was approximately $7.4 billion, inclusive of the impact at parks, experiences, and products. The impact of these disruptions will be dictated by the length of time they continue, which depends on the unknowable duration and severity of COVID-19 and the impact of governmental actions. As we reopen our businesses, we will incur additional costs for health and safety measures, and the timing and extent of these costs will depend on the resumption of our operations. We expect to incur approximately $1 billion in costs related to these measures in fiscal 2021. The company has adjusted its business strategies to meet changes in the environment, including a strategic reorganization of our media and entertainment businesses to accelerate the growth of our direct-to-consumer strategy. The company’s financial condition remains strong, and its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and upcoming debt maturities. However, the duration of business closures and other impacts related to COVID-19 may require reliance on external funding sources. The company has incurred significant impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, primarily due to the adverse impacts of COVID-19 on its international channels business. The projected cash flows used to assess the fair value of our businesses and assets for purposes of impairment testing are subject to greater uncertainty than normal due to ongoing impacts of COVID-19. The company’s ability to generate revenue and its expenses in non-U.S. jurisdictions may differ from expectations due to legal and regulatory differences, which can affect its ability to react to changes in its business.