In evaluating our business, the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, should be carefully considered. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to prevent its spread are adversely affecting our business in a number of ways, and we are unable to predict the full extent of those impacts on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations, but the impact could be material. We continue to closely monitor developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic to assess its ongoing impact on our business. Factors that could negatively impact our ability to operate successfully during or following the COVID-19 pandemic include increased healthcare costs due to higher utilization rates of medical facilities and services, cash flow volatility caused by an increase in delayed or non-collectable payments, and disruptions in normal business operations due to infrastructure issues. The majority of our workforce continues to work remotely, which may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including increased demand for information technology resources and cybersecurity risks. We have contingency plans and insurance coverage for potential liabilities, but these may not be sufficient to cover all claims. Our ability to manage healthcare costs is critical, as numerous factors affecting the cost of healthcare may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage these costs. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a reduction in enrollment in our health benefits products and services, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We have experienced increased difficulty obtaining provider information required by CMS and state governmental agencies, which may impact our ability to meet quality measures. The COVID-19 pandemic has created unique and unprecedented challenges, and while it has impacted our membership and benefit expense, it did not have a material adverse effect on our reported results in 2020. However, this may change in the future as the pandemic evolves. We remain focused on increasing access and coverage for our members and have made several changes to our membership benefits and business operations to support our associates and local communities. We proactively took several actions to preserve our liquidity and financial flexibility during the pandemic, including borrowing under our senior revolving credit facility and delaying certain tax payments. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures. Our strategy continues to be to only participate in markets where we have confidence in their sustainability, including factors such as expected financial performance and regulatory environment. The ongoing changes in federal and state laws and regulations stemming from the ACA continue to represent significant challenges to the U.S. healthcare system, and we are unable to predict how these events will ultimately impact our business. Our financial condition and liquidity position remain strong, and we maintain a diversified investment portfolio to manage risks associated with market volatility. We regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions and dividends to shareholders, and our board of directors retains discretion over any dividends or stock repurchases based on our financial condition and results of operations.