The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have continuously monitored our global operations as the pandemic has spread and have implemented procedures focusing on the health and safety of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, the continuity of our business offerings, and compliance with governmental regulations and local public health guidance. We have activated our business continuity and pandemic plans, and while our business operations have continued without interruption, we cannot guarantee that our operations will not be negatively impacted in the future. We have implemented processes to limit and schedule access to certain IBX data centers and have instituted social distancing and hygiene protocols in response to the pandemic. These proactive actions may result in business delays, operational disruption, and customer dissatisfaction. Employee illnesses resulting from the pandemic could lead to further inefficiencies or delays, and a suspected or confirmed case in an IBX data center could require temporary closure for cleaning or until local regulatory requirements are fulfilled. Any closure of an IBX data center or limitation of customer access could cause customer dissatisfaction if customers are unable to access their equipment. Preventative measures instituted by governments and businesses to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 have negatively impacted the global economy and may adversely impact us, our customers, and vendors. We also expect some customers are relying on governmental support via various COVID-19 related stimulus packages. If these packages do not continue or are insufficient, we could experience increased customer churn. A prolonged economic downturn could result in larger customer churn than anticipated and reduced demand for our services, significantly impacting our revenues. We have experienced construction delays due to the pandemic, which could interfere with our ability to meet commitments to customers who have contracted for space in new IBX data centers. We are also reliant on third-party construction labor and materials from regions impacted by the pandemic, which may affect our business and growth. The full extent and impact of the ongoing pandemic cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but it could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. We maintain disaster recovery and business continuity plans that would be implemented in the event of severe weather events that interrupt our business or affect our customers' IT infrastructure. While these plans are designed to allow us to recover from natural disasters or other events, we cannot be certain that they will protect us or our customers from all such disasters or events. We are dedicated to sustainability and face pressures from our customers and stockholders to prioritize sustainable energy practices, reduce our carbon footprint, and promote sustainability. To address these goals, we pursue opportunities to improve energy efficiency and implement energy-saving retrofits. We have established a long-term goal of using 100% clean and renewable energy. The ongoing pandemic has created additional risks for our business, including potential disruptions in our supply chain and operational challenges. We are actively monitoring our vendors and suppliers to evaluate any anticipated changes in equipment availability or delivery timetables. We believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities and external financing sources, to meet our operating requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, distribution of dividends, and completion of our publicly announced acquisition and expansion projects.