The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted global economies, resulting in workforce and travel restrictions, supply chain and production disruptions, and reduced demand and spending across many sectors. These factors have had a material adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as on the operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve. We adopted operational and governance rhythms across the company to coordinate and oversee actions related to the pandemic, including an internal task force to protect the health and safety of our employees globally and maintain business continuity; the assessment of financial and operating impacts, financial planning, and mitigating costs, cash, and other actions in response; funding and liquidity management; and enterprise risk management across our global commercial, supply chain, human resources, controllership, government affairs, and other organizations. Each of GE's businesses and corporate are taking cost and cash actions to manage risk and proactively mitigate the financial impact from COVID-19, as supply and demand dynamics continue to shift. We executed more than $2 billion in operational cost reduction and more than $3 billion in cash preservation actions across the company, including more than $1 billion in operational cost reduction and more than $2 billion in cash preservation actions at aviation, to right-size its cost structure and preserve its ability to serve customers. The pandemic has had and continues to have a material adverse effect on the global airline industry, resulting in reduced flight schedules worldwide, an increased number of idle aircraft, lower utilization, workforce reductions, and declining financial performance within the airline industry. Our healthcare segment experienced increased demand for certain types of products and services, including ventilators, monitoring solutions, x-ray, anesthesia, and point-of-care ultrasound product lines, partially offset by decreased demand in other parts of the business as patients have postponed certain procedures and hospitals have deferred spending. In response to volume declines in certain of our businesses, we implemented additional cost reduction measures, restructuring, and cash preservation actions. We continue to evaluate market conditions as they evolve and take precautionary measures to strengthen our financial position. We believe that our consolidated liquidity and availability under our revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. Our ability to close transactions, particularly services parts and upgrades, has been impacted by constrained customer budgets and access to financing due to oil prices and economic slowdown, especially in gas power. We remain focused on our underwriting discipline and risk management to ensure we are securing deals that meet our financial hurdles and we have high confidence to deliver for our customers. We continue to monitor the pace of demand recovery to ensure the business is appropriately sized for the future. Aviation has taken several business actions to respond to the current adverse environment, including a reduction of approximately 25% of its total global workforce. The business is actively addressing supply chain execution challenges to enable future growth in military. We continue to invest in generating wind turbine product improvements, including larger rotors, taller towers, and higher nameplate ratings that continue to drive down the cost of wind energy, and in exploring new ways to further improve the efficiency and flexibility of our hydropower technology with new innovative turbine designs and digital solutions.