In evaluating our business, we note that our operations could be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. The covid-19 pandemic has caused significant volatility and uncertainty in U.S. and international markets and has resulted in increased risks to our operations. The pandemic could result in disruptions to our supply chain and distribution in the future, impacting the availability or productivity of products and personnel at manufacturers, distributors, freight carriers, and other necessary components of our supply chain. We may experience delays with new subject enrollment for most clinical trials and may continue to experience overall delays in our clinical trials due to restrictions imposed by clinical trial sites. Our anticipated filing and marketing timelines for certain products may be adversely impacted. The pandemic has limited patients' ability or willingness to access and seek care from healthcare providers and initiate new therapies, resulting in lower demand for our products. We face risks related to the health, safety, morale, and productivity of our employees, including the safe occupancy of our sites during the pandemic. Our job site enhancements and risk protocols do not guarantee that we can maintain the continued safe occupancy of our sites. The pandemic may amplify many of the other risks described throughout the "risk factors" section of this annual report. Our global operations are accompanied by certain financial, political, economic, and other risks, including business interruptions stemming from natural or man-made disasters, such as climate change, earthquakes, hurricanes, flooding, fires, or actual or threatened public health emergencies. We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics, and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships or poor performance by these companies could negatively impact our business. Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products. If we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products, our business will be adversely impacted. We rely on third-party manufacturers and corporate partners to perform manufacturing activities effectively and on a timely basis. Any adverse developments affecting or resulting from our manufacturing operations may result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals, or recalls. We may also need to take inventory write-offs and incur other charges and expenses for products that fail to meet specifications and quality standards. The continued growth of the 340b program limits the prices we may charge to an increasing number of customers. Our ability to deliver on our strategy and objectives is subject to a number of uncertainties, including the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, which remains unpredictable; the continuation of an uncertain global macroeconomic environment; and our ability to realize the potential benefits of our acquisitions, collaborations, or licensing arrangements. We may experience adverse impacts resulting from imports from countries where our products are available at lower prices or imports of unapproved generic or counterfeit versions of our products. We are also aware of the existence of various "buyers clubs" around the world that promote the personal importation of generic versions of our products that have not been approved for use in the countries into which they are imported.