Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We face intense competition and must continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users to remain competitive. Our business environment is rapidly evolving, and we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies, reflecting our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our current operations and harm our financial condition and operating results. We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our internet-based services. We have experienced and/or may experience supply shortages and price increases driven by raw material, component or part availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, tariffs, trade disputes, natural disasters or pandemics, and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. Our products and services may have quality issues resulting from design, manufacturing, or operations. If the quality of our products and services does not meet expectations or our products or services are defective, it could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws and our company policies, but we do not control them or their practices. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We face increased regulatory scrutiny as well as changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and policies governing a wide range of topics that may negatively affect our business. The continuing impacts of COVID-19 are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and may have an adverse effect on our business, operations, and future financial performance. The macroeconomic impacts of COVID-19 are significant and continue to evolve, as exhibited by changes in consumer behavior and market volatility. We continue to assess the realized and potential credit deterioration of our customers due to changes in the macroeconomic environment. The ongoing impact of COVID-19 on our business continues to evolve and be unpredictable. As we look to return our workforce in more locations back to the office, we may experience increased costs as we prepare our facilities for a safe return to work environment and experiment with hybrid work models. We expect to continue to invest in operating and capital expenditures, including significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. The impact of COVID-19 on our results and operations has led to fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates. Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. We may also face downward pressure on our operating margins from increasing regulations, increasing competition, and increased costs for many aspects of our business. The occurrence of a natural disaster or pandemic could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results, and complications with the design or implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning system could harm our business and operations.