Our business, results of operations, and financial condition are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics, consumer preferences, expectations and needs, and unexpected weather conditions, public health issues, or natural disasters. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process, as customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are becoming more demanding. Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options, and costs depends on many factors, including the success of our investments in supply chain and customer experience initiatives. The implementation of initiatives to build one supply chain and create an interconnected shopping experience could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We have been substantially increasing our investments to create a seamless customer experience, including significant investments to streamline our operations and provide high-quality service. However, failure to choose the right investments and implement them effectively could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our financial results. Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business, as a disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could impair our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner. Furthermore, the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have created significant public health concerns as well as economic disruption, uncertainty, and volatility, all of which have impacted our business operations. We have taken numerous steps to mitigate the impact of the pandemic, including adjusting store hours, increasing cleaning measures, and implementing curbside pickup. The health and safety of our associates and customers are of primary concern, and we have expanded our paid time off policy and instituted bonuses for hourly associates to support them during this challenging time. The pandemic has also resulted in increased demand for online purchases, which has required us to rapidly modify our technology and fulfillment operations. Our ability to manage these changes effectively is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and ensuring customer satisfaction. We continue to actively monitor our business and operations and may take further actions as required by authorities or in the best interests of our stakeholders. The complexity of the current environment necessitates a focus on taking care of our associates and adapting to shifts in customer needs and behaviors. Our investments in stores, interconnected and digital assets, supply chain, and merchandising organization have allowed us to quickly adapt to these changes. However, we recognize that the unpredictable nature of external pressures, including economic conditions and public health issues, could further affect our operations and financial performance.