The global recession resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic impacted many of our customers, resulting in a reduction of discretionary spending and demand for our products and services. Our operations may be adversely affected by downturns in the global demand for air travel, which may impact new aircraft production or result in the delay or cancellation of new aircraft orders. The global COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic and related impacts adversely affect and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flow. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business will depend on numerous evolving factors, including the duration, scope, and severity of the pandemic, as well as governmental, business, and individual decisions and actions. The focus on managing and mitigating the impacts of COVID-19 on our business may cause us to divert or delay the application of our resources toward new initiatives or investments, which may adversely impact our future results of operations. We have taken and may be required to redeploy significant cost actions, including reducing discretionary expenses, canceling annual merit increases, and reducing staffing levels. Our management of the impact of COVID-19 will continue to require significant investment of time and resources across our global enterprise. The company has developed plans to mitigate the potential impact of these costs and challenges, but the implications of these uncertainties could affect the company's business, financial position, and results of operations. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. However, we may not be able to complete transactions on favorable terms or on a timely basis. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities and transitions to cost-competitive regions. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign government requirements relating to the protection of the environment. We believe that our policies, practices, and procedures are properly designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and personal injury. However, we continue to incur remedial response and voluntary cleanup costs for site contamination and are a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety matters. We conduct studies to determine the feasibility of various remedial techniques and record appropriate liabilities for environmental matters when remedial efforts or damage claim payments are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The company has experienced average resolution values per claim, and it is not possible to predict whether resolution values for asbestos-related claims will increase, decrease, or stabilize in the future. The company regularly assesses the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to our contingencies and recognizes a liability for these contingencies based on a thorough analysis of each matter. The company is continually monitoring and assessing the need to modify or enhance our disclosure controls to ensure they continue to be effective. We have not experienced any material impact to our internal control over financial reporting during the COVID-19 pandemic.