Risks related to our business downturn in economic environment and client spending budgets could impact the company's business. If overall demand for IBM's products and solutions decreases, whether due to general economic conditions, including those associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, or a shift in client buying patterns, the company's revenue and profit could be impacted. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, emerging business models and ecosystems, the client demand for our products or services may decline or IBM's costs may increase. The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes and changes to the ways of working, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings and investments through the company's globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by changes to existing laws, legal principles and regulations governing intellectual property. The company's financial results are difficult to predict due to various factors including the introduction of new products and services, the ability to compete effectively in increasingly competitive marketplaces, and the length of the sales cycles. The company may not meet its growth and productivity objectives under its internal business transformation and global integration initiatives. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. The company's business could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. Cybersecurity and privacy considerations could impact the company's business, as there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy. Successful cybersecurity attacks or other security incidents could result in unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third party data or systems. The company continuously takes significant steps to mitigate cybersecurity risk across a range of functions, but such measures can never eliminate the risk entirely or provide absolute security. The enactment and expansion of data protection and privacy laws and regulations around the globe will continue to impact the company's business, including through increased risk, increased costs, and expanded or otherwise altered compliance obligations. The company's results of operations also could be affected by economic and political changes in those countries and by macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation, currency fluctuations and adverse changes in trade relationships. The company is actively monitoring and planning for possible impacts from Brexit. The company's financial performance could be impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions and by customer credit risk on receivables. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect and correct errors, malfunctions and other defects in its products and services. If errors, malfunctions, defects or disruptions in service are experienced by customers or in the company's operations, there could be negative consequences that could impact customers' business operations and harm the company's operating results.