The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions globally and has led governmental authorities to take unprecedented measures to mitigate the spread of the disease, including travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, and shelter-in-place orders, and to take actions designed to stabilize markets and promote economic growth. From an operational perspective, our businesses, including our exchanges, clearing houses, listing venues, data services businesses, and mortgage platforms, have remained open and we do not have any plans to close any of our business operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken preventative measures and implemented contingency plans, and currently most of our employees are working remotely. In response to government mandates, we closed all of our office facilities between early March and late April 2020, with only our operationally essential employees working on-site at our facilities for business continuity purposes. As various governments began easing orders requiring office closures in late April, we began a phased re-opening of certain of our office facilities allowing a limited number of operationally non-essential workers to also work on-site. These measures are in compliance, as necessary, with local government directives and social distancing directives. We continue to monitor local government mandates in determining our office re-openings, re-closures, and work-related travel. Global health concerns relating to COVID-19 and preventive measures taken to reduce its spread have created significant volatility in financial markets, which has resulted in higher trading volumes for some of our products and increased demand for our services. The extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business will depend largely on future developments, including the duration, spread, and severity of the outbreak, the distribution, public acceptance, and widespread use and effectiveness of vaccines against COVID-19, and the actions taken to contain the spread of the disease or mitigate its impact. We continue to monitor this dynamic situation, including guidance and regulations issued by U.S. and other governmental authorities. In light of the continually evolving nature of the COVID-19 outbreak, we are not able at this time to estimate the ultimate effect of the pandemic on our business, results of operations, or financial condition in the future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of growth across our segments, strategic plans and acquisitions, available sources for financing activities, required and discretionary technology and clearing initiatives, regulatory requirements, the timing and introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products, the geographic mix of our business, and potential stock repurchases. We currently expect to incur capital expenditures and to incur software development costs that are eligible for capitalization ranging in the aggregate between $400 million and $430 million in 2021, which we believe will support the enhancement of our technology, business integration, and the continued growth of our businesses. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also need to incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future. Our segments do not engage in intersegment transactions. As of December 31, 2020, our business is conducted through three reportable business segments, comprised of exchanges, fixed income and data services, and mortgage technology. The majority of our identifiable assets are located in the U.S. and U.K.