The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and we expect will continue to have, certain negative impacts on our business, including a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We are accelerating our business strategy and taking certain actions to address challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic and deliver on our commitment to emerge stronger from this crisis. These actions include focusing investments on a defined growth portfolio by prioritizing brands best positioned for consumer reach; streamlining the innovation pipeline through initiatives that are scalable regionally or globally; refreshing our marketing approach; and investing in new capabilities to capitalize on emerging shifts in consumer behaviors. We have developed systemwide knowledge-sharing routines and processes, which include the management of any supply chain challenges. During times of crisis, business continuity and adapting to the needs of our customers are critical. We are moving with speed to best serve our customers impacted by COVID-19. We are increasing investments in e-commerce to support retailer and meal delivery services and shifting more consumer and trade promotions to digital. The pandemic helped us realize we could be much bolder in our efforts to change, and we believe that we will come out of this situation a better and stronger company. We identified key objectives to navigate the pandemic and position us to emerge stronger, including winning more consumers, gaining market share, maintaining strong system economics, strengthening stakeholder impact, and equipping the organization to win. We are enhancing our core capabilities of consumer marketing, commercial leadership, and franchise leadership to support our ability to emerge stronger from the COVID-19 pandemic. Our approach includes understanding each customer's business and needs, ensuring that our customers have the right product and package offerings, and embedding ourselves further into our retail customers' businesses. We must continue to improve our franchise leadership capabilities to give our company and our bottling partners the ability to grow together through shared values, aligned incentives, and a sense of urgency and flexibility that supports consumers' changing needs and tastes. We recognize that the rates of obesity affecting communities worldwide represent a significant challenge to our industry, and we are committed to being part of the solution. We understand and recognize that obesity is a complex public health challenge and are committed to offering reduced-, low-, and no-calorie beverage options. Our company is dedicated to implementing our sustainable sourcing commitment, which is founded on principles that protect the environment, uphold workplace rights, and help build more sustainable communities. We believe our company is well-positioned to appropriately address challenges and risks, including evolving consumer preferences, increased competition, and product safety and quality. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand attention, including the need to continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain brand loyalty and market share while selectively expanding into other profitable categories. We are committed to ensuring that product and ingredient safety and quality standards are maintained across our entire supply chain. Our company regularly assesses the specific water-related risks that we and many of our bottling partners face and has implemented a formal water risk management program. We believe that our company can leverage the water-related knowledge we have developed in the communities we serve through strategic partnerships and collaborative efforts.