We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of organizational change initiatives. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, improve and maintain our stores, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience as they increasingly are using computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands has required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required and will continue to require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors have had to and will need to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. The covid-19 pandemic has affected and is expected to continue to affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The effects of the covid-19 pandemic are highly unpredictable and volatile, and have affected and are expected to continue to affect our business operations, demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, availability of labor, access to inventory, supply chain operations, and our ability to predict future performance. We implemented a number of initiatives to facilitate a safer store environment throughout the year, including supporting social distancing and enhancing cleaning procedures. We invested nearly $1.3 billion in covid-related support for our associates, store safety, and communities. Our company has been committed to protecting the health and safety of our associates and customers through a safe store environment and shopping experience. We believe our total home strategy will enhance customer engagement and grow market share by intensifying our focus on the pro customer, expanding our online business, modernizing installation services, improving localization efforts, and elevating our product assortment. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, costs, and options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures. The significant expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by negative incidents. Our business could be affected by uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, including natural disasters and changes in climate, which could impact our operations. Natural disasters can also disrupt or disable operations of stores, support centers, and portions of our supply chain and distribution network. Our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including prevailing wage rates and the availability of and competition for talent.