The recent COVID-19 outbreak has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our business, operations, and financial results. These impacts have caused and are expected to continue to cause delays in product shipments and product development, increases in costs, and decreases in revenue, profitability, and cash from operations, which have caused and are expected to cause an adverse effect on our results of operations that may be material. The semiconductor capital equipment industry has historically been characterized by rapid changes in demand, and variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during periods of increasing or declining demand, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing facilities while we maintain business continuity plans, as our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in a limited number of locations. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping our products, which could result in the loss of business or customer trust, adversely affecting our business and operating results. We depend on creating new products and processes and enhancing existing products and processes for our success; consequently, we are subject to risks associated with rapid technological change. Our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Our investments and acquisitions may not be as successful as we may expect, particularly in the event that we invest in or acquire product lines and technologies that are new to us. We have a limited number of key customers, and sales to a limited number of large customers constitute a significant portion of our overall revenue, shipments, cash flows, collections, and profitability. As a result, the actions of even one customer may subject us to variability in those areas that is difficult to predict. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success, and this is an ongoing challenge due to intense competition for top talent. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. The economic, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors.