The global COVID-19 pandemic and containment measures taken in response to it have adversely impacted our business, results of operations and financial condition, and may continue to do so depending on future developments, which are uncertain. The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty and resulted in governments implementing measures that have impacted consumers and businesses. These measures have adversely impacted our workforce and operations and the operations of our customers, suppliers and business partners. The extent to which current measures are removed or new measures are put in place will depend on how the pandemic evolves. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, and we may take further actions as required by government authorities or that are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. We cannot ensure that our business would be immune to these risks, because of the intrinsic importance of our switching systems to our business, any interruption or degradation could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of products carrying our brands and materially adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. We maintain an enterprise resiliency program to analyze risk, assess potential impacts, and develop effective response strategies. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information and technology in our computer systems and networks, as well as the systems of our third-party providers. Information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses. The advent of the global COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a significant rise in these types of threats due to a significant portion of our workforce working from home in a mostly remote environment. Cyber-threats continue to evolve, and we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. Our transaction switching systems and other offerings have experienced interruptions as a result of technology malfunctions, fire, weather events, power outages, telecommunications disruptions, terrorism, workplace violence, accidents or other catastrophic events. The complexity of payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our core network. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, and by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business and current and potential obligations. Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. We guarantee the settlement of many of the transactions between our customers, and concurrent settlement failures of more than one of our larger customers could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and, in many jurisdictions, their ability to effectively manage or help manage our brands. We depend on our issuing partners and acquirers to continue to innovate to maintain competitiveness in the market. The risks to our business created by any one new law or regulation are magnified by the potential it has to be replicated in other jurisdictions or involve other products within any particular jurisdiction. Increased regulatory, legislative and litigation activity with respect to interchange rates could have an adverse impact on our business.