The covid-19 pandemic has led to adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and continues to create economic uncertainty. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the covid-19 pandemic and carefully evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks. Specifically, Altria remains focused on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply and distribution chains, and on economic conditions. Altria was able to build and maintain a higher cash balance than normal to preserve its financial flexibility. Altria has implemented remote working for many employees and aligned with the social distancing protocols recommended by public health authorities. Altria believes its tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations, but continues to monitor these factors. Altria continues to believe that remote working due to the covid-19 pandemic has had minimal impact on productivity. Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational. Although Altria's tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several of their manufacturing facilities in March 2020, the businesses resumed operations at those facilities under enhanced safety protocols in April 2020 and all manufacturing facilities are currently operational under enhanced safety protocols. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic. Altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain are also subject to government actions that may require the closure of a facility and remote working protocols. Altria has not experienced any material disruptions to its supply chains or distribution systems but is continuing to monitor these factors. An extended disruption in operations experienced by one or more of Altria's subsidiaries, investees, or in the supply or distribution of goods or services by one or more key suppliers, distributors, or distribution chain service providers could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its tobacco and wine subsidiaries and investees. Altria's subsidiaries could decide or be required to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. The failure of Altria's information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. Altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems to support a variety of business processes and activities. Altria continues to make investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect its information systems and data from cyber-threats. Altria may be unable to attract and retain the best talent due to the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage, tobacco control actions, and other factors. Altria's tobacco subsidiaries and investees may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce the health risks associated with certain other tobacco products and that appeal to adult tobacco consumers, which may have an adverse effect on their ability to grow new revenue streams and/or put them at a competitive disadvantage. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on its investments, including the impact on business and market valuation.