The company is subject to a number of risks that could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, or prospects. The global COVID-19 pandemic is having an adverse impact on the company's business, operations, and financial performance, and the company is unable to predict the full extent to which the pandemic or any future public health threat will adversely impact its business. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. The company faces continued pricing pressure with respect to its products, which could negatively affect sales and profit margins. The uncertainty in global economic conditions together with cost-reduction measures being taken by certain governments could negatively affect the company's operating results. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company's success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks, including the high rate of failure inherent in the research and development process for new drugs and vaccines. The company has experienced difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products, which could lead to product shortages, lost sales, and reputational harm. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications, computing infrastructure, and cloud service providers, and past cyber-attacks have led to disruptions in its operations. The company has implemented measures to enhance its systems and improve resilience against future cyber-attacks. The company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings, including product liability and environmental matters, and has established accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred. The company believes that its operations have largely adapted to the impacts of COVID-19, but ongoing residual negative impacts are expected, particularly with respect to vaccine sales. The company actively monitors the business development landscape for growth opportunities that meet its strategic criteria, and it is focused on pursuing opportunities that have the potential to drive both near- and long-term growth. The company is committed to investing in its pipeline and ensuring the supply of and patient access to its portfolio of medically important medicines and vaccines. The company anticipates that global health systems and patients will continue to adapt to the impacts of COVID-19, and it remains confident in the fundamental underlying demand for its products and its prospects for long-term growth. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of its key products, and any events that adversely affect these products could have a significant adverse impact on results of operations and cash flows. The company continuously evaluates its global footprint and overall operating model to optimize its cost structure and enhance operational flexibility.