The firm has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that its policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally. In addition, the firm has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, and the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge for the firm. The firm has established procedures designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require adherence to its policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices. The firm’s risk management practices include the evaluation of the adequacy of collateral and the establishment of appropriate market-based margin requirements to manage risks related to declines in the market value of collateral pledged or received. The firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid assets and considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties. The firm utilizes shorter-term secured financing for highly liquid assets and has established longer tenor limits for less liquid assets, for which funding may be at risk in the event of a market disruption. The firm has conducted an evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, and management believes that the firm maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. The firm’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The firm has established a trajectory model focusing on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. The firm’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The firm has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in these financial statements and has not identified any recordable or disclosable events not otherwise reported in these financial statements or the notes thereto. The firm’s risk-based capital ratios are computed under both standardized and advanced approaches for calculating credit risk and market risk. The firm is required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage-based capital ratios under regulatory capital requirements, which reflect both the firm’s on- and off-balance sheet risk, as well as capital charges attributable to the risk of loss arising from credit risk, market risk, and operational risk. The firm’s regulatory capital and capital ratios at December 31, 2020 indicate that it has consistently operated with capital in excess of its regulatory capital requirements. The firm is involved with various special purpose entities in the normal course of business, and its variable interests in these entities include debt and equity interests, commitments, guarantees, and derivative instruments. The firm determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity upon its initial involvement and reassesses this determination on an ongoing basis. The firm focuses its analysis on decisions made prior to the initial closing of the transaction and at the termination of the transaction, ensuring that it can adapt to changing conditions and maintain operational continuity.