Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The effects of the COVID-19 outbreak could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The effects of the public health crisis caused by the COVID-19 outbreak and the measures being taken to limit COVID-19's spread are uncertain and difficult to predict, but may include a decrease in short-term and/or long-term demand and/or pricing for our products and a global economic recession or depression that could further reduce demand and/or pricing for our products. Negative impacts to our operations include reductions in production levels, R&D activities, product development, technology transitions, yield enhancement activities, and qualification activities with our customers. Increased costs resulting from our efforts to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 through physical distancing measures, working from home, upgrades to our sites, enhanced cleaning measures, and the increased use of personal protective equipment at our sites may also occur. Disruptions to our supply chain in connection with the sourcing and transportation of materials, equipment, and engineering support from geographic areas impacted by COVID-19 may arise. A deterioration of worldwide credit and financial markets could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures. The resumption of normal business operations after such interruptions may be delayed or constrained by lingering effects of COVID-19 on our team members, contractors, suppliers, third-party service providers, customers, or distributors. We have evaluated our supply chain and communicated with our suppliers to identify supply gaps and taken steps to ensure continuity. In some cases, we have added alternative suppliers and increased our on-hand inventory of raw materials needed in our operations. We have developed strategies and are implementing measures to respond to a variety of potential economic scenarios, such as limitations on new hiring and business travel and reductions of discretionary spending. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We face risks associated with our international sales and operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations, and the global supply chain of the technology industry, are subject to a number of risks, including the effects of actions and policies of various governments across our global operations and supply chain. Political, economic, or other actions from China could impact Taiwan and its economy and may adversely affect our operations in Taiwan, our customers, and the technology industry supply chain. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. We have put health screenings in place, required physical distancing, established team separation protocols, and made equipment upgrades at our facilities. We are also prohibiting visitors, have significantly decreased business travel, and are generally requiring team members to work from home where possible. We believe these actions are appropriate and prudent to safeguard our team members, contractors, suppliers, customers, and communities while allowing us to safely continue operations.