We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected how we and our customers are operating our respective businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and our overall financial performance remains uncertain. We are conducting business as usual with modifications to employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of certain marketing events, among other modifications. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, suppliers, and stockholders. It is not clear what the potential long-term effects of any such alterations or modifications may have on our business, including the effects on our customers and prospects. We have observed other companies, including customers and partners, taking precautionary and preemptive actions to address the COVID-19 pandemic. Such companies may take further actions that alter their normal business operations if there are future spikes of COVID-19 infections resulting in additional government-mandated shutdowns. The conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have adversely affected our customers' willingness to purchase our products and delayed prospective customers' purchasing decisions. The impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic on the broader global economy have been swift, dramatic, and unpredictable. The depth and duration of the current economic declines attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic, and any potential economic recoveries, are not currently known. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic effectively, our business will be harmed. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development and communications infrastructure, changing and increasingly sophisticated customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our license, hardware, or cloud offerings or renew license support, hardware support, or cloud subscriptions contracts. Our cloud strategy may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We provide our cloud and other offerings to customers worldwide via deployment models that best suit their needs, including via our cloud-based offerings. As these business models continue to evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues, or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and software-as-a-service delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed, and our revenues and profitability could decline. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames. We may experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings. Errors in our cloud, license, or hardware offerings could affect their ability to properly function, integrate, or operate with other offerings, could delay the development or release of new products or services, and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products or services. Our products and services may also be accessed or modified improperly as a result of customer, partner, employee, or supplier error or malfeasance, and third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce customers, partners, employees, or suppliers into disclosing sensitive information.