The impact of COVID-19 continues to create considerable uncertainty for our business, exposing us to risks associated with the pandemic that may result in changes in demand for our products, increases in operating costs, or adverse impacts to our supply chain. We have developed and implemented health and safety protocols, business continuity plans, and crisis management protocols to mitigate the negative impact of COVID-19 on our employees and our business. Our operations are subject to disruption by natural disasters or other events beyond our control that could negatively impact product availability and decrease demand for our products if our crisis management plans do not effectively resolve these issues. We continue to monitor the economic, operating, and political environment in the markets where we operate closely and identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in developing and emerging markets, which may be impacted by economic, political, and social conditions, acts of war, terrorist acts, and civil unrest. The ongoing economic impacts and health concerns associated with the pandemic may continue to affect consumer behavior, spending levels, and shopping and consumption preferences. We have seen and could continue to see changes in consumer demand as a result of COVID-19, including the inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine, or other restrictions. Our business operations are also subject to risks associated with changes in consumer preferences and trends, including the types of products our consumers want and how they browse for, purchase, and consume them. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers to compete effectively. The retail landscape continues to evolve, including rapid growth in e-commerce channels, and our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with e-commerce retailers. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, increased employee and operating costs as a result of COVID-19, which have negatively impacted our profitability. The increase in certain employees working remotely has resulted in increased demand on our information technology infrastructure, which can be subject to failure, disruption, or unavailability, and increased vulnerability to cyberattacks. We are regularly subject to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents, and if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to continue to build and maintain our information technology infrastructure, our business can be adversely affected. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and evaluate potential acquisitions, joint ventures, and other strategic transactions, which are dependent upon our ability to realize the expected returns, benefits, and synergies. Our risk management framework includes oversight by our board of directors and senior management to identify, assess, prioritize, and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational, and other risks. We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our revolving credit facilities and other available methods of debt financing, will