This section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation, or credit ratings could be adversely affected. The growing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceutical medicines that treat rare or life-threatening conditions, combined with their relatively higher cost, has generated increased payer interest in developing cost-containment strategies targeted to this sector. We may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products, or fail to obtain such formulary placement at favorable pricing. Our approach to these arrangements may also be informed by government and industry guidance. Competitive product launches may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in unanticipated product obsolescence. We cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat diseases and conditions like those treated by our in-line drugs and drug candidates. Our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share, as well as to provide for earnings growth, either through internal R&D or through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures, licensing, or other arrangements. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. We operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, global economic conditions, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections, trade regulations, and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of our products. We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts that could impact our business. If trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales, increased costs, and volatility in foreign exchange rates. We could encounter difficulties or delays in product manufacturing, sales, or marketing due to regulatory actions, shut-downs, work stoppages, approval delays, recalls, supply disruptions, or damage to our facilities. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of these parties to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing, or commercialization of our products and product candidates. The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business, operations, and financial condition. The pandemic has presented a number of risks and challenges for our business, including impacts due to travel limitations, manufacturing disruptions, supply chain interruptions, decreased product demand, and challenges reallocating personnel and resources. We are focused on all aspects of our business and are implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible, including using digital technology to assist in operations. Our business and operations have been impacted by the pandemic in various ways, including remote work arrangements and adaptations to our promotional platform to reach healthcare professionals. Despite the pandemic's challenges, we believe we have the ability to meet liquidity needs for the foreseeable future.