Our business involves various risks and uncertainties that may affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations, as well as our ability to achieve our business objectives. Our success depends on our ability to underwrite and price risks accurately and to charge adequate rates to policyholders. The inherent uncertainty in establishing property and casualty insurance loss reserves arises from factors such as the availability of sufficient, reliable data and the difficulty in predicting trends. Our insurance operating results may be materially adversely affected by severe weather or other catastrophe events, and changing climate conditions may exacerbate these impacts. The frequency, severity, duration, and geographic location of such events are inherently unpredictable. Our ability to predict future competitive conditions is constrained by the highly competitive nature of the insurance marketplace, which could result in consolidation within the industry or the failure of one or more competitors. Our ability to develop and implement innovative products and services is critical to maintaining our competitive position, and we must effectively manage complexity as we develop and deliver high-quality products and customer experiences. Our business continuity plans may prove inadequate to address the business challenges that we confront, particularly in light of the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which could affect demand for our insurance products and our premium revenue. The potential effects of COVID-19 may exacerbate the impacts of many other risk factors, including litigation claims, data security breaches, and the valuation of our investment portfolios. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent is critical to our success, and we must adjust our hiring and training programs appropriately in response to changing business environments. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by state insurance departments, and compliance with complex laws and regulations is critical to our success. The actual or alleged failure to comply with these laws and regulations could lead to significant monetary payments, fines, and damage to our reputation. We are subject to a variety of complex laws and regulations that may limit our ability to underwrite and price risks accurately, and compliance efforts are complicated by changes in laws or regulations. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform necessary business functions efficiently and uninterruptedly. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to accurately predict our reinsurance needs and obtain sufficient reinsurance coverage. The unavailability and/or cost of reinsurance could adversely affect our business volume and profitability. Our investment portfolio is subject to various risks, including interest rate risk and investment credit risk, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition. Our ability to access capital markets and obtain financing is dependent on favorable evaluations and ratings by credit and other rating agencies. Downgrades in our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to access capital markets and lead to increased borrowing costs. The potential for injunctive relief in litigation could threaten our use of important business practices, and adverse court decisions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.