The recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and we expect its impact will continue, at least in the near term. The rapid, global spread of COVID-19 has resulted in significant economic uncertainty, significant declines in business and consumer confidence, and global demand in the wireless industry, leading to a global recession. While we have not seen a significant impact on our manufacturing facilities or our supply chain to date, the ability of our suppliers to deliver on their commitments or our ability to ship products may be negatively impacted by the pandemic and government responses, such as travel bans and restrictions. Although we have modified our workforce practices, including having the vast majority of our employees working from home, we could be negatively affected in the future if a significant number of our employees become ill or quarantined. The pandemic could also impact our business through delayed, reduced, or canceled customer orders, the inability of customers to purchase or pay for our products, or the insolvency of key suppliers, customers, or licensees. The degree to which the pandemic impacts our future business will depend on future developments, which are uncertain, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and government responses. Our industry is subject to intense competition in an environment of rapid technological change, and our success depends on our ability to adapt to such change and compete effectively. We believe it is critical that we remain a leader in 5G technology development and standardization to sustain and grow our business long-term. Our revenues and growth could be negatively impacted if our customers' revenues decline due to the maturity of smartphone penetration or if we are unable to drive the adoption of our products into networks and devices. The semiconductor industry has experienced consolidation, which could result in significant changes to the competitive landscape. Political actions, including trade and national security protection policies, may limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain customers or suppliers, which could adversely affect our business. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers, and the concentration of device share among a few companies may result in lower prices for our products. The timing and size of purchases by our significant customers may be impacted by the timing of their new product introductions, over which we have no control. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant economic uncertainty and has led to a global recession, which we expect will continue to negatively impact our revenues. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments about the benefits of our licensing program and our technology investments. However, we expect that certain companies may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Our growth depends in part on our ability to extend our technologies into new product areas and adjacent industry segments, and we intend to continue making substantial investments in these areas. The future success of our core licensing business will depend on the ability of our licensees to develop and deliver high-volume products that achieve customer acceptance. The impact of changes in our critical accounting estimates could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.