The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition, and the extent to which it will continue to do so remains uncertain. In response to the pandemic, we began implementing changes in our business designed to protect the health and well-being of our employees and customers, including remote, alternate, and flexible work arrangements where possible. We implemented enhanced cleaning and sanitation procedures, transitioned some of our facilities to manufacture hand sanitizer, and postponed or canceled hosting large events. These necessary measures have resulted in additional costs and have adversely impacted our business and financial performance. As our response to the pandemic continues and evolves, we expect to incur additional costs and are likely to experience further adverse impacts to our business. The pandemic has created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets, which are expected to continue and have adversely affected our business. We continue to experience occasional, temporary disruptions and closures of some of our facilities due to COVID-19. Our ability to predict and meet future changes in demand for our products due to the pandemic remains uncertain. We have reduced spending in certain areas of our business and may need to take additional actions to reduce spending in the future. The extent of the impact on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and financial performance will depend on numerous evolving factors, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and the ability of our customers and suppliers to continue their operations. We are closely monitoring the impact of the pandemic on all aspects of our business while managing our response through collaboration with employees, customers, suppliers, and government authorities. Our strong liquidity position, with cash and unused capacity under credit facilities, has allowed us to preserve liquidity and generate cash flow during the crisis. We have taken actions to adapt to the changing environment, including the implementation of online and phone ordering of products and curbside pickup or delivery. The necessary and appropriate measures we have taken have resulted in additional costs, including for COVID-related leave and related healthcare costs in support of our employees and their families. We expect the pandemic will continue to create challenging operating environments and have an adverse impact on our business in the near term. If these conditions persist, the COVID-19 pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. We remain committed to adapting our operations to meet customer needs and maintain organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions. Our ability to effectively respond to these challenges will be critical to our organizational health and long-term success.