This report contains statements that are not historical facts and are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The COVID-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected, and could continue to materially adversely affect, our operations, supply chain, manufacturing, product distribution, and other business activities. The global COVID-19 pandemic has led to severe disruptions in the market and the United States and international economies that may continue for a prolonged duration and trigger a recession or a period of economic slowdown. A significant number of our global suppliers, vendors, distributors, and manufacturing facilities are located in regions that have been affected by the pandemic, and those operations have been materially affected by restrictive government measures implemented in response to the pandemic. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, a significant and unpredictable need to adjust our operations as market demand for certain of our products has shifted and continues to shift. The response to the COVID-19 pandemic has included unprecedented measures to slow the spread of the virus taken by local governments and healthcare authorities globally, including the postponement of elective medical procedures and social contact restrictions, which have had, and could continue to have, a significant negative impact on our operations and financial results. Our ability to retain key employees and the continued service and availability of skilled personnel necessary to run our complex productions could be adversely impacted. The extent of the pandemic's effect on our business will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread, and intensity of the pandemic and the successful development, distribution, and acceptance of vaccines for COVID-19, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict. We cannot predict how these changes in operations would affect our future operations and commercial activities as the impact of the pandemic begins to subside. Our business could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage these and other risks of global operations in an increasingly volatile environment. We rely on indirect distribution channels and major distributors that are independent of Stryker, and our ability to market, distribute, and sell our products through these channels has been adversely affected as a result of precautionary responses to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our ability to continue to market, distribute, and sell our products may be at risk if the indirect channels become insolvent or choose to stop selling medical technology. The actions we take to mitigate the effect of the pandemic on our workforce could reduce the efficiency of our operations or prove insufficient. We may be compelled to take additional measures to preserve our cash flow, including through the reduction of operating expenses or suspension of dividend payments, at least until the consequences of the pandemic subside. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation relating to the classification, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, and sale of our products, and the process of obtaining regulatory clearances can be costly and time-consuming. We may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products due to the need for regulatory approvals, which could harm our reputation and customer relationships. Our reliance on certain suppliers exposes us to product shortages and unanticipated increases in prices, and if sole-source suppliers are unable or unwilling to deliver these materials, we may not be able to manufacture or have available one or more products during such periods of unavailability.