We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. Adverse changes in the U.S. securities markets, interest rates, and medical costs could materially increase our benefit plan costs and future funding requirements. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs. The financial accounting standards board requires companies to recognize the funded status of defined benefit pension and postretirement plans as an asset or liability in their statement of financial position and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur. Significant adverse changes in capital markets could result in the deterioration of our defined benefit plans' funded status and result in increased contribution requirements for such plans, which could be material. Adverse changes in global financial markets could limit our ability and our larger customers' ability to access capital or increase the cost of capital needed to fund business operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause a negative effect on our operating results. Mitigation measures have caused sports leagues to modify their seasons and suspend certain operations, leading to a loss of revenue. The COVID-19 pandemic could also drive higher costs for our Warnermedia business based on the hybrid distribution model for releasing films and costs associated with safety measures. If the mitigation measures or the associated effects are prolonged, we expect business customers in industries most significantly impacted will continue to reduce or terminate services, having a negative effect on the performance of our business wireline business unit. The pandemic has caused and could further cause reduced staffing levels at our call centers and field operations, resulting in delays in service. Concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic could again result in the prolonged closure of many of our retail stores and deter customers from accessing our stores even as the pandemic subsides. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. We expect our 2021 results to be impacted by lower revenues from the continued partial closure of movie theaters and higher costs based on our decision to distribute 2021 films on HBO Max in the U.S. simultaneously with theaters for 31 days. We must continually invest in our networks in order to improve our wireless, video, and broadband services to meet increasing demand and changes in customer expectations while remaining competitive. Our ability to respond will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively. We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives designed to reduce costs, streamline distribution, remove redundancies, and improve processes and support functions. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. If we do not successfully manage and execute these initiatives, or if they are inadequate or ineffective, we may fail to meet our financial goals and achieve anticipated benefits. Our international operations have increased our exposure to political instability, changes in the international economy, and the level of regulation on our business, and these risks could offset our expected growth opportunities. We need to comply with a wide variety of complex local laws, regulations, and treaties. Our ability to manage growth in wireless data services, including network quality and acquisition of adequate spectrum at reasonable costs and terms, is critical for our operational resilience.