The company has mobilized to support the COVID-19 response with products and services that help diagnose the virus as well as assisting customers to develop potential therapeutics and vaccines used to protect from the virus. The global spread of COVID-19 has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and worldwide economic disruption, resulting in an economic slowdown of potentially extended duration. The company has experienced significant and unpredictable reductions as well as increases in demand for certain of its products. The ability of employees to work may be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to COVID-19. While the company is following the requirements of governmental authorities and taking preventative and protective measures to prioritize the safety of employees, these measures may not be successful, and the company may be required to temporarily close facilities or take other measures. The company is pursuing a number of strategies to improve internal growth, including strengthening its presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, and expanding service offerings. The company believes the impacted businesses' long-term prospects remain excellent given its attractive markets served, industry-leading position, and proven growth strategy. The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. The company's growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. The company is subject to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which may materially adversely affect revenue growth in certain businesses. The company has seen a significant increase in revenues due to sales of products addressing diagnosis and treatment of COVID-19, including test kits and products for therapy and vaccine development. The duration and extent of future revenues from such sales are uncertain and dependent primarily on customer testing demand. The company is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which it operates, which could adversely affect business results and financial condition. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, and other catastrophic events or events outside of its control, which could impact customer spending. The company is subject to various local, state, federal, foreign, and transnational laws and regulations, which include operating and security standards. The company has internal controls and compliance systems to protect against acts committed by employees or agents that would violate laws, but it cannot provide assurance that these controls will prevent every wrongful act. The company relies on its suppliers to adhere to its supplier standards of conduct, and material violations could have a material effect on its business. The company's ability to realize the value of goodwill and intangible assets will depend on future cash flows, which in turn depend on how well it has integrated acquired businesses. The company assesses the realizability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, and any significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business could result in impairment of those assets. The company's ability to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements is critical for operational continuity and resilience.