The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its follow-on effects are impacting and will likely continue to impact business activity across industries worldwide, including TI. Therefore, we remain cautious about how the economy might behave for the next few years. We have long had a business continuity plan in place for unforeseeable situations, like we have seen with COVID-19. Additionally, over the past several years, we have invested in building inventory and expanding our global internally owned manufacturing footprint. Investing in these capabilities has given us flexibility, such as the ability to build products across multiple manufacturing sites. These investments have helped to minimize disruptions, but may not be sufficient to eliminate them. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake strategic, business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our objectives. If we do not successfully implement these changes, our business plans and operating results could be adversely affected. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. We have manufacturing, data and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events or epidemics that could disrupt operations. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption, particularly where we have principal manufacturing and design operations, may adversely affect our results and financial condition. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely and cost-effective manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products, develop new products to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes. We face supply chain and manufacturing risks. We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; natural events or epidemics in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to key raw materials, natural resources and utilities. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. We manufacture products based on forecasts of customers' demands. These forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, and if inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Cybersecurity or other threats to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors and other third parties are frequent and constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them. We continue to monitor and assess the situation and address implications to our business, supply chain and customer demand.