Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. The outbreak and spread of the novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 has had a significant impact on us, as well as on the operations, financial performance and liquidity of many of our customers. The pandemic has significantly impacted our operations, financial performance and liquidity, and has had, and is expected to continue to have, a material adverse impact on the operations, financial performance and liquidity of many of our customers. The ongoing severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain, rapidly changing and difficult to predict, and the future impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity remains uncertain and difficult to predict. Changes in general economic conditions, in the U.S. and internationally, may adversely affect us. We conduct operations in over 220 countries and territories, and our operations are subject to cyclicality affecting national and international economies in general, as well as the local economic environments in which we operate. The factors that result in general economic changes are beyond our control, and it may be difficult for us to adjust our business model to mitigate the impact of these factors. Our industry is rapidly evolving, including in response to demand for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments. We expect to continue to face significant competition on a local, regional, national and international basis. Competition may also come from other sources in the future, including as new technologies are developed. Additionally, to sustain the level of services and value that we deliver to our customers, we may raise prices and our customers may not be willing to accept these higher prices. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, we could be materially adversely affected. We maintain a large workforce and necessarily depend on the skills and continued service of our employees, including our experienced management team. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous factors, including turnover, training costs, regulatory changes, market pressures, unemployment levels and healthcare and other benefit costs. If we are unable to hire, properly train and retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, regulatory noncompliance, losses of customers and diminution of our brand value or company culture, which could materially adversely affect us. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. Severe weather conditions or other natural or manmade disasters, including storms, floods, fires, earthquakes, epidemics, pandemics, conflicts, unrest, or terrorist attacks, have in the past and may in the future disrupt our business and result in decreased revenues. We are subject to many laws governing our international operations, including those that prohibit improper payments to government officials and commercial customers, govern our environmental impact or labor matters, and restrict where we can do business. Our failure to manage and anticipate these and other risks associated with our international operations could materially adversely affect us. We have a combination of both self-insurance and high-deductible insurance programs for the risks arising out of the services we provide and the nature of our global operations, including claims exposure resulting from cargo loss, personal injury, property damage, business interruption and workers' compensation. Our inability to effectively integrate any acquired operations and realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or dispositions could materially adversely affect us. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the UPS brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have a material adverse effect on us.