Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could materially harm our financial condition or results of operations. We are investing significant resources in the research and development of therapies for serious diseases, and our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop additional drug candidates. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks, including the potential for adverse data from clinical trials, which could lead to abrupt changes in our development activities. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions of businesses or technologies, and the integration following any such acquisition may disrupt our business and management. We face risks in connection with existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our products and drug candidates. Our ability to generate and grow sales of our CF medicines will depend significantly on the extent to which specialty distributors and specialty pharmacies can provide adequate distribution of our products to patients and healthcare providers. We are subject to various and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal data, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our business. The COVID-19 pandemic has added further complexity to our operations, and we continue to monitor local trends and government guidance for each of our site locations. We have adopted a business continuity plan to address most crises, but if we are unable to fully implement our plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data and/or an inability to perform vital corporate functions. Our future revenues will depend on our ability to obtain adequate reimbursement for our products, and we expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain appropriate reimbursement in ex-U.S. markets. We have limited experience developing cell and genetic therapies and could experience challenges with these programs, which could result in delays or prevent the development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our cell and genetic therapies. We are subject to risks associated with operating in foreign countries, including risks relating to intellectual property protections and business interruptions. Our revenues are subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations due to the global nature of our operations. We must devote significant resources to understanding and complying with the changing landscape of data protection rules. Our business faces potential risks relating to the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union, which could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations. We have a substantial risk of product liability claims and other litigation liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical to our success, and we face intense competition for our personnel from our competitors and other companies throughout our industry. The increasing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceuticals for rare diseases is generating significant third-party payor interest in developing cost-containment strategies targeted to this sector. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs and foster scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. Our analysis of data obtained from nonclinical and clinical activities is subject to confirmation and interpretation by regulatory authorities, which could delay, limit, or prevent regulatory approval.