The following discussion of risks is designed to highlight what we believe are the material factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business, causing equipment failures, loss of information, and disruptions to our operations. The development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating. While we have not been subject to material cyber attacks, the preventive actions we take may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a major cyber attack in the future. Natural disasters, terrorist acts, or acts of war could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations. Our business operations are subject to interruption by power outages, terrorist attacks, and natural disasters, which could result in degradation or disruption of service to our customers, as well as significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. We are implementing measures to protect our infrastructure and operations from the impacts of these events, but our overall disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The pandemic has significantly impacted how our customers use our products and services and how our employees provide services. We began executing our business continuity plans to protect the safety of our employees and customers and to continue to provide critical infrastructure and connectivity. We moved over 115,000 employees to remote work arrangements and temporarily closed nearly 70% of our retail store locations. We pledged to waive late fees for customers impacted financially by the pandemic and provided additional data allocations to permit customers to remain connected. We expect to continue to revise our approach to these initiatives as the circumstances surrounding the pandemic evolve. Our strategy requires significant capital investments to acquire wireless spectrum, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, and develop advanced information technology systems. We believe that steady and consistent investments in our networks and platforms will drive innovative products and services and fuel our growth. We are consistently deploying new network architecture and technologies to secure our leadership in both fourth-generation and fifth-generation wireless networks. Our network leadership is the foundation for the connectivity, platforms, and solutions upon which we build our competitive advantage. We expect that our next-generation multi-use platform will simplify operations, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology, and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner. We will continue to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our network quality, capacity, coverage, and our development of new and enhanced products and services. We will continue to invest for growth, which we believe is key to creating value for our shareholders.