We help our clients navigate a highly dynamic world of work in order to give them peace-of-mind and reduce the time and effort they allocate to non-core tasks. This, in turn, allows our clients to better focus on what matters most to them - running their businesses. Our commitment to innovation is continuous amid challenging business and operating environments - whether it be a global recession or bull market, an international conflict or global pandemic. We believe businesses, our clients, serve as a force for progress, and we remain committed to rethinking a better, more personalized world at work to help our clients and their workers achieve their full potential. Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2022, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our re-investments, our long-term strategy, and our commitments to shareholder-friendly actions. We continue to drive innovation by anticipating our clients' evolving needs and always designing for people as the world of work changes. Our strong business model generates significant cash flows with low capital intensity and offers a suite of products that provide critical support to our clients' HCM functions. We have reshaped HCM time and again by continuously innovating across our technology platforms and service solutions. Our commitment underpins our drive to innovate across our portfolio to deliver sustainable, profitable growth. We continue to advance all of our key platforms, with workforce now being especially critical to our differentiation and growth. We believe these enhancements will help keep workforce now at the forefront of the industry. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. Our ability to maintain our current credit ratings and the impact on our funding costs and profitability is crucial. We utilize historical loss experience and actuarial judgment to determine the estimated claim liability, and changes in estimated ultimate incurred losses are included in the PEO segment. We believe the likelihood of ultimate losses exceeding this limit is remote. We have established credit quality, maturity, and exposure limits for our investments. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments. We also believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances and available borrowings under our commercial paper program. We minimize the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such client's obligation becomes due by impounding, in virtually all instances, the client's funds in advance of the timing of payment of such client's obligation. Our investment strategy is supported by our short-term financing arrangements necessary to satisfy short-term funding requirements relating to client funds obligations. We have a strong commitment to rethinking a better, more personalized world at work to help our clients and their workers achieve their full potential.