The impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic on the company continues to evolve, and the continued path of the global economic recovery remains uncertain given the potential longer-term impacts that have resulted from or are coincidental with the pandemic. Economic conditions have acted as headwinds to sales and earned premiums in 2022. The company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position will provide support toward its objectives. The company intends to maintain strong capital ratios in support of its commitment to shareholder dividends while remaining tactical in its deployment of capital. The company expects that the shift in premiums over the last several years from first sector savings products to third sector cancer and medical products will continue to result in moderately lower benefit ratios. The company expects benefit and expense ratios will continue to experience some level of revenue pressure due to the impact of paid-up policies and reduced sales compared to years prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. The company remains focused on mitigating and reversing trends that have acted as headwinds to sales and growth. Aflac U.S. remains focused on supporting its agency channel, most of which are small businesses, by offering financial support and an extended value proposition. The company has pivoted to accommodate preferred enrollment conditions, which include realizing sales at the worksite through in-person enrollment, an enrollment call center, video enrollment through co-browsing, and self-enrollment. The company has created a robust governance framework to support implementation of updated standards and has made relevant policy elections. The company has also completed the modernization of its actuarial technology platform to enhance its modeling, data management, experience study, and analytical capabilities. The company is committed to maintaining strong capital levels, consistent with maintaining current insurance financial strength and credit ratings. The company’s liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet payment obligations, while capital refers to long-term financial resources available to support operations and provide for the ability to withstand adverse circumstances. The company intends to maintain higher than historical levels of liquidity and capital at the parent company for stress conditions and with the goals of addressing the company's hedge costs and related potential need for collateral. The company has undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of Aflac Japan's solvency margin ratio, including policy reserve matching investment strategies. The company believes that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements. The company consistently generates positive cash flows from operations and has the ability to adjust cash flow management from other sources of liquidity. The company is also a signatory to the Principles for Responsible Investment, a global framework for incorporating environmental, social, and governance considerations into investment and ownership decisions. The company has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the U.S. dollar investments. The company’s investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives.