We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokerage units are very active in these markets as well. While increased use by insureds of these alternative markets historically has reduced commission revenue to us, such trends generally have been accompanied by new sales and renewal increases in the areas of risk management, claims management, captive insurance and self-insurance services and related growth in fee revenue. We have a history of strong new business generation, solid retentions and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners, which should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. Our risk management segment operations provide contract claim settlement, claim administration, loss control services and risk management consulting for commercial, not-for-profit, captive and public entities, and various other organizations that choose to self-insure property/casualty coverages or choose to use a third-party claims management organization rather than the claim services provided by underwriting enterprises. We believe these favorable trends should continue in 2023; however, if economic conditions worsen, we could see our revenue growth soften. We have invested in technology, advertising, travel, entertainment and other client-related expenses, further investment in support of our hybrid employee environment and continued investment in cybersecurity. The combination of increasing insurable values, a tight labor market and lower unemployment is likely contributing to increases in client insured exposures. We generate approximately 65% of our revenues for the combined brokerage and risk management segments domestically, with the remaining 35% generated internationally. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. Our ability to generate additional tax credits from our section 45 clean energy investments ended in December 2021. We do not expect to generate any revenue or earnings from such investments in 2023 unless Congress reinstates the law allowing for such tax credits. We believe that in a positive rate environment with increasing exposures, our professionals can demonstrate their expertise and high-quality, value-added capabilities by strengthening our clients' insurance portfolios and delivering insurance and risk management solutions within our clients' budget. Our brokerage segment generates revenues by identifying, negotiating and placing all forms of insurance or reinsurance coverage, as well as providing risk-shifting, risk-sharing and risk-mitigation consulting services. We also provide these services through, or in conjunction with, other unrelated agents and brokers, consultants and management advisors. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our clean energy investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows due to the utilization of IRC section 45 tax credits to offset taxable income in years after the program expired. Our corporate segment reports the financial information related to our clean energy and other investments, our debt, certain corporate and acquisition-related activities and the impact of foreign currency remeasurement. We routinely are involved in legal proceedings, claims, disputes, regulatory matters and governmental inspections or investigations arising in the ordinary course of or incidental to our business. We continue to fully cooperate with investigations, which may impact our operational continuity and organizational resilience.