As the COVID-19 pandemic emerged in 2020, Applied Materials responded quickly to put in place precautionary measures to keep its workplaces healthy and safe, while ensuring compliance with orders and restrictions imposed by government authorities, everywhere Applied operates in the world. Applied's top priority remains protecting the health and safety of its employees and their families, customers, suppliers, and community. Applied continues to support workplace flexibility and will work to respond appropriately to the impact of COVID-19 on its business, its customers' and suppliers' businesses, and its communities. In light of these conditions, Applied's results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter. Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. Applied's significant investments in research, development, and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. In response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and evolving conditions and worldwide response, Applied made adjustments to its global operations and is actively managing its responses in collaboration with its employees, customers, and suppliers. However, the situation remains fluid and uncertain. Applied's results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the Internet of Things, 5G networks, smart vehicles, and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. Demand for Applied Global Services' solutions is driven by Applied's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems, and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. Industry conditions that affect Applied Global Services' sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by increases in semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts and higher utilization rates, growth of the installed base of equipment, and the company's ability to sell more comprehensive service agreements. Applied's ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is reflected in its ongoing investments in product development initiatives, consistent with the company's growth strategy. The company has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied's management believes that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and borrowing capability, will be sufficient to satisfy Applied's liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. Applied's strategic response to the challenges posed by the pandemic and other external pressures illustrates its commitment to maintaining operational continuity and adaptability in a turbulent market environment.