The company's strategic geographic and industry diversification, and its mix of products and services, have helped to mitigate the potential adverse impact of any unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. Recent events and market conditions impacting our business include the inflationary cost environment, rising interest rates, supply chain constraints, the COVID-19 pandemic, and the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. In response to these supply chain pressures, we have taken actions to build inventory and seek alternative sources of supply to support sales and backlog growth. The company has taken steps to mitigate the impacts of material and transportation cost inflation by implementing pricing actions. We anticipate the challenging global economic environment to continue into 2023. The company believes it has sufficient cash-generating capabilities from domestic and unrestricted foreign sources, available credit facilities, and access to long-term capital funds to enable it to meet its operating needs and contractual obligations for the foreseeable future. The company is committed to, and has consistently invested in, research, development, and engineering activities to design and develop new and improved products and solutions. These expenditures were directed toward the development of new products and solutions and the improvement of existing products and solutions. The company experienced heightened levels of inflation in material and transportation costs beginning in 2021. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the sanctions imposed in response to this conflict have increased global economic and political uncertainty. While the ultimate impact of these events remains uncertain, we will continue to evaluate the extent to which these factors will impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The company has taken actions to build inventory and seek alternative sources of supply to support sales and backlog growth. The company's operational excellence initiatives have positively impacted segment operating income, which increased due to the increased sales. The company has also emphasized investment in research, development, and engineering, spending significant amounts to enhance productivity and expand capacity. The company recorded an immaterial non-cash impairment charge related to certain of the company's trade names due to higher discount rates driven by higher interest rates. The effective tax rate for 2022 was 18.8%, compared with 19.1% in 2021. The company assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets, taking into consideration the company's forecast of future taxable income and available tax planning strategies. The company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements unless required by the securities laws to do so. The company believes that its operational flexibility, strategic initiatives, and commitment to research and development will enable it to navigate the challenges posed by external pressures and maintain its performance under pressure.