The ongoing transition from 2G technology to 4G technology in India has included a period of carrier consolidation, which we believe is now substantially complete. This consolidation process has resulted in an industry structure that is more constructive for both the wireless carriers and communications infrastructure over the long term. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. We expect that our churn rate in our U.S. & Canada property segment will remain elevated for a period of several years due to contractual lease cancellations and non-renewals by T-Mobile. We will continue to actively monitor the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions as may be required by governmental authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, and business partners. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. We have master lease agreements with many of our tenants for our communications sites that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of non-contractual churn. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases. We expect to periodically evaluate the carrying value of our Indian assets, which may result in the realization of additional impairment expense or other similar charges. We are exploring various strategic alternatives aimed at potentially reducing our exposure in India, including the sale of an equity interest in our India operations to one or more private investors. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications infrastructure and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications infrastructure. We believe that the cash generated by operating activities during the year ending December 31, 2023, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, and signed acquisitions. We may also repay or repurchase our existing indebtedness or equity from time to time. The increase in our operating profit was primarily attributable to increases in our segment gross margin, partially offset by increases in our segment selling, general, administrative, and development expenses. Our significant financing transactions included repayment of debt assumed in connection with the CoreSite acquisition and the issuance of convertible debentures. We believe that our site leasing revenue, which makes up the vast majority of our property segment revenue, is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. We expect to continue to deploy capital through our annual capital expenditure program, including land purchases and new site and data center facility construction, and through acquisitions.