We are the leading retailer and distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the Americas. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to inflation, fuel costs, wage rates, supply chain disruptions, hiring, and other economic conditions. Given the nature of these macroeconomic factors, we cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future. We believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. During fiscal 2022, failure and maintenance-related categories represented the largest portion of our sales mix, at approximately 84% of total sales categories continuing to comprise our largest set of categories. We see a slight decrease in the mix of sales of the discretionary category and a slight increase in the maintenance category compared to last year. The two statistics we believe have the closest correlation to our market growth over the long term are miles driven and the number of seven-year-old or older vehicles on the road. We believe as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. We have also experienced continued accelerated pressure on wages in the U.S. during fiscal 2022, attributed to regulatory changes and general market pressures. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties, and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. Our cash generated from operating activities, available cash reserves, and available credit, supplemented with our long-term borrowings, will provide ample liquidity to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support long-term growth initiatives. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due, and fund our share repurchases over the short term and long term. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. A downgrade in our credit or changes in the financial markets may limit the financial institutions' willingness to participate in these arrangements, which may result in the vendor wanting to renegotiate payment terms. We anticipate that we will rely primarily on internally generated funds and available borrowing capacity to support a majority of our capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and stock repurchases. We expect to increase the investment in our business as compared to fiscal 2022, directed primarily to our supply chain initiatives, which include expanded hub and mega hubs, as well as distribution center expansions and new stores. Our investments are expected to be impacted by different factors, including whether the building and land are purchased or leased and whether such buildings are located in urban or rural areas. We believe our investments in growth initiatives, including hub and mega hub expansion projects and new stores, will enhance our operational flexibility and adaptability in a changing market environment.