We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. The pace of the commercial market recovery remains impacted by government restrictions related to COVID-19, and we continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We are experiencing supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, and labor instability, which have contributed to significant earnings charges on a number of fixed-price development programs. We have closed our facilities in Russia and are focused on the safety of our employees while retaining the strength of our engineering talent through voluntary transfers to other countries. We continue to monitor developments and potential Boeing impacts, taking mitigating actions as appropriate. The current environment is affecting the financial viability of some airlines, and we expect to face a challenging environment in the near- to medium-term. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand, including economic growth and increased trade. Our commercial market outlook projects a 3.8% growth rate for passenger and cargo traffic over a 20-year period. We continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies due to supplier disruption and factory performance. The war in Ukraine continues to impact our airline and lessor customers, and we have recorded earnings charges primarily related to asset impairments. We are focused on ensuring our operational continuity and maintaining the integrity of our supply chain. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, reflecting the important role our products and services have in ensuring national security. We are also experiencing intense pressures on pricing and competition, which we expect to continue or intensify in the coming years. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. The demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of aircraft continues to grow, and airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve productivity. We expect BGS commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry continues to recover. We continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs and trade agreements that may impact the company. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks, including changes to the program accounting quantity, production costs, and regulatory requirements. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended.