Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We connect consumers who wish to make travel reservations with travel service providers around the world through our online platforms. The COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting implementation of travel restrictions by governments around the world resulted in a significant decline in travel activities and consumer demand for related services. Since the beginning of the second quarter of 2020 and through 2022, changes in accommodation room nights versus the comparable period in 2019 have generally improved as government-imposed travel restrictions have eased, vaccines and other medical interventions have become more widespread, and consumer demand for travel has generally rebounded. We believe the continued easing of government-imposed travel restrictions in many countries throughout the world in 2022 helped drive an increase in the mix of our room nights booked for international travel versus 2021. We focus on relentless innovation to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. As part of these ongoing efforts, we have a long-term strategy to build a seamless offering of multiple elements of travel, allowing us to provide a more tailored and flexible consumer experience, which we refer to as the "connected trip," and we expect these efforts to increase room night growth and revenue growth over time. We may see a negative impact on our operating margins in the near term as we incur the expenses associated with connected trip-related investments. The competition for technology talent in our industry is intense, and this level of competition could continue in the future. As a result of the competitive labor market and inflationary pressure on compensation, our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent are increasing, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our total marketing expenses were $6.0 billion in 2022, up 58% versus 2021 and up 21% versus 2019 as a result of the improving demand environment and our efforts to invest in marketing. Our marketing expenses, which are substantially variable in nature, increased significantly in 2022 compared to 2021, due primarily to the continued improvement in travel demand as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic lessened in 2022 versus 2021. We believe that providing an extensive collection of properties, excellent customer service, and an intuitive, easy-to-use consumer experience are important factors influencing a consumer's decision to make a reservation. We may experience lower profit margins due to additional costs, such as increased customer service costs, related to offering alternative accommodations on our platforms. Our businesses outside of the U.S. represent a substantial majority of our financial results, but because we report our results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We generally enter into derivative instruments to minimize the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required in sufficient amounts and on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to compete or our future growth prospects, financial condition, and results of operations.