BlackRock's strategy continues to be guided by the company's clients' needs and focus on the long-term, which the company believes better enables it to deliver durable returns for shareholders and create value for all of its stakeholders. BlackRock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client, and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The diversity of BlackRock's platform facilitates the generation of organic growth in various market environments, and as client preferences evolve. BlackRock believes it is well positioned for a higher rate environment due to the breadth, diversification, and investment performance of its fixed income platform. The company’s long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of BlackRock, accelerate growth in ETFs, illiquid alternatives, and technology, deliver whole portfolio solutions, and become the global leader in sustainable investing. BlackRock's framework for long-term shareholder value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. Anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock is creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, digital asset platforms, trading systems, and others, who can work with clients in their Aladdin environments to provide a more customized and seamless end-to-end experience. The company believes its strategy aligns with expected future client demand for attractive yields in fixed income, outsourcing solutions, ETFs, private markets, and Aladdin technology, which it expects will continue to shape growth opportunities going forward. BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. BlackRock manages $2.5 trillion in fixed income assets, nearly two-thirds of which are owned by institutions for strategic or liability-matching purposes. The company’s ability to develop new products and services that address client preferences, along with its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, enables it to deliver more consistent outcomes for clients over the long term. BlackRock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet client needs in all market environments and provide clients with choice in how they seek to achieve their unique financial goals. The company’s longstanding model of choice helps clients build portfolios to match the preferences and goals unique to each of them. BlackRock's commitment to providing clients with choice and executing in accordance with their chosen objectives reflects its resilience strategies and mechanisms for maintaining operational continuity and adaptability in a rapidly changing business environment.