Economic trends uncertainty around inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, monetary policy, and changes in tax laws could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face, including the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. Existing and future potential geopolitical dynamics, including matters related to the Russia/Ukraine war, as well as the tension between China/Taiwan, may create economic, supply chain, energy, and other challenges, which impact, and may in the future negatively impact our business. In particular, international conflicts may result in sanctions, tariffs, and other measures that restrict international trade and negatively affect our business operations and results. In 2022, we experienced increases in cost and limited availability of raw materials, components, and other inputs necessary to manufacture and distribute our products due to constraints and inflation within the global supply chain. While the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts may continue to negatively impact our performance to an extent, we continue to believe our long-term fundamentals remain strong and we intend to manage through these challenges with strategic focus and the winning spirit of our global team. We have reorganized our operational structure and have aggregated our core businesses, each of which generate revenues from the sale of medical devices into two reportable segments. Our operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth driven by our product portfolio coupled with growth in the underlying markets in which we compete and strong commercial execution. We remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. Our restructuring plan was intended to support our effort to improve operating performance and meet anticipated market demands by ensuring that we were appropriately structured and resourced to deliver sustainable value to patients and customers. The implementation of the 2023 restructuring plan is intended to meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. We expect a substantial portion of the savings from this plan to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1A. Macroeconomic conditions, adverse tax and litigation matter outcomes, and other risks and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans. We have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise-level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our board of directors. We have taken steps to better understand our readiness, including the resilience of our critical business functions, with the goal of reducing the impact if such an event were to occur. Our approach is aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and our material topics and practices are informed by a broad range of internal and external stakeholders. We are focused on a strategy to cut energy use, convert to renewable energy sources, and compensate with carbon offset projects where needed. We have committed to a goal of carbon neutrality for scope 1 and scope 2 carbon emissions in our manufacturing and key distribution sites by 2030. Our global headquarters and U.S. distribution center utilize solar energy from on-site installations. We assess our internal control over financial reporting as effective at a reasonable assurance level based on established criteria. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.