The company continues to monitor a variety of external factors around the world, such as supply chain disruptions, inflationary cost and labor pressures. Contingency plans have been developed and continue to be modified to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet increasing customer demand. We expect continued weakness in China in the excavator industry above 10-tons, which we anticipate to remain below 2022 levels due to low construction activity. In addition, we discuss how certain accounting principles, policies, and critical estimates affect our consolidated financial statements. We expect a seasonal build in dealer inventory in the first quarter of 2023. We anticipate production and utilization levels will remain elevated, and our autonomous solutions continue to gain momentum. The energy transition is expected to support increased commodity demand, expanding our total addressable market and providing opportunities for profitable growth. We expect sales to increase compared to 2022, supported by favorable price realization. We currently expect to see moderation of price realization and input cost inflation throughout 2023. Pricing actions from 2022 will continue to impact 2023, and we will evaluate future actions as appropriate to offset inflationary pressures. The increase in SG&A/R&D expenses was driven by investments aligned with the company's strategy for profitable growth, which included services growth and technology, such as digital, electrification, and autonomy. We continue to assess the environment and are taking appropriate price actions in response to rising costs. The increase in sales volume was driven by the impact from changes in dealer inventories, increased services, and higher sales of equipment to end users. We expect dealer inventories to be about flat in 2023 compared to 2022. We expect to incur about $100 million of restructuring costs in 2023 primarily related to strategic actions to address a small number of products. We expect that prior restructuring actions will result in an incremental benefit to operating costs, primarily costs of goods sold and SG&A expenses of about $100 million in 2023 compared with 2022. The company took a goodwill impairment charge of $925 million and restructuring costs of $193 million related to the rail division, both primarily non-cash items. The goodwill impairment charge is related to a lower outlook for the company's locomotive offerings. The restructuring costs were primarily related to write-downs in the value of inventory. We have separately quantified the impact of several significant items. We are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS, and tax years 2017 to 2019 are currently under examination. The company recognizes mark-to-market gains and losses immediately through earnings upon the remeasurement of our pension and OPEB plans. The effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions are considered actuarial gains or losses. We utilize a mark-to-market approach in recognizing actuarial gains or losses immediately through earnings upon the annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement. The primary factors that resulted in mark-to-market losses (gains) for 2022, 2021, and 2020 are described below. The company defines financial products as our finance and insurance subsidiaries, primarily Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial) and Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc. (insurance services). The segment also provides insurance and risk management products and services that help customers and dealers manage their business risk. The various forms of financing, insurance, and risk management products offered to customers and dealers help support the purchase and lease of Caterpillar equipment.