We continue to evolve and upgrade our network to provide higher internet speeds and reliability and invest in our products and customer service platforms. In 2022, we made targeted investments in employee wages and benefits inside of our operations to build employee skill sets and tenure as well as continued to invest in digitization of our customer service platforms and proactive maintenance all with the goal of improving the customer experience, reducing transactions and driving customer growth. We expect that over time, our rural construction initiative will support customer growth and in 2022, we constructed over 200,000 rural passings. By continually improving our product set and offering consumers the opportunity to save money by switching to our services, we believe we can continue to penetrate our expanding footprint and attract more spend on additional products for our existing customers. We believe spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives and increase profitability and cash flow over time. We also expect to continue to see negative free cash flow from the timing of device-related cash flows when we sell devices to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans and capital expenditures related to cbrs build-out. The increase in operating costs and expenses was attributable to higher bad debt, adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits to build a more skilled and longer tenured workforce and fuel costs. We continue to invest in our ability to provide a differentiated internet connectivity experience for our mobile and fixed internet customers with the availability of over 500,000 out of home wifi access points across our footprint. We expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. Our projected cash needs and projected sources of liquidity depend upon, among other things, our actual results, and the timing and amount of our expenditures. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies, and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. The increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to the rural construction initiative of $1.8 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022. As we continue to grow our market penetration of our mobile product, we will continue to experience negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we sell devices to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans. We actively review potential acquisitions, swaps or dispositions against our objectives, including improving operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets. We expect to continue to buy back our common stock consistent with our leverage target range, and the timing of any purchases that may occur cannot be predicted and will largely depend on market conditions and other potential uses of capital.