We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. Should our business deteriorate due to changing conditions, there are actions we can take to further conserve liquidity. We have not required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards and because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of various fresh ingredients. Our total capital expenditures for 2022 were $479.2 million. In 2022, we spent on average about $1.2 million in development and construction costs per new restaurant, or about $1.1 million net of landlord reimbursements of $0.1 million. We expect approximately $135 million in capital expenditures related to investments in existing restaurants including remodeling and similar improvements, new equipment and hardware, technology to optimize efficiencies. We expect that at least 80% of our new restaurants will include a chipotlane. The significant factors contributing to the total revenue increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, were comparable restaurant sales increases and new restaurant openings. Digital sales represented 39.4% of food and beverage revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 45.0% of food and beverage revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in digital sales as a percentage of food and beverage revenue is primarily related to the increase of in-restaurant sales discussed above. Seasonal factors cause our profitability to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Unexpected publicity impacting our business in a positive or negative way, worldwide health pandemics, fluctuations in food or packaging costs, or the timing of menu price increases or promotional activities and other marketing initiatives may influence our quarterly results. Our results of operations as a percentage of total revenue and period-over-period change are discussed in the following section. We expect to utilize cash flow from operations to repurchase additional shares of our common stock subject to market conditions; invest in, maintain, and refurbish our existing restaurants; and for general corporate purposes. We believe these metrics are useful to investors because management uses these metrics to assess the growth of our business and the effectiveness of our marketing and operational strategies. Our restaurant operating costs decreased as a percentage of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to sales leverage and, to a lesser extent, lower delivery expenses associated with lower volume of delivery transactions, partially offset by wage inflation and higher commodity inflation primarily from avocados, packaging, dairy, beef, and chicken. We are involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. We record an accrual for legal contingencies when we determine that it is probable that we have incurred a liability and we can reasonably estimate the amount of the loss. Our estimates of future revenues and expenses are highly subjective judgments based on internal projections and knowledge of our operations, historical performance, and trends in sales and restaurant operating costs, and can be significantly impacted by changes in our business or economic conditions. The determination of asset fair value is also subject to significant judgment and utilizes valuation techniques including discounting estimated future cash flows and market-based analyses to determine fair value. If our estimates or underlying assumptions change in the future, our operating results may be materially impacted.