We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes, and services diesel, natural gas, electric, and hybrid powertrains and powertrain-related components. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our operations are affected by geopolitical risks, currency fluctuations, political and economic uncertainty, public health crises, and regulatory matters. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or region on our consolidated results. We continue to experience supply chain disruptions, increased price levels, and related financial impacts, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The board continues to monitor and evaluate all of these factors and the related impacts on our business and operations, and we are diligently working to minimize the supply chain impacts to our business and to our customers. Our outlook reflects positive trends and challenges that could impact our revenue and earnings potential. We expect demand for pick-up, medium-duty, and heavy-duty trucks in North America to remain strong, and we believe market demand for trucks in India will continue to be strong. However, continued increases in material and labor costs, as well as other inflationary pressures, could negatively impact earnings. Our industry's sales continue to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages across multiple components categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. The completion of the Meritor acquisition impacted our liquidity and resulted in incremental interest expense for debt utilized in funding the transaction. We expect the planned separation of our filtration business will continue to result in incremental expenses. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We believe our access to capital markets, existing cash and marketable securities, operating cash flow, and revolving credit facilities provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund acquisitions, dividend payments, common stock repurchases, targeted capital expenditures, projected pension obligations, working capital, and debt service obligations. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. We continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs. We anticipate making total contributions of approximately $106 million to our global defined benefit pension plans in 2023. Our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 120 percent funded at December 31, 2022. The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates, and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. We are actively reviewing the plan investments and will pursue adjustments to the allocation when appropriate and necessary to align the assets more closely with our management's strategy and view of prudent and acceptable risk to the company, the plan, and its funding goals.