The following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to promote understanding of the results of operations and financial condition. We believe that the most important driver of our profitability is increasing net sales, particularly comparable sales. We have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items, and through online offerings. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact our business during 2022, albeit to a lesser extent. COVID-related and other supply and logistics constraints have continued to adversely affect some merchandise categories and are expected to do so for the foreseeable future. We believe that our cash and investment position and operating cash flows with capacity under existing and available credit agreements will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We opened 26 new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2022, and plan to open approximately up to 29 additional new warehouses, including four relocations, in 2023. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. We believe our gasoline business enhances traffic in our warehouses, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily from net sales and membership fees. Cash flows from investing activities are primarily related to capital expenditures. We opened 26 new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2022, and plan to open approximately up to 29 additional new warehouses, including four relocations, in 2023. The impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $1,762 compared to 2021. Our renewal rates continue to benefit from more members auto renewing and increased penetration of executive members, who on average renew at a higher rate. The effective tax rate for 2022 was impacted by net discrete tax benefits. We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and other international operating segments. We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix. The concept of resilience draws attention to systems as well as individuals, to partial maintenance of integrity and performance, to the opposite of brittleness, and to disturbances that vary both in scale and source.