We believe we contribute to disaster recovery and resilience in the communities we serve. For example, we mobilized our people, entered into emergency leases, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in the New York metropolitan area in the wake of Hurricane Ida in the fall of 2021. Our business is a critical enabler for the global re-use and recycling of vehicles, parts, and raw materials. We help decrease the total environmental impact of vehicles by extending their useful life, thereby avoiding the carbon emissions associated with the alternative of new vehicle and auto parts manufacturing. We have been deemed an essential business because our operations ensure the removal of vehicles from repair shops, impound yards, and streets and highways, enabling the critical function of road infrastructure. We adjusted our operating expenses to continue providing employment for our employees, service to our sellers, and process incoming vehicles for sale in future quarters. The pandemic may have an adverse effect on our future revenues, with the magnitude and timing of these effects dependent upon the extent and duration of suspended economic activity across our markets. We believe that the longer-term impact on our business will depend on potential adverse operational impacts from outbreaks of COVID-19 at any of our locations; additional outbreaks of COVID-19 in one or more of our geographic markets; a reduction in miles driven due to one or more factors relating to the COVID-19 pandemic; and further government actions in response to COVID-19 outbreaks that restrict business activity or travel. Our operating results were adversely affected by lower processed vehicle volume, but these adverse effects were more than offset by corresponding increases in vehicle average sales prices. We have generally seen vehicle assignment volumes steadily recovering; however, additional subsequent shelter-in-place orders have occasionally stalled or regressed the assignment volume commensurate with the severity and duration of such orders. Our primary source of working capital is cash operating results and debt financing. We expect to continue to use cash flows from operations to finance our working capital needs and to develop and grow our business. We anticipate acquiring and developing facilities in new regions, as well as the regions currently served by our facilities. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage. The increase in yard operations expenses resulted from an increase in volume as a result of the reopening of the United States economy combined with an increase in the cost to process each car. Severe weather events can impact our volumes, requiring increased use of our cash to pay out advances and handling costs of the additional business. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements in the foreseeable future. The timing and magnitude of growth through expansion and acquisitions are not predictable, but the opening of new greenfield yards is contingent upon our ability to locate property that meets our operational needs. We cannot predict how the pandemic will continue to develop or the extent to which it may have longer-term unanticipated impacts on our markets.