In fiscal 2022, we delivered growth in total revenue and strong profitability in a challenging environment impacted by significant supply constraints, rising component and related costs, and the Russia and Ukraine war. We remain focused on delivering innovation across our technologies to assist our customers in executing on their digital transformations. We have, and continue to take, multiple steps in order to mitigate the component shortages and deliver products to our customers. We believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities and continue to operate in a challenging macroeconomic and highly competitive environment. We continue to manage through significant supply constraints seen industry-wide due to component shortages caused, in part, by the COVID-19 pandemic. These shortages have resulted in increased costs, which have had a negative impact on our product gross margin and have resulted in extended lead times for us and our customers. We have taken a number of steps in order to mitigate the supply constraint related impacts including partnering with several of our key suppliers utilizing our volume purchasing ability and extending supply coverage. We believe these actions are helping us to optimize our access to critical components and meet customer demand for our products. We recognize the increased risks associated with our inventory and inventory purchase commitments as we balance the need to maintain supply chain flexibility to help ensure competitive lead times with the risk of inventory obsolescence due to rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. We continue to see solid demand across the majority of our portfolio. The ongoing effect of the Russia and Ukraine war are difficult to predict due to the other uncertainties identified in our risk factors. We have assessed the risk to the recoverability of our assets and other potential financial exposures in these countries. We have reserved for the non-recoverability of substantially all of our assets in Russia and Belarus. As a result, we have recognized certain non-recurring charges related to non-recoverability of certain assets, special personnel-related charges in order to support impacted employees, and severance and other exit-related costs. We are committed to driving a trusted customer experience through our innovation, choice, and people. Our strategy is to help our customers connect, secure, and automate to accelerate their digital agility in a cloud-first world. We expect that cash provided by operating activities may fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, the rate at which products are shipped, and the timing and collection of accounts receivable. We believe our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. Our ongoing consideration of all the factors described previously could result in impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. We believe the amount of our inventory and inventory purchase commitments is appropriate for our current and expected customer demand and revenue levels.