The company believes its integrated health care model increases access to quality care, delivers better health outcomes, and lowers overall health care costs. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the company provided expanded benefit coverage to its members, including cost-sharing waivers for COVID-19 related treatments, as well as assistance to members through premium credits, telehealth cost-sharing waivers, and other investments. The company's strong local presence and scale in communities across the country has enabled it to continue to play an indispensable role in the national response to COVID-19, providing seamless support for customers wherever they need it: in CVS locations, in their homes, and virtually. The company experienced increased prescription volume due to the greater use of 90-day prescriptions and early refills of maintenance medications, as well as increased front store volume as consumers prepared for the COVID-19 pandemic. The company also played a key role in supporting local communities through the administration of diagnostic testing and vaccinations in long-term care facilities and community-based testing sites in underserved areas. The company believes that the impact of COVID-19 on its businesses, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition will be driven by the severity and duration of the pandemic, as well as the pandemic's impact on the U.S. and global economies, consumer behavior, and health care utilization patterns. The company has undertaken initiatives to evaluate its corporate office real estate space in response to a new flexible work arrangement, resulting in office real estate optimization charges. The company is expected to benefit from enterprise-wide cost savings initiatives aimed at reducing the operating cost structure while improving the consumer experience. The company continuously assesses its regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, and potential future investments or acquisitions. The company maintains a level of liquidity sufficient to meet its cash needs in the short term and manages its cash and capital structure to maximize shareholder return and maintain flexibility for future strategic initiatives. The company believes its operating cash flows, commercial paper program, credit facilities, and potential future borrowings will be sufficient to fund future payments and long-term initiatives. The company has also recorded losses on assets held for sale related to its long-term care business and has undertaken strategic reviews to ensure it has the right kinds of stores in the right locations for consumers and the business. The company’s operational flexibility has been demonstrated through its ability to adapt to changing market conditions and consumer needs, which is critical for maintaining organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions. The company’s strategic initiatives focus on enhancing its capabilities, improving operational management, and ensuring effective resource allocation to support its major objectives and long-term growth.