In fiscal 2022, we believe we are well-positioned to meet changing market conditions with our affordable product offerings and lot supply, and we will manage our home pricing, sales incentives, and number of homes in inventory based on the level of homebuyer demand. Our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position to maximize the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions. We are developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. We are maintaining a significant cash balance and strong overall liquidity position while controlling our level of debt. Our strategy includes actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk and modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices, and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability. We are focused on delivering high-quality homes and a positive experience to our customers both during and after the sale, managing our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, and ensuring that our financial services business provides high-quality mortgage and title services to homebuyers efficiently and effectively. We are investing in lots, land, and land development in desirable markets while controlling the level of land and lots we own in each market relative to the local new home demand. Our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We are also controlling the cost of goods purchased from both vendors and subcontractors and improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales, and other key operational activities. We are managing our selling, general, and administrative expense infrastructure to match production levels and ensuring that our financial services operations are positioned to adapt to market fluctuations. Our capital resources and liquidity allow us to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions, and we are maintaining significant homebuilding cash balances to support the increased scale and level of activity in our business. We have a comprehensive approach to risk management, including evaluating potential acquisitions to enhance our operating platform and assessing our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is reflected in our operational flexibility and strategic initiatives designed to optimize returns and cash flows. We are committed to maintaining our operational continuity and organizational effectiveness in the face of external pressures and market volatility, ensuring that we can confront challenges and capitalize on opportunities as they arise.