As previously announced, on November 20, 2022, Robert A. Iger returned to the company as Chief Executive Officer and a director, with a mandate from the company's board of directors "to set the strategic direction for renewed growth and to work closely with the board in developing a successor to lead the company at the completion of his term." The company anticipates that Mr. Iger will initiate organizational and operating changes within the company to address the board's goals. While the plans are in early stages, changes in structure and operations can be expected. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the company significantly, affecting various segments, particularly where theme parks and resorts were closed, and cruise ship sailings were suspended. Operations resumed at various points since May 2020, but many businesses continue to experience impacts from COVID-19, including increased expenses and capacity restrictions. The company has incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to address government regulations and the safety of employees, guests, and talent. The impact of COVID-19 related disruptions on financial and operational results will depend on the unknowable duration and severity of the pandemic and governmental actions. The company believes that its financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and upcoming debt maturities. The company could undertake measures to ensure sufficient liquidity, such as suspending or reducing capital spending or implementing furloughs or reductions in force. The company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, which assists investors in evaluating changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses. The increase in operating cash flow at Disney Parks, Experiences and Products was due to higher operating cash receipts driven by increased revenue, partially offset by higher operating cash disbursements due to increased operating expenses. The company has taken an intentionally flexible approach to distribution, refining and adjusting plans that may impact the results of operations of the businesses within Disney Media and Entertainment Distribution. The company recognizes the importance of resilience strategies and mechanisms to adapt to environmental disruptions and maintain operational continuity. The restructuring and change in business strategy, once determined, could result in impairment charges. The company’s ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is critical for maintaining performance under pressure and ensuring organizational survival. The company has incurred restructuring and impairment charges primarily due to asset impairments and severance costs related to business changes, reflecting the need for strategic adaptation in response to external pressures. The company’s approach to risk management and operational flexibility is essential for navigating complex situations and ensuring organizational effectiveness amid ongoing challenges.