At Duke Energy, we remain focused on continuing to advance our clean energy transition while maintaining affordability and reliability for our customers and delivering on our commitments to our communities, employees, investors, and other stakeholders. In 2022, we continued to make progress, navigating rising interest rates, volatile commodity prices, and other macroeconomic headwinds while meeting our near-term financial commitments, executing on our strategic priorities, responding to severe weather and external events, and continuing to provide the safe and reliable service that our communities depend on. Our grid improvement programs continue to be a key component of our growth strategy. Modernization of the electric grid, including smart meters, storm hardening, self-healing, and targeted undergrounding, helps to ensure the system is better prepared for severe weather, improves the system's reliability and flexibility, and provides better information and services for customers. We successfully navigated supply chain challenges, including inflation, longer lead times, and shortages of solar panels and other equipment, by executing longer supply agreements and proactively securing equipment for hurricane season. Our ability to effectively handle all facets of the 2022 storm response efforts, including navigating ongoing macroeconomic challenges and supply chain constraints, is a testament to our team's extensive preparation and coordination, applying lessons learned from previous storms. We have received over 20 emergency response awards since 1998, reflecting our operational resilience and commitment to recovery from disruptive events. Our climate strategy is our business strategy, focusing on investing in new and existing carbon-free technology, modernizing our gas and electric infrastructure, and expanding and integrating efficiency and demand management programs. We are actively working to advocate for research and development and deployment of carbon-free, dispatchable resources, including longer-duration energy storage and advanced nuclear technologies. The legislation established a framework overseen by the North Carolina Utilities Commission to advance state CO2 emission reductions through least cost planning while prioritizing affordability and reliability for our customers. In addition, we have adopted a goal of reducing scope 2 and certain scope 3 emissions by 50% by 2035, on the way to net-zero by 2050. The successful execution of our strategic initiatives demonstrates our organizational capabilities to adapt and thrive under challenging conditions, ensuring operational continuity and resilience in the face of external pressures. Our commitment to stakeholder engagement and collaboration networks enhances our organizational strength and supports our future planning efforts. We are continuously evaluating the impacts of regulatory and legislative outcomes on our operations to maintain our competitive advantage. The proactive measures we have implemented to address environmental disruptions and operational challenges illustrate our organizational resilience and capacity for transformation in a rapidly changing business environment.