The impact of the pandemic continues to evolve, and estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, requiring judgment. These estimates and assumptions may change in future periods and will be recognized in the consolidated financial information as new events occur and additional information becomes known. We have recorded inventory reserves for excess sanitizer inventory and estimated disposal costs. We also recorded charges related to employee testing and expenses during the pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic is continuing to affect major economic and financial markets, and industries are facing challenges with economic conditions resulting from efforts to address the pandemic, including supply shortages and inflation. Concerns remain that our markets could see a resurgence of cases triggering additional government-mandated lockdowns or similar restrictions on activity. These conditions have had and may continue to have a negative impact on market conditions and customer demand throughout the world. In light of Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the sanctions against Russia by the United States and other countries, we have made the determination that we will limit our Russian business to operations that are essential to life, providing minimal support for our healthcare, life sciences, food and beverage, and certain water businesses. We incurred charges primarily related to recoverability risk of certain assets in both Russia and Ukraine. Our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. We continue to generate cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, investments in the business, acquisitions, debt repayments, pension obligations, and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. We remain committed to maintaining "A" range ratings metrics over the long term, supported by our current credit ratings. Our cash flow from continuing operations was $1.8 billion in 2022 compared to $2.1 billion in 2021. The increase in working capital is primarily driven by past due receivables higher than last year due to pricing and energy surcharge rollout. Additionally, inventory impacted by the inflationary environment and higher stock holding to mitigate supply disruption. We have made immaterial changes to our segment reporting, including the movement of certain customers and cost allocations between reportable segments. Our reported gross margin was 37.8%, compared to 40.2% in 2021. The decrease primarily reflected accelerating pricing that was more than offset by higher delivered product costs and unfavorable mix. We have recorded restructuring charges related to various programs aimed at enhancing our operational effectiveness and adapting to market conditions. The Europe program targets annualized pre-tax savings after completion of the program, with expected charges primarily related to severance and asset disposals. The institutional advancement program is intended to enhance our sales and service structure while maximizing service effectiveness. The accelerate 2020 plan aims to leverage technology and structural improvements to simplify and automate processes, reduce complexity, and focus on key long-term growth areas. We evaluate the performance of our international operations based on fixed currency rates of foreign exchange. We have entered into contractual arrangements to manage foreign currency exposure and interest rate risks, and we do not enter into derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. Our use of derivatives is subject to internal policies designed to reduce volatility associated with movements in foreign exchange and interest rates on our income statement and cash flows.