On May 18, 2022, our shareholders approved a proposal to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation to change our name from Anthem, Inc. to Elevance Health, Inc., effective June 27, 2022. We began operating as Elevance Health, Inc. and trading under our new ticker symbol "ELV" on June 28, 2022. Elevance Health is a health company with the purpose of improving the health of humanity, serving approximately 47.5 million medical members through our affiliated health plans as of December 31, 2022. We are evaluating and making changes to how we manage our business, which included a review of the products in each of our operating segments, resulting in restructurings between some of our operating segments. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale and provide access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, putting pressure on the healthcare system, impacting our membership, benefit expense, and member behavior. We will continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and assess and mitigate potential adverse impacts to our business. Our strategy has been to participate in rating regions where we have confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, considering factors such as expected financial performance and regulatory environment. We expect to expand our participation in the individual state- or federally-facilitated marketplaces for 2023. The continuing growth in our government-sponsored business exposes us to increased regulatory oversight. We strive to price our health benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical cost trends and continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts on our pricing. Our results of operations depend largely on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers, product pricing, medical management, and health and wellness programs. We work to mitigate medical cost trends through various medical management programs, including care and condition management. The COVID-19 pandemic caused a decrease in utilization of non-COVID-19 health services, which decreased our claim costs in 2020, but as the pandemic continued, our non-COVID-19 healthcare utilization experience gradually increased and largely normalized. We have initiated enterprise-wide initiatives to optimize our business, which we believe represent the next step forward in becoming a more agile organization. We are committed to maintaining our financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities. Our investment strategy seeks to minimize volatility in our expense and cash flow while producing a reasonable return. We are in compliance with all applicable mandatory risk-based capital requirements and liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association. Our ability to borrow under our credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants, and we believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash, and investments will be sufficient for future operations and commitments. We do not have any off-balance sheet derivative instruments or other contractual arrangements that will require funding in future periods.