This annual report on Form 10-K contains various forward-looking statements and includes assumptions concerning Emerson's operations, future results, and prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Management believes that the financial statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2022, have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances. The company's disclosure controls and procedures ensure that material information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized, and communicated to management. Management relies on a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization. Although the design of this system recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur, management believes that the company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process and meets periodically with management and the company's internal auditors to review the work of each and monitor the discharge of responsibilities. The company maintains a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve strategic objectives and has been successful in efficiently deploying cash to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. Emerson is in a strong financial position, with total assets of $36 billion and stockholders' equity of $10 billion, and has the resources available for reinvestment in existing businesses, strategic acquisitions, and managing its capital structure. The company continues to generate substantial operating cash flow, with over $2.9 billion in each of the last three years, and cash flows are expected to be sufficient for at least the next 12 months to meet operating requirements. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet its needs for the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or its $3.5 billion revolving backup credit facility. Operating cash flow for 2022 was $2.9 billion, a decrease reflecting higher working capital due to increased sales and ongoing supply chain constraints. The increase in operating working capital as a percent of sales is due to higher inventory levels to support sales growth and reflects ongoing supply chain constraints. The company expects its remaining businesses will continue to generate significant cash flows that will be available to support the return of cash to shareholders and reinvest for future growth. The fiscal 2023 outlook assumes order strength and backlog to support sales growth, with consolidated net sales from continuing operations expected to be up 7 to 9 percent. The company expects to recognize a pretax gain upon the completion of the transaction related to the divestiture of its climate technologies business. The company has taken significant actions to accelerate the transformation of its portfolio through strategic acquisitions and divestitures of non-core businesses, which are integral components of Emerson's growth and value creation strategy. These actions were undertaken to create a higher growth and cohesive industrial technology portfolio as a global automation leader serving a diversified set of end markets with differentiated capabilities.