The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted nearly all aspects of our business and markets, including our workforce and the operations of our customers, suppliers, and business partners. Our priority has been to maintain access for patients to our life-saving technologies while providing continuous front-line support to our clinician partners and protecting the well-being of our employees. Our manufacturing operations have continued to respond to impacts related to COVID-19, and we have been able to supply our technologies around the world. Across the organization, we are proactively managing inventory, assessing alternative logistics options, and closely monitoring the supply of components to address potential supply constraints. Despite the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, our dedicated field teams have found creative ways to support physicians, our engineers continued to advance innovation, and our colleagues worked diligently to keep our clinical trials on track. The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. In 2022, we invested 17.6% of our net sales in research and development. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven primarily by a 3.6 percentage point increase from the impact of our foreign currency hedging program. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current and long-term requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments. However, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. We continue to evaluate all possible remedies available to us, which could take several years to resolve. The severity and duration of the impact of these conditions on our business cannot be predicted. The increase in net sales of transcatheter aortic valve replacement products was driven by higher sales of the Edwards Sapien platform. During 2022, we continued to advance our early TAVR pivotal trial, studying the treatment of severe aortic stenosis patients before their symptoms develop. We have excluded from the table contingent milestone payments and other contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments or for which we can avoid making payment by unilaterally deciding to stop development of a product or cease progress of a clinical trial. We estimate that these contingent payments could be up to $810.0 million if all milestones or other contingent obligations are met. Our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash from operations, and amounts available under credit facilities. We have recorded $188.5 million of income tax liabilities related to the one-time transition tax that resulted from the enactment of the 2017 act. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, including estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time.