We believe the actions we have taken in recent years to build a solid balance sheet, successfully expand low-cost operations, and maintain flexible organic growth options while maintaining liquidity allow us to continue to execute our business plans in a prudent manner and preserve substantial future asset values. Our execution led to growth in consolidated copper and gold production and sales volumes when compared to the prior year. We closely monitor market conditions and will continue to adjust our operating plans, including capital expenditures, to protect our liquidity and preserve our asset values, as necessary. We are committed to maintaining the validation of all of our copper producing sites with the copper mark, a comprehensive assurance framework designed to demonstrate the copper industry's responsible production practices. We continue to advance greenhouse gas emissions reduction initiatives across our global operations and established our 2030 greenhouse gas reduction targets that collectively cover nearly 100% of our scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions. We are advancing efforts to improve copper recovery from our leach processes, including initiatives across our North America and South America operations to incorporate new applications, technologies, and data analytics. Our operations have been impacted by inflationary cost pressures, including increased costs for energy, sulfuric acid, and maintenance and supplies. We plan to continue to carefully manage costs and drive efficiencies to mitigate cost increases. The impact of price changes on 2023 consolidated unit net cash costs would approximate $0.04 per pound of copper for each $100 per ounce change in the average price of gold and $0.02 per pound of copper for each $2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum. We expect to maintain a solid balance sheet and strong liquidity position as we focus on building long-term value in our business, executing our operating plans safely, responsibly, and efficiently, and prudently managing costs and capital expenditures. We have significant mineral reserves, mineral resources, and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 111.0 billion pounds of copper, 26.9 million ounces of gold, and 3.53 billion pounds of molybdenum. We are engaged in various studies associated with potential future expansion projects primarily at our mining operations. The timing of future development will be dependent on market conditions, labor and supply chain considerations, and other economic factors. We are planning an expansion to double the concentrator capacity of the Bagdad operation, and we are advancing plans for expanded tailings infrastructure projects to support Bagdad's long-range plans. We continue to monitor the situation in Peru, where heightened tensions, protests, and social unrest have emerged, which could impact future operations. We believe substantial new mine supply development will be required to meet the goals of the global energy transition, and higher copper prices will be required to support new mine supply development. We are actively engaging in projects for additional domestic smelting capacity, which will mitigate the economic cost associated with the Indonesia smelter projects. Our financial policy is aligned with our strategic objectives of maintaining a solid balance sheet and increasing cash returns to shareholders while advancing opportunities for future growth. We expect cash dividends and distributions paid to noncontrolling interests to exceed $1.8 billion in 2023.