In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we undertook a number of actions to protect our employees, including restricting travel and directing many of our employees to work from home. We have seen certain impacts on our business and operations, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and capital and financial resources as of and during the year ended December 31, 2022. We observed continued supply chain challenges, including chip and other component shortages and increased costs for certain chips and other components and shipping, and we did not have enough inventory to promptly meet all demand for all products. In order to mitigate supply chain disruptions and other supply chain risks and in anticipation of future demand, we increased our commitments with certain suppliers to secure capacity and are meeting regularly with our contract manufacturers and component suppliers to manage future commitments, address component shortages and monitor delivery. We have also transitioned primarily to air shipping to avoid port congestion and extended ocean freight time. Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impact on customer behavior. Worsening economic conditions, including inflation, higher interest rates, slower growth, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and other changes in economic conditions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance. We continue to monitor and respond to developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic may have a material negative impact on our future periods. If we experience component, shipping, inventory or customer payment challenges, it will negatively impact billings and product revenue in the current quarter and Fortiguard and Forticare service revenues in subsequent quarters, as we sell annual and multi-year service contracts that are recognized ratably over the service term, generally starting on the contract registration date. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on ongoing developments, including the duration and spread of the virus and its variants, the impact on our end-customers' spending, the volume of sales and length of our sales cycles, the impact on our partners, suppliers, and employees, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities and other factors identified in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K. We expect to continue to increase our data center, office and warehouse capacity to support growth and the expansion of existing services or introduction of new services. We have also recognized revenue from customers who deploy our products in a bring-your-own-license arrangements at cloud providers or at private clouds. Our customers purchase our hardware products and software licenses, as well as our Fortiguard and other security subscription and Forticare technical support services. We have seen an increase in expenses related to travel and marketing events as certain country's restrictions continued to ease. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash flow from operations will be sufficient for at least the next 12 months to meet our requirements and plans for cash, including meeting our working capital requirements and capital expenditure requirements. We expect our cash tax payments to increase as a result of a provision in the TCJA requiring taxpayers to capitalize and amortize research and development expenses for tax purposes, other tax law changes and our expected growth. We have also significantly increased our commitments as contract manufacturers and component suppliers significantly increased their pricing and lead times.