The automotive industry and GM continue to experience supply chain and logistics disruptions from multiple suppliers that have impacted, and may continue to impact, our planned production schedules. Despite these challenges, in the second half of 2022, we experienced improved parts availability that enabled us to increase production and improve dealer inventory levels for certain vehicles. We also face continuing market, operating and regulatory challenges in several countries across the globe due to, among other factors, competitive pressures, heightened emission standards, potentially weakening economic conditions, labor disruptions, foreign exchange volatility, evolving trade policy and political uncertainty. As we continue to assess our performance and the needs of our evolving business, additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required. These actions could give rise to future asset impairments or other charges, which may have a material impact on our operating results. The ongoing supply chain disruptions, macro-economic impact of COVID-19 and geopolitical tensions continue to place pressure on China’s automotive industry and our vehicle sales in China. We continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and government actions and measures taken to prevent its spread, and the potential to affect our operations. We expect to sustain relatively strong EBIT-adjusted margins in 2023 on the continued strength of vehicle pricing and healthy U.S. industry light vehicle demand, partially offset by elevated costs associated with commodities, raw materials and logistics. Our outlook is dependent on the pricing environment, continuing improvement of supply chain availability and overall economic conditions. We also continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. These actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations, as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions and investments with joint venture partners, as well as strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business. We anticipate making investments in suppliers or providing funding towards the execution of strategic, multi-year supply agreements to secure critical materials. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section and risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We continue to work closely with our supply base to mitigate any potential risks associated with external disturbances. The higher interest rate environment may decrease the affordability of our vehicles for customers who rely on financing to purchase a vehicle. We also expect commodity and logistics costs to improve, but be partially offset by costs we expect to incur as we strategically localize our battery raw materials supply chain in North America. The board of directors uses certain measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based compensation plans. We believe our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities and other liquidity actions currently available to us are sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements. We have substantial cash requirements going forward, which we plan to fund through our total available liquidity, cash flows from operating activities and additional liquidity measures, if determined to be necessary. Our material future uses of cash are focused on the three objectives of our capital allocation program: grow our business, maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet, and return available cash to shareholders.