The company is committed to providing high quality, convenient and cost-effective health care while growing its business and creating long-term value for stockholders. It strives to be the health care system of choice by developing comprehensive networks locally and supporting these networks with enterprise expertise and economies of scale. The strategy is organized around a framework that seeks to drive sustained growth by delivering operational excellence, attracting exceptional physicians and other health care professionals, developing comprehensive services, creating greater access, and coordinating higher quality care for patients. The company believes it is well positioned in large and growing markets that will allow for long-term growth through the expansion of its presence. It plans to continue recruiting and strategically collaborating with the physician community and developing comprehensive service lines. The company aims to achieve industry-leading performance in clinical, operational, and satisfaction measures, with high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction, and clinical quality as central goals. Initiatives such as infection reduction programs and advanced health information technology have been implemented to improve patient care and achieve cost efficiencies. The company recognizes the importance of recruiting and retaining health care professionals to meet the need for high-quality health services, believing that strategic collaboration with physicians and other health care professionals is critical for providing high-quality care. The company continues to invest in initiatives to improve coordination of care and patient retention across its markets. It is focused on pursuing a disciplined development strategy, believing there are significant growth opportunities in its markets. The company intends to focus on selectively developing and acquiring new hospitals and outpatient facilities to complement its growth agenda. The company acknowledges that the ongoing impact of COVID-19 has created uncertainties that could affect its operations and financial condition. It has experienced fluctuations in patient volumes and revenues due to various surges in COVID-19 cases, impacting comparisons for most operating statistics. The company expects inflationary pressures will continue to impact labor costs and operational expenses. It also recognizes that adverse changes in the percentage of patients with adequate health care coverage and trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage could affect the collection of accounts receivable, cash flows, and results of operations. The company has invested significant resources to refine and improve its billing systems and has developed standardized calculation processes to improve the utility of its patient accounting systems. The management believes that cash flows from operations, amounts available under senior secured credit facilities, and anticipated access to public and private debt markets will be sufficient to meet expected liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. The company is exposed to market risks related to changes in interest rates and the potential impact of fluctuations in interest rates on its financial position. It has implemented measures to mitigate risks associated with operational management and to enhance organizational resilience against external pressures and disruptions.