The discussion in this form 10-K generally focuses on fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021, reflecting the company's ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity. During fiscal 2022, we opened two new stores in the U.S. and four new stores in Mexico, demonstrating operational flexibility and strategic initiatives in response to external pressures. The decrease in our inventory turnover ratio was driven by an increase in average inventory levels during fiscal 2022 resulting from strategic investments to promote higher in-stock levels and pull forward merchandise in response to ongoing global supply chain disruption. We generated $14.6 billion of cash flow from operations, which reflects our organizational capabilities and resource generation to support operational continuity. Our cash position, cash flow generated from operations, and access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient to enable us to invest in the business, fund dividend payments, and fund share repurchases through the next several fiscal years. We follow a disciplined approach to capital allocation, prioritizing investing in the business, which is essential for maintaining organizational health and resilience. For fiscal 2023, we plan to invest approximately $3 billion back into our business in the form of capital expenditures, which aligns with our strategic adaptation to enhance long-term strategic positioning. Changes in working capital were driven by inventory management actions reflecting strategic investments in inventory to support the demand environment, promoting higher in-stock levels, and responding to global supply chain disruption. Our operating expenses increased, primarily reflecting leverage from a positive comparable sales environment and investments designed to drive efficiencies in our stores. The increase in comparable average ticket was primarily driven by inflation, as well as demand for new and innovative products, indicating our adaptability to changing customer needs. The increase in online sales during fiscal 2022 was a result of customers continuing to leverage our digital platforms, reflecting our ongoing investments to enhance these platforms and related fulfillment capabilities, which support our interconnected retail strategy. Our material cash requirements include contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business, and we believe we have the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing if necessary. The indentures governing our senior notes do not generally limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or require us to maintain financial ratios, which supports our strategic resilience. We also issue senior notes as part of our capital management strategy, with net proceeds used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of outstanding indebtedness and share repurchases. Our approach to capital allocation and strategic investments reflects our commitment to organizational resilience, enabling us to confront and benefit from sudden disruptive changes.