Our business environment has been impacted positively and negatively by global economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical events or conflicts. We continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates and inflation rates, as well as the uncertainty surrounding the extent and duration of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the impact that any of the foregoing may have on the global economy and on our business. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2022. Many of the data products we sell and services we provide are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. Our results of operations are affected by global economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical events or conflicts. We believe the Black Knight ecosystem adds value for clients of all sizes across the mortgage and real estate lifecycles by helping organizations lower costs, increase efficiencies, grow their businesses, and reduce risk. Our operational perspective indicates that our businesses, including our exchanges, clearing houses, listings venues, data services businesses, and mortgage platforms, have not suffered a material negative impact as a result of these events in Ukraine and the surrounding region. We expect the macro environment to remain dynamic in the near term. Our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses is aimed at mitigating uncertainties and building on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. The evolution of existing products and new product innovation serves emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements. We anticipate continued growth in the financial information services sector driven by increasing global regulatory demands, greater emphasis on risk management, and ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets. Our mortgage technology business is intended to enable greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans. The ICE mortgage technology network provides originators connectivity to the mortgage supply chain and facilitates the secure exchange of information between our customers and a broad ecosystem of third-party service providers, as well as lenders and investors that are critical to consummating the millions of loan transactions that occur on our origination network each year. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments, monitoring them on an ongoing basis, and executing agreements to protect our interests. Our investment objective is to invest in securities that preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. We seek to substantially mitigate the credit risk associated with investments by placing them with governments, well-capitalized financial institutions, and other creditworthy counterparties. We have a significant part of our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses recorded in pounds sterling or euros. As the pound sterling or euro exchange rate changes, the U.S. equivalent of revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies changes accordingly. Our exposure to foreign denominated earnings is presented by primary foreign currency. We may enter into foreign currency hedging transactions to help mitigate a portion of our foreign exchange risk exposure.