The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a reduction in economic activity across the globe, leading to new constraints in our supply chain. Supply chain lead times are extended and shortages have sometimes required us to plan further ahead and increase our purchase commitments to secure critical components on a timely basis. We continue to monitor our supply chain and work with our suppliers to identify and mitigate potential gaps to ensure continuity of supply. While all of our global manufacturing sites are currently operational, any local pandemic outbreaks or advent of new variants have required and could in the future require us to temporarily curtail production levels or temporarily cease operations based on government mandates or due to outbreaks affecting our manufacturing employees. We remain committed to the health and safety of our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, and communities, and are following government policies and recommendations designed to slow the spread of COVID-19. We are working with government authorities in the jurisdictions where we operate and continue to monitor our operations in an effort to ensure we follow government requirements, relevant regulations, industry standards, and best practices to help safeguard our team members while safely continuing operations to the extent possible at our sites across the globe. Our semiconductor customers generally operate in one or both of the major semiconductor device manufacturing markets: memory and foundry/logic. The pervasive and increasing needs for semiconductors in many consumer and industrial products, the rapid proliferation of new applications for more advanced semiconductor devices, and the increasing complexity associated with leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing drives demand for our process control and yield management solutions. The favorable end market dynamics are driving our customers to make increased investments in our process control and yield management solutions as part of their overall capital investment plans. These trends also drive demand for our other products, where the increase in technology complexity is expected to continue and further accelerate as more devices become interconnected and dependent on other electronic devices. We saw a general strengthening of demand for our products throughout fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022. While demand for our products remains strong, the recent macro-economic uncertainty and resulting impact on consumer demand is a development we are monitoring closely. We continue to see strong demand from our customers, and any push out or cancellation of deliveries by our customers could cause earnings volatility due to increases in risk of inventory-related charges as well as the timing of revenue recognition. Our business is affected by the concentration of our customer base and our customers' capital equipment procurement schedules as a result of their investment plans. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. To do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies. The increase in our gross margin from 59.9% to 61.0% during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, is primarily attributable to a higher revenue volume of products and services sold and a more profitable mix of products and services sold, partially offset by an increase in service and manufacturing costs. Our liquidity may be affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, spending for business acquisitions, and other factors such as uncertainty in the global and regional economies and the semiconductor, semiconductor-related, and electronic device industries.