Throughout this MD&A, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or GAAP, and are therefore referred to as non-GAAP financial measures. We believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars. Elevate our core business is our first pillar and is driven by delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities. Expanding our markets is our second pillar and emphasizes personal care. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation, and strong in-market execution. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Our strong legacy of financial discipline supports our growth strategy by driving ongoing supply chain productivity through our force program, controlling discretionary spending, driving down working capital, and maintaining the top-tier return on invested capital. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. The macro business environment experienced unprecedented volatility in recent years related to the continuing effect the global COVID-19 pandemic has had on supply and demand dynamics. The pandemic has significantly disrupted supply chains across the globe. A steep drop in aggregate demand at the beginning of the pandemic caused aggregate supply to sharply contract. When demand for goods resumed at the end of 2020, supply shortages led to record levels of inflation in commodities and other costs. In addition to inflation, logistics and distribution networks have been severely impacted by container and truck shortages and significant labor supply issues. These effects have caused challenges getting input materials into our production facilities, production delays, and delays and meaningfully higher costs to get products from our production facilities to our customers. Our results of operations have been, and we expect them to continue to be, affected by the volatility of global markets. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in developing and emerging markets. Some of these markets have greater political, economic, and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. We operate in many regions around the world where our businesses could be disrupted by climate change. Our climate change risk categories include risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy and risks related to the physical impacts of climate change. We continue to progress toward our 2030 sustainability goals, which include elements that aim for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, use of natural forest fibers, use of plastics, and use of water in water-stressed regions. Our ability to continue our operations in Russia may change as the situation evolves. We are actively monitoring the situation, and as the business, geopolitical, and regulatory environment concerning Russia evolves, we may not be able to sustain the limited manufacture and sale of our products. We are also monitoring the increased risk of cyber-based attacks as a result of the war in Ukraine and have implemented additional cybersecurity measures designed to address the evolving threat landscape. Our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We believe our strategic growth focus, sustainability initiatives, and continued investment in e-commerce capabilities position us well relative to these changing dynamics.