The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. We expect to invest $2.1 billion in expansion projects and contributions to joint ventures, or discretionary capital expenditures during 2023. The expectations for 2023 discussed above involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and are not guarantees of performance. Many of the factors that will determine these expectations are beyond our ability to control or predict, and because of these uncertainties, it is advisable not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. We routinely evaluate our estimates, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. Nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates, and any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. We utilize both internal staff and external experts to assist us in identifying environmental issues and in estimating the costs and timing of remediation efforts. Our accrual of environmental liabilities often coincides either with our completion of a feasibility study or our commitment to a formal plan of action, but generally, we recognize and/or adjust our probable environmental liabilities, if necessary or appropriate, following quarterly reviews of potential environmental issues and claims that could impact our assets or operations. We utilize both internal and external counsel in evaluating our potential exposure to adverse outcomes from orders, judgments or settlements. Any such liability recorded is revised as better information becomes available. Accordingly, to the extent that actual outcomes differ from our estimates, or additional facts and circumstances cause us to revise our estimates, our earnings will be affected. The selection of assumptions used in the actuarial calculations of our pension and OPEB plans is further discussed in note 10 "share-based compensation and employee benefits" to our consolidated financial statements. Actual results may differ from the assumptions included in these calculations, and as a result, our estimates associated with our pension and OPEB can be, and have been revised in subsequent periods. The income statement impact of the changes in the assumptions on our related benefit obligations are deferred and amortized into income over either the period of expected future service of active participants, or over the expected future lives of inactive plan participants. We make significant judgments and estimates in determining our provision for income taxes, including our assessment of our income tax positions given the uncertainties involved in the interpretation and application of complex tax laws and regulations in various taxing jurisdictions. Numerous and complex judgments and assumptions are inherent in the estimation of future taxable income when determining a valuation allowance, including factors such as future operating conditions and the apportionment of income by state. Our earnings for 2021 reflect impacts of the February 2021 winter storm that affected Texas, which are largely nonrecurring. We evaluate impairment of our long-lived assets when a triggering event occurs. Management applies judgment in determining whether there is an impairment indicator. Fair value calculated for the purpose of testing our long-lived assets, including intangible assets, goodwill and equity method investments, for impairment involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions regarding the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. The estimates and assumptions can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts.