The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance, value, and effect. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those discussed in "risk factors" and elsewhere in this 2022 Form 10-K. Our customer support business group provides products and services to maximize installed equipment performance, predictability, and operational efficiency. Several factors create opportunity for sustainable differentiation for us: our focus on research and development, with several ongoing programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility; our ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base; our collaborative focus with semi-ecosystem partners; our ability to identify and invest in the breadth of our product portfolio to meet technology inflections; and our focus on delivering our multi-product solutions with a goal to enhance the value of Lam's solutions to our customers. The increase in operating expenses in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 was mainly driven by higher employee-related costs as a result of increased headcount, supplies expense, rent, repair and utilities expense, and outside services spending. We believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and expertise in deposition, etch, and clean to facilitate some of the most significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. Risks and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic, broadening supply chain challenges, and inflationary pressures may continue to negatively impact our revenue and gross margin. While we have seen improvements in both our operations and those of our suppliers, we expect supply shortages as well as inflationary cost pressures to persist in at least the near term. Anticipated cash flows from operations based on our current business outlook, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments as of June 26, 2022, are expected to be sufficient to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, capital expenditures, capital redistributions, and dividends through at least the next twelve months. However, uncertainty in the global economy and the semiconductor industry, as well as disruptions in credit markets, have in the past, and could in the future, impact customer demand for our products, as well as our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. In the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. While we have substantial cash balances, we may require additional funding and need or choose to raise the required funds through borrowings or public or private sales of debt or equity securities. We believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has in the past caused disruption in the capital markets, and were it to do the same in the future, that could make any financing more challenging, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all.