We are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotel, residential, timeshare, and other lodging properties in 138 countries and territories under 30 brand names. We discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: (1) U.S. & Canada and (2) International. We believe revenue per available room ("RevPAR") is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. We also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("ADR") are meaningful indicators of our performance. Comparisons to prior periods are on a constant U.S. dollar basis. We continued to see strong global RevPAR improvement throughout 2022 despite Greater China continuing to be significantly negatively impacted by COVID-19. The global recovery continued across all customer segments, led by robust leisure demand as well as strengthening group demand. Although COVID-19's negative impact on our business has significantly decreased, we continue to monitor global economic conditions, and these conditions can change rapidly. We expect total gross rooms growth of approximately 5.5 percent and net rooms growth of 4.0 to 4.5 percent, including approximately 1.1 percent from the anticipated addition of rooms associated with the City Express brand acquisition. Our system grew from 7,989 properties at year-end 2021 to 8,288 properties at year-end 2022, reflecting gross additions of 394 properties and deletions of 94 properties. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations. The ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. Our credit facility supports our commercial paper program and general corporate needs. We classify outstanding borrowings under the credit facility and outstanding commercial paper borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. We believe the credit facility, and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our liquidity requirements. Our preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Changes in our assumptions, estimates, or assessments due to unforeseen events could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. The increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher RevPAR and unit growth. We earned incentive management fees from 61 percent of our managed properties worldwide, compared to 47 percent in 2021. Our segment results improved significantly compared to 2021 due to the continued recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of COVID-19. The increase in gross fee revenues primarily reflected higher comparable systemwide RevPAR driven by increases in both ADR and occupancy. We expect to continue to return cash to stockholders through a combination of share repurchases and cash dividends. Our material cash requirements include contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements, which are expected to have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow.