Our organizational structure also includes corporate, which consists of income and expenses associated with administrative functions and projects as well as the results of certain investments. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments on a number of measures, including revenues and operating profit (loss) before interest expense and income taxes. We continue to monitor and address the impacts on our supply chain which were initially related to the COVID-19 pandemic. We proactively work with manufacturers, industry partners, and government agencies to meet the needs of our customers. Overall, during fiscal 2023, we had an increase in supply chain costs primarily related to transportation and labor; however, this did not materially impact our results of operations. As potential shortages or disruptions of any products are identified, we address supply continuity, which includes securing additional products when available, sourcing back-up products when needed, and following allocation procedures to maintain and protect supply as much as possible. We utilize business continuity action planning to maintain and protect operations across all locations and facilities. Our role in the distribution of COVID-19 vaccines and ancillary supply kits as a diversified healthcare services leader has positioned us to respond effectively to the pandemic. We work closely with national and local governments, agencies, and industry partners to ensure that available supplies, including personal protective equipment, and medicine reach our customers and their patients. We have taken measures to mitigate risks for market price volatility and changes to anticipated customer demand that may require additional write-downs in future periods of other PPE and related product categories. We believe that we have valid defenses to the claims pending against us and, absent an acceptable settlement, intend to vigorously defend against all such claims. Our total estimated liability for opioid-related claims was $7.2 billion as of March 31, 2023, of which $548 million was included in "other accrued liabilities" for the amount estimated to be paid prior to March 31, 2024. We expect our available cash generated from operations and our short-term investment portfolio, together with our existing sources of liquidity through access to the debt market generally and from our credit facilities and commercial paper program, will be sufficient to fund our short-term and long-term capital expenditures, working capital, and other cash requirements. We remain well-capitalized with access to liquidity from our $4.0 billion 2022 credit facility. Our businesses require substantial investments in working capital that are susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. We anticipate total charges of approximately $125 million across our RXTS and U.S. pharmaceutical segments as well as corporate, consisting primarily of employee severance and other employee-related costs, facility and other exit-related costs, as well as long-lived asset impairments. This restructuring program is anticipated to be substantially complete by the end of fiscal 2024. We have experienced and may experience difficulties in sourcing products and changes in costs and pricing due to the effects of various socio-political events on supply chains. We periodically review our intangible and other long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative net operating losses in the most recent years, and our forecast of future taxable income.