Throughout the pandemic, we experienced an overall increase in demand and revenue growth as consumers increased their food purchases for in-home consumption in some markets, while parts of our business were negatively affected by related lockdowns and restrictions. We will continue to proactively manage our business in response to the evolving global economic environment and related uncertainty and business risks while also prioritizing and supporting our employees and customers. We continue to take steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology and assets. We are providing all of our employees with compensation and with help in securing shelter in neighboring countries, where required and needed. We are complying and will comply with applicable international sanctions and continue to evaluate the situation in Ukraine and Russia and our ability to control our operating activities and businesses on an ongoing basis. Our decision to suspend new capital investments in Russia has not had a material impact on our ability to meet demand within our Russian business during 2022. We believe the war in Ukraine has had a negative impact on our business throughout the rest of our Europe operating segment, but the impact of this is difficult to quantify. We continue to monitor existing and potential future tax reform around the world. We seek to achieve profitable, long-term growth and manage our business to attain this goal using our key operating metrics: organic net revenue, adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS. We believe it is useful to provide investors with the same financial information that we use internally to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and evaluate our business. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures should always be considered in relation to our GAAP results. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. Core snacks categories continued to expand due to the continued growth of snacking as a consumer behavior around the world. As part of our strategic plan, we seek to drive category growth by leveraging our local and consumer-focused commercial approach, making investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets and improving our availability across multiple channels. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets. Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts and financing costs. We manage these costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing and tax planning. We experienced significantly higher operating costs, including higher overall raw material, transportation, labor and fuel costs that have continued to rise. We believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facilities, short-term borrowings and our authorized long-term financing will continue to provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures and future payments of our contractual, tax and benefit plan obligations and payments for acquisitions, share repurchases and quarterly dividends. We expect to continue to utilize our commercial paper program and international credit lines as needed. Our investments in JDE Peet's and KDP also provide us additional flexibility. Overall, we do not expect negative effects to our funding sources that would have a material effect on our liquidity, and we continue to monitor our operations in Europe and related effects from the war in Ukraine.