MetLife is one of the world's leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits, and asset management. The company is organized into five segments: U.S.; Asia; Latin America; EMEA; and MetLife Holdings. Our outlook reflects the impacts of the adoption of targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts. We expect continued uncertainty to persist around inflation and a potential recession. Our investment portfolio is highly diversified and positioned to perform well in a variety of economic scenarios. We believe that our continued capital stress testing and longstanding commitment to liquidity position us to withstand a variety of economic conditions. We do not expect any material liquidity deficiencies and expect to remain able to comply with the financial covenants of our credit agreements. We continually review our assumptions, implement mitigation plans, and take precautions. The life insurance industry remains highly competitive, and insurers are increasingly seeking alternative sources of revenue. Financial strength and flexibility, as well as technology modernization, are prerequisites for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. The ability to adapt to changes in the competitive environment as a result of global market volatility, changing interest rates, uncertain economic conditions, and the COVID-19 pandemic is a significant differentiator for success in the life insurance industry. We actively manage our assets using an approach that is liability-driven and balances quality, diversification, asset/liability matching, liquidity, concentration, and investment return. The goals of the investment process are to optimize, net of income tax, risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return while ensuring that the assets and liabilities are reasonably aligned on a cash flow and duration basis. We establish portfolio guidelines that define ranges and limits related to asset allocation, interest rate risk, liquidity, concentration, and other risks for each major business segment. Our risk management process is supported by a risk appetite statement approved by the board of directors, and we operate under a "three lines of defense" model for managing risk. We have defined each material risk to which we are exposed and have established individual frameworks to monitor, manage, and report on the respective risks. We utilize various techniques to estimate the portion of an employee's time spent on qualifying acquisition activities that result in actual sales, including surveys, interviews, and representative time studies. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is reflected in our commitment to operational flexibility and adaptability in response to environmental perturbations. We continuously monitor and assess our investments for impairment and manage credit risk through fundamental credit analysis of the underlying obligors, issuers, transaction structures, and real estate properties. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, which are generally well-suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. We maintain a substantial short-term liquidity position, which includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. The company's approaches for managing liquidity and capital are designed to ensure that we can meet our financial obligations under various market conditions.