The COVID-19 pandemic has directly and indirectly impacted our business, with the duration and severity of this impact depending on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. We continue to prioritize ensuring product availability for our customers and consumers, a strategic direction that has remained in place throughout global supply chain challenges and disruptions. Despite these challenges, we stand by our strategy to solidify the continued long-term growth of our brands. The increase in cost of sales was primarily due to increased ingredient and other input costs, including logistical costs and geographical sales mix. We have implemented measures to mitigate increased costs through price increases and reductions in promotions, which positively impacted gross profit margins in the latter part of the year. Our growth strategy includes further developing our domestic markets, expanding our international business, and growing into new sectors, such as the alcohol beverage sector. We believe that the key value drivers of our business include international growth, profitable growth, cost management, and an efficient capital structure. Our commitment to consumers is reflected in our broad product line and a wide selection of diet, light, and low-calorie beverages. We continuously strive to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice, and variety. Our historical success is attributable, in part, to our introduction of different and innovative beverages that have been positively accepted by consumers. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences. We recognize that obesity and alcohol abuse are complex public health problems, and we are committed to addressing these challenges while managing the risks associated with our significant commercial relationships and the legislative environment. Our management has identified challenges and risks for the beverage industry, including economic uncertainty, changes in consumer preferences, and the impact of legislation on our products. We believe that opportunities exist for domestic and international growth potential, effective strategic positioning, and the introduction of new products designed to generate strong revenue growth. We continue to address controllable challenges in our supply chain and maintain substantial liquidity as we manage through the current environment. Our ability to absorb, mitigate, or pass on cost increases to our bottlers/distributors and customers is critical, as is our capacity to adapt to changing market conditions and consumer demands. We remain focused on enhancing our operational flexibility and maintaining our organizational effectiveness in the face of external pressures and disruptions. The successful execution of our growth strategy, including the integration of acquisitions, will be essential for our organizational resilience and long-term success.