In this MD&A section, we discuss factors that have impacted our business as of the date of this Form 10-K. We continue to monitor the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes. High rates of inflation occurred in 2022, driven by increasing global energy, commodity and food prices, which were further exacerbated by other factors, including supply and demand imbalances, labor shortages and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Volatility in domestic and global economies and disruptions in the supply and distribution chains are expected to continue in 2023, resulting from several factors, including the ongoing impacts of inflation, supply and demand imbalances across many sectors such as energy and commodities, raw materials availability and geopolitical events. We continue to work to mitigate the potential negative impacts of these macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics on our businesses through, among other actions, proactive engagement with current and potential suppliers and distributors, the development of alternative sourcing strategies, entry into long-term supply contracts, evolution of our safety, health and environmental protocols at our facilities and prudent oversight of our liquidity. Tobacco companies are subject to broad and evolving regulatory and legislative frameworks that could have a material impact on our business. We considered, among other factors, the impact of the FDA's actions in conducting our quarterly quantitative valuations of our investment in Juul during 2022. The adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes have impacted global businesses, including ABI, and the global markets in 2022, and we expect this dynamic to continue in 2023. We evaluated these and other factors related to the decline in the fair value of our equity investment in ABI below its carrying value, and concluded that the decline was other than temporary, which resulted in us recording a non-cash, pre-tax charge. While the impairment of our equity investment in ABI and reduction in the estimated fair value of our equity investment in Juul had a material adverse effect on our financial results in 2022, to date, our operating companies have not experienced any material adverse effects from the trends and developments discussed above. We will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business, investments and vision as the trends and developments discussed above evolve and new ones emerge. We expect inflation to continue at increased levels in 2023, and the extent of any effects on adult tobacco consumers' purchase behaviors depends in part on the magnitude and duration of such increased inflation levels. We continue to expect potential fluctuations in discount product share for cigarettes and MST products as price-sensitive adult tobacco consumers react to their economic conditions and will monitor the effect of these dynamics on adult tobacco consumers and their purchase behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases and adoption of smoke-free products. We believe it is a substantial opportunity for adult tobacco consumers, our businesses and society, as we are moving beyond smoking, leading the way in moving adult smokers away from cigarettes by taking action to transition millions to potentially less harmful choices.