Merck is working cross-functionally across the globe to monitor and mitigate interruptions to business continuity resulting from the war in Ukraine, including its impact on Merck's supply chain, operations, and clinical trials. The company continues to supply essential medicines and vaccines in Russia while working to maintain compliance with international sanctions. Merck's revenue in 2022 benefited from sales of Lagevrio, which were $5.7 billion. Although COVID-19-related disruptions had some negative effects on sales in 2022, Merck continues to believe that global health systems and patients have largely adapted to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Merck's capital allocation priorities are to make investments in its business to drive near- and long-term growth, including investing in opportunities to address important unmet medical needs and supporting the company's commercial opportunities. The company anticipates foreseeable liquidity and capital resource requirements to be met through existing cash and cash equivalents and anticipated cash flows from operations, as well as commercial paper borrowings and long-term borrowings if needed. The company is experiencing some minor disruption and volatility in its global supply chain network due to global macroeconomic conditions. These disruptions could increase in the future and cause delays in shipments of raw materials and packaging, as well as related cost inflation. Merck's strong financial profile enables it to fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products, and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. The company remains committed to its dividend and will continue to pursue the most compelling external science through value-enhancing business development transactions. Merck's 2022 results reflect sustained strong demand for the company's innovative product portfolio benefiting patients globally, enabled by strong operational and commercial execution, the completion of business development transactions to support its science-led strategy, as well as progress in its pipeline across therapeutic areas, modalities, and stages of development. The company continues to execute strategic business development opportunities to augment its robust internal pipeline with compelling external science. Merck is also using its resources to help alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, including through donations of funds and products. The financial impacts of the war were immaterial to the company's consolidated financial statements for 2022. The company is unable to determine at this time the future direct or indirect impacts of this war on the company's business. Merck's existing research pipeline programs continue to be owned and developed within Merck as planned. The company has made investments in opportunities to address important unmet medical needs and is focused on pursuing opportunities that have the potential to drive both near- and long-term growth. The company anticipates that actions and additional actions in the future will negatively affect sales and profits. The company is committed to maintaining operational continuity and adapting to environmental perturbations while ensuring the health and safety of its employees and customers.