We are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and solutions for the global investment community. Our mission-critical offerings help investors address the challenges of a transforming investment landscape and power better investment decisions. Leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data, and technology, we enable our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios. Our growth strategy includes extending leadership in research-enhanced content across asset classes, leading the enablement of ESG and climate investment integration, enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, expanding solutions that empower client customization, strengthening client relationships, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. We focus on revenue and profit growth, including results accounted for under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as well as non-GAAP measures, for the company as a whole and by operating segment. We present revenues disaggregated by types and by segments, which represent our major product lines. We also review expenses by activity, which provides more transparency into how resources are being deployed. In evaluating our financial performance, we utilize operating metrics including run rate, subscription sales, and retention rate to manage and assess performance and to provide deeper insights into the recurring portion of our business. A significant portion of the incentive compensation component of operating expenses is based on the achievement of a number of financial and operating metrics. In a scenario where operating revenue growth and profitability moderate, incentive compensation would be expected to decrease accordingly. We had 4,759 employees as of December 31, 2022, reflecting a 10.6% growth in the number of employees. Continued growth of our emerging market centers around the world is an important factor in our ability to manage and control the growth of our compensation and benefits costs. As of December 31, 2022, 65.0% of our employees were located in emerging market centers. Our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth. We believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing revolving credit facility and our ability to access bank debt and the capital markets for additional funds, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. The retention rate is an important metric because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our future operating revenues over time. The annual retention rate represents the retained subscription run rate as a percentage of the subscription run rate at the beginning of the fiscal year. This annualized cancellation figure is then divided by the subscription run rate at the beginning of the fiscal year to calculate a cancellation rate. In our product lines, retention rate is generally higher during the first three quarters and lower in the fourth quarter, as the fourth quarter is traditionally the largest renewal period in the year. We believe the estimates and judgments upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time these estimates and judgments are made. The change was driven by increases in non-compensation costs, primarily relating to higher information technology costs and professional fees, as well as increases in compensation and benefit costs, reflecting higher wages and salaries and higher severance costs.