In the fourth quarter of 2022, the memory and storage industry environment deteriorated sharply due to global and macroeconomic challenges combined with downward inventory adjustments by customers, leading to significant reductions in bit shipments and average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND, resulting in a 23% decline in revenue as compared to the third quarter of 2022. To address elevated inventory levels and reduce supply growth, in the first quarter of 2023, we are selectively reducing facility utilization in both DRAM and NAND. We expect that inflationary pressure will continue to be a headwind to costs in the first quarter of 2023. The consolidated gross margin percentage declined to 39% in the fourth quarter of 2022 from 47% in the third quarter of 2022, and we expect that in the first quarter of 2023 the percentage will decline further due to decreases in average selling prices as a result of the challenging industry environment for memory and storage products. Our consolidated gross margin percentage increased to 45% for 2022 from 38% for 2021, as a result of improvements in margins for both DRAM and NAND products, primarily due to reductions in manufacturing costs driven by strong execution in ramping our 1α DRAM and 176-layer NAND technology nodes. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect, from time to time, to engage in a variety of financing transactions for such purposes, including the issuance of securities. To support expected memory demand in the second half of the decade, we will need to add new DRAM wafer capacity. Following the enactment of the CHIPS Act in 2022, we announced plans to invest in two leading-edge memory manufacturing fabs in the United States, contingent on CHIPS Act support through grants and investment tax credits. As part of this plan, in September 2022, we broke ground on a leading-edge memory manufacturing fab in Boise, Idaho, with production targeted to start in calendar 2025. We also announced plans to build a second leading-edge DRAM manufacturing fab in Clay, New York, with production anticipated to ramp in the latter half of the decade. Our board of directors has authorized the discretionary repurchase of up to $10 billion of our outstanding common stock through open-market purchases, block trades, privately-negotiated transactions, derivative transactions, and/or pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The repurchase authorization has no expiration date, does not obligate us to acquire any common stock, and is subject to market conditions and our ongoing determination of the best use of available cash. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. The increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to higher net income adjusted for non-cash items and the effect of lower receivables, partially offset by an increase in inventories. The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies, and significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment based on technology node transitions, capital spending, and equipment re-use rates. We also review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and/or disposition.