Servicenow was founded on a simple premise: a better technology platform will help work flow better. The now platform enables our customers' digital transformation from non-integrated enterprise technology solutions with manual and disconnected processes and activities, to integrated enterprise technology solutions with automation and connected processes and activities. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the now platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their employees and consumers. We are closely monitoring the unfolding events of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. While the Russia-Ukraine conflict is still evolving and the outcome remains highly uncertain, we do not believe the Russia-Ukraine conflict will have a material impact on our business and results of operations. However, if the Russia-Ukraine conflict continues or worsens, leading to greater global economic disruptions and uncertainty, our business and results of operations could be materially impacted. Our customers in Russia represented an immaterial portion of our net assets and total consolidated revenues both as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. We have generated positive operating cash flows for more than ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy, and we expect to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations during 2023. Our working capital requirements are principally comprised of non-contract workforce salaries, bonuses, commissions, and benefits and, to a lesser extent, cancellable and non-cancelable licenses and services arrangements that are integral to our business operations, and operating lease obligations. We continue to be focused on deploying our internal professional services organization as a strategic resource and working with our partner ecosystem to contract directly with customers for implementation services delivery. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2023 to increase in absolute dollars and increase slightly as a percentage of revenue as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. Our renewal rate was 98% for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. We expect our cost of subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2023 to increase in absolute dollars as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase usage within our customer instances and to increase slightly as a percentage of revenue compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. We have also issued long-term debt to finance our business. In August 2020, we issued 1.40% fixed rate ten-year notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion due on September 1, 2030. Our free cash flows, together with our other sources of liquidity, are available to service our liabilities as well as our cancellable and non-cancellable arrangements. We anticipate cash flows generated from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. Our expectations for revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses for the year ending December 31, 2023 are based on the 31-day average of foreign exchange rates for December 31, 2022. The impact from the foreign currency movements from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 was not material to G&A expenses. We expect our subscription gross profit percentage to decrease slightly for the year ending December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. We will continue to incur incremental costs to attract customers in regulated markets by adopting public cloud offerings as well as increased support for customers impacted by new and evolving data residency requirements.