We empower enterprises, organizations, service providers, and government entities to protect themselves against today's most sophisticated cyber threats. Our cybersecurity platforms and services help secure enterprise users, networks, clouds, and endpoints by delivering comprehensive cybersecurity backed by industry-leading artificial intelligence and automation. Our company focuses on delivering value in five fundamental areas: network security, secure access service edge, cloud security, security operations, and threat intelligence and security consulting. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues and new revenues as we continue to grow our end-customer base. We are actively monitoring, evaluating, and responding to developments relating to COVID-19, which has resulted in significant global, social, and business disruption. While we instituted a global work-from-home policy beginning in March 2020, we did not experience significant disruption in our work operations during fiscal 2022. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and will make further changes to our business operations as may be required. Our focus remains on the safety of our employees, and we strive to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate. COVID-19 has affected our end-customers' spending and could lead them to delay or defer purchasing decisions, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and overall financial performance. The global supply chain and the semiconductor industry are experiencing significant challenges, including chip and component shortages, which have caused delays in acquiring chips, components, and inventory and have resulted in increased costs. We continue to work to minimize the effects from supply chain challenges. Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. Worsening economic conditions, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, may adversely affect our financial performance. We expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. We expect our research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services. Our operating activities have consisted of net losses adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. Our largest source of cash provided by our operations is receipts from our product revenue and subscription and support revenue. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription offerings. We may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to reduce customers' total cost of ownership by improving operational efficiency and eliminating the need for siloed point products. We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products are essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position.