We are a leading HCM software and services company, offering integrated solutions for HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong service delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; increasing client satisfaction; expanding our leadership in HR; growing our client base; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. A key component of our service delivery strategy is to be a proactive partner with our clients and to develop and release integrated solutions within Paychex Flex to meet their current and future needs. We continue to make investments in technology a priority as companies look to leverage technology solutions to maintain operations, stay connected to employees, and increase productivity. Our fiscal 2022 technology and solution developments provide a unique combination of data, technology, and service designed to meet the evolving needs of employers and employees. The COVID-19 pandemic continues, and our priority continues to be the health and safety of our employees. We remain committed to proactively supporting our clients through any lingering uncertainties of the COVID-19 pandemic and navigating the challenges of the future business environment. Our unique blend of technology solutions and expertise provides valuable tools and resources to assist our clients and their employees. As the global economy continues to evolve, we are committed to supporting our clients to help them navigate these challenges. We continually evaluate the nature and extent of changes to the market and economic conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and assess the potential impact on our business and financial position. We expect that the pandemic may continue to have an effect on our results, although the magnitude, duration, and full effects of the pandemic on our future results of operations or cash flows remain difficult to predict at this time. Our client retention beat our expectations and pre-pandemic levels at approximately 84% of the beginning client base for fiscal 2022, compared to over 85% for fiscal 2021, which was a record. We believe these investments are critical to our success. The changes in revenue as compared to the prior year period were primarily driven by growth in payroll client base and product penetration across our HCM offerings resulting from strong sales performance and high levels of retention, with continued strong demand for HR solutions. We have maintained health and safety standards for employees meeting all regulatory requirements while providing greater levels of flexibility to employees. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance solutions by being an essential partner to small- and medium-sized businesses across the U.S. and parts of Europe. We believe that success in this mission will lead to strong, long-term financial performance. Our financial position as of May 31, 2022, remained strong with cash, restricted cash, and total corporate investments of $1.3 billion. We expect to have access to the amounts available under our current credit facilities to meet our ongoing financial needs. However, if we experience reductions in our operating cash flows due to any of the risk factors outlined, we may need to adjust our capital, operating, and other discretionary spending to realign our working capital requirements with the capital resources available to us.