Our business plan focuses on achieving growth by allocating capital primarily toward regulated investments in an effort to continue to improve the sustainability and predictability of our business. We are focused on investing to modernize our energy infrastructure, improve reliability and resilience, increase energy efficiency and deliver cleaner energy to meet customer expectations and be well aligned with public policy objectives. In furtherance of these goals, our investments have simplified our business mix to reflect a higher percentage of earnings contribution by Public Service Electric and Gas Company (PSE&G). We have proactively changed our business mix through the sale of our fossil generation portfolio, which closed in 2022. At PSE&G, our focus is on investing capital in transmission and distribution infrastructure and clean energy programs to enhance the reliability and resiliency of our transmission and distribution system, meet customer expectations and support public policy objectives. We expect to improve the reliability and resiliency of our system in an environment of increasing frequency and severity of weather events, notably through our investments in our Energy Strong program and infrastructure advancement program. These investments have shown benefits in recent severe weather events, including tropical storm Ida in August 2021, which brought significant flooding to our service territory but did not result in the loss of any of our electric distribution substations. We continue to assess physical risks of climate change and adapt our capital investment program accordingly. Our capital investment program is estimated to be in a range of $15.5 billion to $18 billion for the years 2023-2027, resulting in an expected compound annual growth in rate base of 6% to 7.5% from year-end 2022 to year-end 2027. We continue to evaluate and are working toward developing and submitting science-based emission reduction targets following the criteria and recommendations of the Science Based Targets Initiative by September 2023. PSE&G has undertaken a number of initiatives that support the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and the implementation of energy efficiency initiatives. Our approved clean energy programs are intended to support New Jersey's energy master plan through programs designed to help customers increase their energy efficiency, support the expansion of electric vehicle infrastructure in the state, install energy storage capacity to supplement solar generation and enhance grid resiliency. We are committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with our operations and have undertaken significant infrastructure improvements to enhance our operational flexibility and resilience. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term shareholder value and address the interests of our multiple stakeholders. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance to capitalize on or otherwise address regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business and to respond to the issues and challenges described. We focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety, reliability, and customer satisfaction and complying with applicable standards and requirements. Our strategic initiatives include investments in transmission and distribution facilities to enhance reliability, resiliency, and modernize the system to meet the growing needs and increasingly higher expectations of customers. We expect to continue to pay cash dividends on our common stock; however, the declaration and payment of future dividends will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of our businesses, and other factors that the board of directors deems relevant.