Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and our earnings growth is impacted by the levels of growth within our same store facilities as well as within our acquired facilities and newly developed and expanded facilities. We have implemented various initiatives to manage the adverse impacts, such as enhancements in operational processes and investments in technology to reduce payroll hours, achievement of economies of scale from recent acquisitions, and investments in solar power and LED lights to lower utility usage. In order to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors, we have embarked on our multi-year property of tomorrow program to upgrade the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. We expect to complete the program by the end of 2025. We have experienced recent inflationary impacts on our cost of operations, including labor, utilities, and repairs and maintenance, and costs of development and expansion activities, and we may continue to experience such impacts in the future. We believe that our cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing cash requirements for interest payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. Our current and expected capital resources include cash and retained operating cash flow, which we believe will allow us to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities. We expect weaker demand in 2023 as compared to 2022 driven by a weaker macroeconomic outlook and more limited moving activities, with move-out activities and occupancy levels returning to pre-2020 levels. We will continue to support demand levels with increased marketing expense, lowering rental rates to new customers, and increased promotional discounting. We have been active in acquiring facilities in recent years, and since the beginning of 2020, we acquired a total of 368 facilities with 31.7 million net rentable square feet for $6.6 billion. Our growth in revenues, realized annual rent per occupied square foot, and revenue per available foot for 2022 as compared to 2021 was evident in each of our markets. We expect to continue to seek to add projects to maintain and increase our robust pipeline. Our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run, although our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost. We expect continued increases in depreciation expense in 2023 as a result of elevated levels of capital expenditures and new facilities that are acquired, developed, or expanded in 2023. We believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers, and reduce operating costs. Our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage facilities in certain municipalities. We expect to satisfy our cash requirements through operating cash flow and opportunistic debt and equity financings. We believe we have significant financial flexibility to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities, and we have significant access to sources of capital including debt and preferred equity.