The results of our business in a given period can be impacted by adverse weather conditions, severe weather events, natural disasters or other emergencies, which can negatively impact our financial results due to, among other things, the termination, deferral or delay of projects, reduced productivity and exposure to significant liabilities. However, severe weather events can also increase our emergency restoration services, which typically yield higher margins due in part to higher equipment utilization and absorption of fixed costs. Our revenues, profit, margins and other results of operations can be influenced by a variety of factors in any given period, including those described in item 1. business and item 1a. risk factors of this annual report, and those factors have caused fluctuations in our results in the past and are expected to cause fluctuations in our results in the future. The mix of revenues based on the types of services we provide in a given period will impact margins, as certain industries and services provide higher-margin opportunities. Our larger or more complex projects typically include, among others, transmission projects with higher voltage capacities; pipeline projects with larger-diameter throughput capacities; large-scale renewable generation projects; and projects with increased engineering, design or construction complexities, more difficult terrain or geographical requirements, or longer distance requirements. These projects typically yield opportunities for higher margins than our recurring services under MSAs described above, as we assume a greater degree of performance risk and there is greater utilization of our resources for longer construction timeframes. However, larger projects are subject to additional risk of regulatory delay and cyclicality. Project schedules also fluctuate, particularly in connection with larger, more complex or longer-term projects, which can affect the amount of work performed in a given period. Furthermore, smaller or less complex projects typically have a greater number of companies competing for them, and competitors at times may more aggressively pursue available work. A greater percentage of smaller scale or less complex work also could negatively impact margins due to the inefficiency of transitioning between a greater number of smaller projects versus continuous production on fewer larger projects. As a result, at times we may choose to maintain a portion of our workforce and equipment in an underutilized capacity to ensure we are strategically positioned to deliver on larger projects when they move forward. Our productivity and performance on a project can vary period to period based on a number of factors, including unexpected project difficulties or site conditions; project location, including locations with challenging operating conditions; inclement weather or severe weather events; environmental restrictions or regulatory delays; protests, other political activity or legal challenges related to a project; the performance of third parties; and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our remaining performance obligations represent management's estimate of consolidated revenues that are expected to be realized from the remaining portion of firm orders under fixed price contracts not yet completed or for which work has not yet begun. We believe this measure enables management to more effectively forecast our future capital needs and results and better identify future operating trends that may not otherwise be apparent. We expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions and investments, although we cannot predict the timing or amount of the cash needed for these initiatives. Our industry is capital intensive, and we expect substantial capital expenditures and commitments for equipment purchases and equipment lease and rental arrangements to be needed for the foreseeable future in order to meet anticipated demand for our services.