As part of our liquidity management, we rely on estimates of our future liquidity which include numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal assumptions used to estimate our future liquidity consist of expected timing of cash collections for cruise bookings, expected sustained increase in revenue per available passenger cruise day, expected increase in occupancy levels, reaching historical levels in the spring of 2023, and inflationary increases to our operating costs, mostly impacting the expected cost of fuel and food as compared to 2019. We will continue to pursue various opportunities to raise additional capital to fund obligations associated with future debt maturities and/or to extend the maturity dates associated with our existing indebtedness or facilities. Our full resumption of operations in 2022 generated an increase in guest ticket and onboard collections compared to a partial resumption of operations in 2021. The increase in total revenues was due to our return of operations, with our full fleet in service by June 2022, compared to 2021 when we began resuming guest cruise operations. The increase in cruise operating expenses was driven by the return to operations in 2022, with the majority of our fleet in service compared to 2021, when the suspension of our global cruise operations was in effect. Our cost-conscious mindset has helped to mitigate the effects of inflation, and we benefited from reduced costs related to health protocols as the year went on. We anticipate taking delivery of new ships, which are expected to help drive increases in both net yields and total revenues as our capacity expands. We have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted on our cash flows, liquidity, and financial position by the COVID-19 pandemic. In order to preserve liquidity, we deferred a significant portion of our planned capital expenditures. The company continually identifies and evaluates actions to maintain adequate liquidity, including further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses, and administrative costs, as well as additional financings. We have significant contractual obligations, with our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases representing our largest funding needs. Our obligations due through December 31, 2023 primarily consist of debt maturities, interest on debt, and progress payments on our ship orders. We have agreed with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends or engage in stock repurchases unless we repay the remaining principal payments that were deferred under our export credit facilities in 2020 and 2021. Our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. If this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations. Based on our assumptions and estimates and our financial condition, we believe that we have sufficient financial resources to fund our obligations for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. However, there is no assurance that our assumptions and estimates are accurate as there is inherent uncertainty in our ability to predict future liquidity requirements.