Over the past three years, we have faced a series of unprecedented challenges from the COVID-19 pandemic, subsequent supply chain disruptions and their related cost pressures, and ongoing inflationary headwinds. These conditions have had significant impacts not only on our own business operations and costs but also on our customers' household budgets and in turn their shopping behaviors. As a result, our customers are seeking even stronger values when visiting our stores. We are closely monitoring market share trends for the off-price industry and we believe our share gains will continue to grow through continued focus on bringing value and convenience to our consumers. We believe our merchandising and operational strategies enable us to deliver the most competitive bargains available to meet our customers' ongoing demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day. Our longer-term strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We expect these factors to continue impacting both our customers and our business in fiscal 2023. We intend to address the uncertain and competitive conditions within the retail climate for apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies, continuing to strengthen our merchant organization, diversifying our merchandise mix, and further developing our systems to improve our merchandise offerings. The increase in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily due to higher capital expenditures related to the construction of 99 new stores compared to 65 in the prior year, the refresh and enhancement of our existing stores, and the investments in various information technology systems. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. Our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2023 are for investments in our supply chain to support long-term growth, including construction of our next distribution centers, costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new Ross and dd's discounts stores, and investments in information technology systems. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash. We ended fiscal 2022 with $4.6 billion of unrestricted cash balances, which were held primarily in overnight money market funds invested in U.S. treasury and government instruments across a highly diversified set of banks and other financial institutions. We also have $1.3 billion available under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility. We estimate that existing cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit facility, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next 12 months. We believe our continued focus on these strategies will enable us to maximize our potential for both sales and profit growth in fiscal 2023 and beyond. We cannot be sure our strategies and store expansion program will result in sales growth or an increase in net earnings. The factors underlying our forecasts and plans are dynamic and subject to change.