Starbucks results for fiscal 2022 demonstrate the resiliency and strength of our brand. Despite COVID-19 induced business interruptions, especially in our China market, we have seen the strength and resilience of our brand as well as strong customer demand across our portfolio. We believe the investments in partner wages and training will increase retention and productivity while the acceleration of purpose-built store concepts and innovations in technologies will provide additional convenience and connection with our customers. Our financial results and long-term growth model will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales, and margin management. We anticipate that these should be offset by benefits from pricing decisions as well as from increased sales leverage and higher productivity driven by our reinvention plan. We expect inflationary pressures on commodities and supply chain to continue to a lesser extent in fiscal 2023, relative to the impact on our business and financial metrics, including operating margin, as compared to fiscal 2022. Absent significant and prolonged COVID-19 relapses or global economic disruptions, and based on the current trend of our business operations and our focused efforts on the reinvention plan, we are confident in the strength of our brand and strategy for sustainable, profitable growth over the long term. The growth in company-operated store revenue was driven by an 8% increase in comparable store sales attributed to a 5% increase in average ticket and a 2% increase in comparable transactions. Additionally, we have experienced higher costs primarily related to investments and growth in labor, including enhanced retail store partner wages as well as increased spend on new partner training. These increases were partially offset by sales leverage across markets outside of China and strategic pricing primarily in North America. Our international segment saw strong growth in our major international markets, driven by product innovation and increasing digital capabilities, partially offset by challenges in our China market. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall decrease in operating margin in fiscal 2022 when compared to fiscal 2021. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally, combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt, will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for at least the next 12 months. We are currently not aware of any trends or demands, commitments, events, or uncertainties that will result in, or that are reasonably likely to result in, our liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way that will impact our capital needs during or beyond the next 12 months. We regularly review our cash positions and our determination of partial indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings. We have generated income in certain foreign jurisdictions that may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes. Our significant accounting estimates involve a higher degree of judgment and/or complexity, especially in light of the current economic environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to believe the fair value of each of our reporting units is significantly in excess of its carrying value, and absent a sustained multi-year global decline in our business in key markets such as the U.S. and China, we do not anticipate incurring significant goodwill impairment in the next 12 months.