During 2022, we continued to experience the effects of macroeconomic challenges such as raw material inflation, less than optimal raw material availability, armed conflict in Europe, and COVID-related lockdowns in Asia. Our focus on cost control measures remains steady as we execute on targeted restructuring actions to simplify our business. The growth investments we made during the year, including five completed acquisitions, are well-positioned to contribute to our resilient portfolio. While we anticipate a challenging demand environment in 2023, our long-term strategy and customer-focused solutions drive confidence in our outlook. We anticipate inflationary pressure in 2023 to impact consumer behavior in both the United States and Europe, particularly in housing markets. Elevated mortgage rates may have a negative impact on new residential volume. Certain other costs, such as wages, energy, and transportation are expected to increase. We are focused on gaining market share despite this challenging environment, while leveraging our exposure in more historically resilient end markets such as residential repaint, property maintenance, auto refinish, and packaging. During 2023, we expect to benefit from price increases we implemented during 2021 and 2022. Additionally, we expect to realize approximately $50 million to $70 million in estimated annual savings from previously announced restructuring actions, of which we expect 75% will be realized by the end of 2023. Our deliberate cost control and ongoing continuous improvement initiatives, coupled with anticipated raw material cost deflation, are expected to drive full-year gross margin expansion in 2023. We plan to expand our footprint by opening 80 to 100 new stores in the United States and Canada in 2023, and pursue acquisitions that align with our long-term growth strategy. The company generated $1.920 billion in net operating cash despite higher raw material costs and inflationary pressures which negatively impacted gross margin and net income. This strong cash generation enabled the company to invest $1.003 billion in acquisitions and $644.5 million in capital expenditures, and return $1.502 billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases during the year. The company has sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs. The annual impairment review performed as of October 1, 2022, which incorporated the impact of a business restructuring plan, resulted in trademark impairments totaling $15.5 million in the consumer brands group related to the discontinuation of an architectural paint brand and lower than anticipated sales of an acquired brand. Management expects environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon the company and the industry in the future. Management believes that the company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance. The company is involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites. The company continuously assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated. The company believes that cash generated from operating activities and borrowings available under long-term and short-term debt will be sufficient for it to meet its contractual and other obligations and commercial commitments. The company has entered into an agreement to sell its current headquarters and R&D center, with completion expected during 2023. The company will continue to recognize the related assets within property, plant, and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets under US GAAP.