The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and resources. 2022 was transformative for SLB as we set new safety, operational, and performance benchmarks for our customers and strengthened our market position both internationally and in North America. We effectively harnessed our refocused portfolio, fit-for-basin technology, and performance differentiation to gain greater market access and improved pricing, particularly in the drilling markets where we significantly outperformed rig count growth. We laid the foundation for further growth and margin expansion through pricing improvements and a solid pipeline of incremental contract awards. Beyond our financial results, we made significant progress in our sustainability initiatives during the year, including launching several new transition technologies to support the decarbonization of oil and gas. Our transition technologies portfolio revenue grew more than 30% year-on-year, and we project it will cross the $1 billion revenue mark in 2023. The combination of these effects will result in a very favorable mix for SLB with significant growth opportunities in our core, digital, and new energy, and we expect another year of very strong growth and margin expansion. We believe the macro backdrop and market fundamentals that underpin a strong multi-year upcycle for energy remain very compelling in both oil and gas and in low-carbon energy resources. Energy security is prompting a sense of urgency to make further investments to ensure capacity expansion and diversity of supply. The secular trends of digital and decarbonization are set to accelerate with significant digital technology advancements, favorable government policy support, and increased spending on low-carbon initiatives and resources. These positive activity dynamics will be amplified by higher service pricing and tighter service sector capacity. The impact of loosening COVID-19 restrictions and an earlier than expected reopening of China could support further upside potential over 2023. The increase in working capital was largely the result of receivables increasing significantly, driven primarily by the fact that SLB's fourth quarter 2022 revenue increased 27% as compared to the same period last year. The increase in inventories was a result of the significant activity growth that SLB experienced in 2022 that is expected to continue in 2023. SLB has extensive experience in working with its customers during difficult times to manage its accounts receivable. During weak economic environments or when there is an extended period of weakness in oil and gas prices, SLB typically experiences delays in the payment of its receivables. However, SLB has not historically had material write-offs due to uncollectible accounts receivable. The determination of future cash flows as well as the estimated fair value of long-lived assets involves significant estimates on the part of management. If there is a material change in economic conditions or other circumstances influencing the estimate of future cash flows or fair value, SLB could be required to recognize impairment charges in the future. The effective tax rate was 18% in 2022 as compared to 19% in 2021. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the charges and credits described. SLB's pension and postretirement benefit obligations are calculated using actuarial concepts, which include critical assumptions related to the discount rate and the expected rate of return on plan assets. These assumptions are important elements of expense and/or liability measurement and are updated on an annual basis, or upon the occurrence of significant events.