The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to have an adverse impact on our net sales, net income, and EBITDA as defined when compared to pre-pandemic levels. As our business continues to recover from the pandemic, we believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. We believe our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each. The integration of acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The pandemic has resulted in governments around the world implementing stringent measures, including quarantines and travel restrictions, which have disrupted the global supply chain and availability of raw materials. The disruption in the supply chain has resulted in increased costs and could continue to adversely affect our business. Although we believe we could identify alternative suppliers, the lengthy and expensive aviation authority and OEM certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material, or component part. We are also monitoring the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related export controls and financial and economic sanctions imposed on certain industry sectors, including the aviation sector. The implications of the Russia and Ukraine conflict in the short-term and long-term are difficult to predict at this time. We expect to meet our current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt. We believe our significant cash liquidity will allow us to meet our anticipated funding requirements. We expect our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide sufficient cash provided by operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. The company continues to actively manage its accounts receivable and inventory levels in response to the pandemic and ongoing supply chain challenges. The company’s capital expenditures incurred from year-to-year are funded using existing cash on hand and are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. The change in corporate expenses compared to the prior fiscal year was not material. We believe that focusing our businesses on our value-driven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in gross profit and income from operations over the long-term.