This year was a strategic turning point for Truist as we began to shift our focus to executional excellence and purposeful growth. We fulfilled our purpose to inspire and build better lives and communities in many ways throughout the year. We showed care for our teammates with a bold increase in our minimum wage; created new ways to meet clients' needs through initiatives like Truist One Banking and enhanced digital offerings; and supported our communities, including introducing a $120 million commitment to small businesses. We continued to have strong momentum during the year with regards to other environmental, social, and governance initiatives that we have undertaken. Truist maintained strong capital and liquidity in 2022 and made a number of strategic investments to deploy capital and expand on its businesses. The company is committed to fostering a culture that supports identification and escalation of risks across the organization. Management annually evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. Achieving key strategic objectives and long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges. The company employs strict underwriting criteria governing the degree of risk assumed and the diversity of the loan portfolio in terms of type, industry, and geographical concentration. Truist strives to meet the credit needs of its clients while pursuing a balanced strategy of loan profitability, loan growth, and loan quality. The company believes that this purpose can best be accomplished by building strong client relationships over time and developing in-depth local market knowledge. The risk management framework promotes the execution of business strategies and objectives in alignment with its risk appetite. The company has developed and employs a risk framework that further guides business functions in identifying, measuring, responding to, monitoring, and reporting on possible exposures to the organization. Truist's risk management oversight is designed to provide comprehensive board and executive leadership risk oversight, maintaining a committee governance structure that ensures alignment and execution of the risk management framework. The company regularly performs stress testing on its capital levels and is required to periodically submit the company's capital plans and stress testing results to the banking regulators. Management regularly monitors the capital position of Truist on both a consolidated and bank-level basis. The company has implemented internal stress capital ratio minimums to evaluate whether capital ratios calculated after the effect of alternative capital actions are likely to remain above internal minimums. Truist's board-approved investment policy is carried out by the MRLCC, which meets regularly to review the economic environment and establish investment strategies. The goals of the investment portfolio are to provide sufficient liquid assets to meet unanticipated deposit and loan fluctuations and overall funds management objectives. The company has a contingency funding plan designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in the event of a liquidity contraction. The plan provides a framework for management and other teammates to follow in the event of a liquidity contraction or in anticipation of such an event. Truist's cybersecurity strategy is enabled by continuous enhancement of its multilayered defenses including advanced capabilities for early and rapid cyber threat identification, detection, protection, response, and recovery. The company conducts scenario-driven test exercises simulating impacts and consequences developed through analysis of real-world technology incidents as well as known and anticipated cyber threats.