We continue to make strategic investments to support our durable operating and financial model that further differentiates target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth. In response to the rising guest demand and supply chain constraints, we took various actions, including ordering merchandise earlier, securing ocean freight routes, adding incremental holding capacity near U.S. ports, and increasing use of air transport for certain merchandise. In addition, during the second half of 2022, port congestion, shipping container availability, and other supply chain pressures improved. This resulted in some inventory arriving earlier than anticipated, which resulted in increased costs of managing elevated inventory levels and an increased working capital investment. We took several actions to address our inventory position and create additional flexibility in a rapidly changing environment, including increasing promotional and clearance markdowns, removing excess inventory, and cancelling purchase orders. Our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will over the long term drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. We expect that comparable sales growth will drive the majority of our total sales growth. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. This policy allows investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments that mature in 60 days or less. We believe our sources of liquidity, namely operating cash flows, credit facility capacity, and access to capital markets, will continue to be adequate to meet our contractual obligations, working capital and capital expenditure requirements, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. Our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets, to maintain a balanced spectrum of debt maturities, and to manage our net exposure to floating interest rate volatility. Our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. We have completed over 1,000 full-store remodels since the launch of the current program in 2017, including 140 in 2022. We expect capital expenditures in 2023 of approximately $4.0 billion to $5.0 billion to support full-store remodels and other existing store investments, new stores, and supply chain projects. Supply chain projects will add replenishment capacity and modernize our network, including the use of sortation centers to enhance our last-mile delivery capabilities. We also monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using redcards because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our redcards are also incremental sales for target. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix, and transfer of sales to new stores makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible. We believe the risk of inventory obsolescence is largely mitigated because our inventory typically turns in less than three months. We believe the amounts accrued for liabilities associated with losses are appropriate; however, our liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences or loss developments differ from our assumptions. We believe that our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical to our operational resilience.