TJX provides projections and other forward-looking statements particularly relating to our future financial performance, which are subject to risks and uncertainties including those described in our risk factors. Our mission is to deliver great value to our customers every day, which we achieve by selling a rapidly changing assortment of merchandise at prices generally 20% to 60% below full-price retailers. We operate over 4,800 stores through our four main segments and have seen a net sales increase of 3% to $49.9 billion for fiscal 2023. The increase in net sales reflects a fully open store base for fiscal 2023 compared to temporary store closures in fiscal 2022 due to COVID-19. Our operational flexibility has allowed us to adapt to changing market conditions, as evidenced by the increase in average basket driven by higher average ticket despite a decrease in customer traffic. The segment profit margin decreased due to lower merchandise margin and higher store wages, but was partially offset by lower COVID-related expenses. We expect to add approximately 45 Marmaxx net new stores and 18 new Sierra stores in fiscal 2024, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 2%. Our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. As of January 28, 2023, we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and credit facilities are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. Our operating cash flows increased significantly, primarily due to changes in merchandise inventories. The increase in operating cash flows was partially offset by a decrease in accrued expenses, primarily lower incentive compensation costs. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2024 to be in the range of approximately $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion, including significant investments in our offices and distribution centers to support growth. We monitor debt financing markets and may incur additional long-term indebtedness depending on prevailing market conditions and liquidity requirements. Our general corporate expenses decreased, driven by lower share-based and incentive compensation costs. The impairment on our previously-held minority investment in Familia reflects our strategic response to changing market conditions. We have provided for all applicable state and foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. The impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operating results has been significant, particularly with respect to our international segments. The increase in net sales in TJX Canada was driven by having a fully open store base for fiscal 2023 compared to temporary store closures in fiscal 2022. The segment profit margin increased due to leverage on increased sales and higher merchandise margin, reflecting our ability to adapt to market conditions. We expect to continue to enhance our operational management and strategic adaptation in response to environmental disruptions, ensuring our organizational resilience and ability to maintain performance under pressure.