Since 2020, the life sciences solutions and specialty diagnostics segments as well as the laboratory products business have supported COVID-19 diagnostic testing, scaling and evolving their molecular diagnostics solutions and plastic consumables businesses to respond to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The biosciences and bioproduction businesses have expanded their capacity to meet the needs of pharma and biotech customers as they have expanded their own production volumes to meet global vaccine manufacturing requirements. Additionally, our pharma services business has provided our pharma and biotech customers with the services they needed to develop and produce vaccines and therapies globally. The company continues to execute its proven growth strategy which consists of three pillars: developing high-impact, innovative new products, leveraging our scale in high-growth and emerging markets, and delivering a unique value proposition to our customers. GAAP operating income margin and adjusted operating income margin decreased in 2022 due primarily to lower COVID-19 testing volumes, continued strategic growth investments, and the expected impact of incorporating recent acquisitions. This was partially offset by strong pricing realization across all segments to address higher inflation while also driving strong productivity. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, research and development projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience, as well as incentive compensation and recognition for employees. The increase in segment income margin was primarily due to the benefit of recent acquisitions, profit on higher sales, and productivity improvements, offset in part by strategic growth investments. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months. The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 70 countries outside the U.S. The company expects that for all of 2023, expenditures for property, plant and equipment, net of disposals, will be approximately $2.0 billion. The company is contingently liable with respect to certain legal proceedings and related matters. An unfavorable outcome that differs materially from current accrual estimates could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position as well as its results of operations and cash flows. The company operates in numerous countries under many legal forms and, as a result, is subject to the jurisdiction of numerous domestic and non-U.S. tax authorities, as well as to tax agreements and treaties among these governments. The determination of taxable income in any jurisdiction requires the company to interpret the related tax laws and regulations and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding significant future events. The company assesses income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months. The company has entered into unconditional purchase obligations, in the ordinary course of business, that include agreements to purchase goods, services or fixed assets and to pay royalties.