Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We are focused on increasing vehicle production, capacity and delivery capabilities, improving and developing battery technologies, and expanding our global infrastructure. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity, and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. However, these plans are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations, which may be exacerbated by the new product and manufacturing technologies we are introducing, the number of concurrent international projects, any industry-wide component constraints, labor shortages, and any future impact from events outside of our control such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Our cost reduction efforts, cost innovation strategies, and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles' affordability. We will also continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles' performance and functionality, including through products based on artificial intelligence and delivering new vehicles. We operate in a cyclical industry that is sensitive to political and regulatory uncertainty, which can be compounded by inflationary pressures, rising energy prices, and increases in interest rates. As additional competitors enter the marketplace, we will have to adjust and continue to execute well to maintain our momentum. We must work constantly to increase vehicle delivery capability to prevent bottlenecks on our total deliveries. We began transitioning to a more even regional mix of vehicle builds each week, which led to an increase in cars in transit at the end of the year. Increasing the exports of vehicles manufactured at Gigafactory Shanghai has also been effective in mitigating the strain on our deliveries in markets outside of the United States. As we expand our manufacturing operations globally, we will also have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing, and charging infrastructure accordingly. The long-term success of our energy generation and storage business is dependent upon increasing margins through greater volumes. We remain committed to growing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short-term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions. We expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. We continue adapting our strategy to meet our liquidity and risk objectives, such as investing in U.S. government and other investments, to do more vertical integration, expand our product roadmap, and provide financing options to our customers. We believe that our current sources of funds will provide us with adequate liquidity during the 12-month period following December 31, 2022, as well as in the long-term. We continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business.