Our operations are impacted by global economic conditions, including inflation, increased interest rates, and supply chain constraints, and we take actions to modify our plans to address such economic conditions. In 2022, we intentionally held back on sales of rental equipment to ensure we had sufficient capacity for our customers. The health and safety of our employees and customers has been, and remains, our top priority, and we implemented a detailed COVID-19 response plan, which we believe helped mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our results. We continue to assess the economic environment in which we operate and any developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, and take appropriate actions to address the economic and other challenges we face. Although the equipment rental industry is highly fragmented and diverse, we believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of this environment because, as a larger company, we have more extensive resources and certain competitive advantages. These include a fleet of rental equipment with a total original equipment cost of $19.6 billion and a North American branch network that operates in 49 U.S. states and every Canadian province. Our size also gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. Our strategy focuses on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. We have focused on customer segmentation, customer service differentiation, rate management, fleet management, and operational efficiency. We believe these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. We have a dedicated team responsible for reducing waste in our operational processes, with the objectives of condensing the cycle time associated with preparing equipment for rent, optimizing our resources for delivery and pickup of equipment, improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations, and implementing customer service best practices. Our digital capabilities allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service. We believe that the expansion of our specialty business will further position United Rentals as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. We continue to execute a strategy focused on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. The disciplined management of capital expenditures and fleet capacity is a component of our COVID-19 response plan, which contributed to rental capital expenditures in 2020 that were significantly below historic levels. While capital expenditures were significantly reduced in 2020 due to COVID-19, capital expenditures in 2021 and 2022 exceeded historic (pre-COVID-19) levels, which contributed to the increased average original equipment cost. We have seen evidence of a continuing recovery of activity across our end-markets, and we are committed to adapting our strategies to meet future challenges and opportunities in the marketplace.