We are a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, with a focus on specialty markets. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis (CF) and increasing the number of people with CF eligible and able to receive our medicines. We aim to rapidly follow our first-in-class therapies that achieve proof-of-concept with potential best-in-class candidates to provide durable clinical and commercial success. This approach includes advancing multiple compounds from each program, spanning multiple modalities, into early clinical trials to obtain patient data that can inform selection of the most promising compounds for later-stage development. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in product development and may provide product candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. To supplement our internal research programs, we acquire technologies and programs and collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, government laboratories, foundations, and other organizations, as needed, to advance research in our areas of therapeutic interest and to access technologies needed to execute on our strategy. Our business requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. As we advance our product candidates through clinical development toward commercialization and market and sell our approved products, we build and maintain our supply chain and quality assurance resources. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials and to manufacture and distribute our product candidates for clinical trials. We adapt our supply chain for existing products to include additional formulations or to increase scale of production for existing products as needed. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our product development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We plan to continue to engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations, along with government health programs that are typically managed by authorities in the individual states, to ensure that payors recognize the significant benefits that our medicines provide and provide patients with appropriate levels of access to our medicines now and in the future. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain expanded reimbursement for our CF medicines and, ultimately, pipeline therapies, in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. Our corporate strategy includes acquiring products, product candidates, and other technologies that are aligned with our corporate and research and development strategies and complement and advance our ongoing research and development efforts. We expect to continue to identify and evaluate collaboration and licensing opportunities that may be similar to or different from the collaborations and licenses that we have engaged in previously. Our strategic investments are maintained and managed separately from our other cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We expect that cash flows from our products together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months.