The COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have material and adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in the future. The extent to which the pandemic impacts our operations and those of our operators and tenants will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Our seniors housing operating revenues are dependent on occupancy, which has increased during the year ended December 31, 2022. Nearly all communities are open for new admissions and allowing visitors, in-person tours, and communal dining activities. We have incurred increased operational costs as a result of public health measures and other regulations affecting our properties, as well as additional health and safety measures adopted by us and our operators related to the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect total seniors housing operating expenses to remain elevated as many of these additional health and safety measures have become standard practice. Our primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder value. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To mitigate risks, we monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property, including review of monthly financial statements and other operating data, obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and covenant compliance. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process that includes tenant relations, lease expirations, property performance, and market conditions. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate, or transfer the risk. We aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, thus supporting both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. Operating leases and loans are typically credit enhanced by guarantees and/or letters of credit. Additionally, operating leases are structured as master leases, and loans are generally cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized with other real estate loans. Our asset management process includes evaluating the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments and expect to reinvest proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. Our ability to achieve financial objectives is dependent upon effectively executing strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. We regularly monitor economic and other factors to develop these plans. The COVID-19 pandemic has necessitated increased operational flexibility and adaptability in our business strategies. We have received government grants under the CARES Act primarily to cover increased expenses and lost revenue during the pandemic. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. We believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund our uses of cash, and we plan to manage the company to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and a capital structure consistent with our current profile.