The waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry; however, customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered, and those waste streams are becoming more complex. We monitor these developments to adapt our service offerings. As companies, individuals, and communities look for ways to be more sustainable, we promote our comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste in order to meet their needs. This includes expanding traditional recycling services, increasing organics collection and processing, and expanding our renewable energy projects to meet the evolving needs of our diverse customer base. We believe the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry. We remain focused on our automation and optimization investments to enhance our operational efficiency and change the way we interact with our customers. Enhancements made through these initiatives are intended to seamlessly and digitally connect all the company's functions required to service our customers in order to provide the best experience and service. We continue to make these investments to further digitalize our customer self-service and implement technologies to further enhance the safety, reliability, and efficiency of our collection operations. Macroeconomic pressures, including inflation and rising interest rates, and market disruption, resulting in labor market, supply chain, and transportation constraints are continuing. Significant global supply chain disruption and the heightened pace of inflation have reduced availability and increased costs for the goods and services we purchase, with a particular impact on our repair and maintenance costs. The constrained labor market has resulted in increased costs for wage adjustments, overtime hours, and training new hires. Geopolitical conflict and the resulting international response have also exacerbated market disruption, leading to volatility in commodity prices, impacts on the availability and cost of energy, and vendor and supplier disruptions across the global supply chain. We focus on our strategic pricing efforts, as well as operating efficiencies and cost controls, to maintain and grow our earnings and cash flow. We remain focused on putting our people first to ensure that they are well positioned to execute our daily operations diligently and safely. Despite the significant downturn in commodity prices for recyclable materials in the second half of the year, we remain committed to our investment in recycling automation, which reduces costs and increases throughput, positioning us to overcome commodity price headwinds and deliver a differentiated service. We continue to invest in automation and optimization to enhance our operational efficiency and improve labor productivity for all lines of business. Our strategic focus, combined with strong operational execution, resulted in increased revenue, income from operations, and income from operations margin driven primarily by both yield and volume growth in our collection and disposal business. We are encouraged by our results and remain focused on delivering outstanding customer service, managing our variable costs with changing volumes, and investing in technology that will enhance our customers' experience and reduce our cost to serve.