We are an energy company committed to being the leader in providing infrastructure that safely delivers natural gas products to reliably fuel the clean energy economy. Our ongoing strategy of midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our strategy is to provide a large-scale, reliable, and clean energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe, reliable, clean energy services to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2023 are expected to be in a range from $1.40 billion to $1.70 billion, excluding the mountainwest acquisition. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that reduce emissions, and meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. Potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include a global recession, which could result in downturns in financial markets and commodity prices, as well as impact demand for natural gas and related products; opposition to, and regulations affecting, our infrastructure projects, including the risk of delay or denial in permits and approvals needed for our projects; unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution, including increases from inflation or delays caused by supply chain disruptions; and unexpected changes in customer drilling and production activities, which could negatively impact gathering and processing volumes. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of safe, clean, and reliable energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our potential sources of liquidity available to address these maturities include cash on hand, proceeds from refinancing, our credit facility, or our commercial paper program, as well as proceeds from asset monetizations. We continuously monitor regulatory changes and how they may impact our operations. We consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates for our interstate natural gas transmission pipelines. We expect to pay approximately $11 million in 2023 for cleanup and/or remediation and monitoring activities. We are monitoring these sites in a coordinated effort with other potentially responsible parties, the EPA, or other governmental authorities. Our business plan for 2023 includes a continued focus on earnings and cash flow growth. In 2023, our operating results are expected to benefit from the mountainwest acquisition, volume growth in the haynesville and northeast g&p areas, and annual inflation-based rate increases across our gathering and processing business. We also anticipate increases resulting from the development of our upstream oil and gas properties and a full year of contribution from recently acquired trace and nortex assets.