We operate in a highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce, health and wellness, financial services, advertising, and data service businesses. Many of these competitors are national, regional or international chains or have a national or international omni-channel or ecommerce presence. We compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality associates. We, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to: catastrophic events, weather and other risks related to climate change, global health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, disruptions in supply chain, inventory management, cost and availability of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, inflation, deflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor availability and costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. We have taken certain strategic actions to strengthen our portfolio, primarily in the Walmart International segment, including the sale of certain international operations and the buyout of noncontrolling interest shareholders. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. However, like other retail companies, we have seen supply chain disruptions contributing to higher than normal inventory levels throughout the year. In addition, our merchandise costs for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, have been impacted by high inflation, greater than what we have experienced in recent years. The impact to our net sales and gross profit margin is influenced in part by our pricing and merchandising strategies in response to cost increases. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to pressure from inflation; swings in macroeconomic conditions and their effect on consumer confidence; volatility in employment trends; supply chain pressures; and ongoing uncertainties related to global health epidemics or pandemics, any of which may impact our results. As we execute on our financial framework, we believe our returns on capital will improve over time. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales through increasing membership at Sam's Club and through Walmart+, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expanding omni-channel initiatives that complement our flywheel strategy. We operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs. Our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our long-term debt and short-term borrowings, have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be sufficient to fund operations, finance our global investment activities, pay dividends and fund our share repurchases for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets.