Our objective is to also provide discussion of material events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be indicative of future results, which could differ materially from historical performance and from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors such as those discussed in item 1a. risk factors. We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. The diversity of our product portfolio and our global operations provides stability to our overall business. For instance, in livestock, impacts on our revenue that may result from disease outbreaks or weather conditions in a particular market or region are often offset by increased sales in other regions from exports and other species as consumers shift to other animal proteins. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting global economic downturn on all aspects of our business across geographies, including how it has and may continue to impact our customers, workforce, suppliers, and vendors. We cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, vendors, and suppliers; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. The unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances. We believe that the ability of pet owners to purchase our products online and from retail stores may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales, particularly in the near term. However, over time, we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers as compared to traditional veterinary practices. The animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in a particular region are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests. Adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, and climate change may also impact the aquaculture business. Changes in water temperatures could affect the timing of reproduction and growth of various fish species, as well as trigger the outbreak of certain waterborne diseases. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows, and our existing financing arrangements will be sufficient to support our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond, this may be subject to the environment in which we operate. We seek to enhance the health of animals and to bring solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. We have a global presence in both developed and emerging markets and across eight core species. We intend to grow our business by pursuing the following core strategies: drive innovative growth, enhance customer experience, lead in digital and data analytics, cultivate a high-performing organization, and champion a healthier, more sustainable future. Our research and development efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so that they remain relevant for our customers. We believe that the strength of our leadership team and our talented colleagues around the world is a critical component of our past and future success.