Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems, and a cyber attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products makes them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. These systems have been and are expected to continue to be the target of malware and other cyber attacks. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which Abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in the future. Any significant attack or other disruption on Abbott's systems or products could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's business. Abbott's business strategy includes pursuing acquisitions, licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability. The integration of acquisitions into Abbott's existing business or the transition of disposed businesses could be challenging and may result in significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on its financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond its control. Abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's opinion of its financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet its debt obligations. Changes in credit markets or to Abbott's credit rating could impact its ability to obtain financing for its business operations or result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense. Abbott's revenues are derived primarily from the sale of a broad line of health care products, and its primary products are nutritional products, branded generic pharmaceuticals, diagnostic testing products, and vascular products. Abbott's sales growth has been driven primarily by established pharmaceuticals, nutritional and diagnostics businesses, with sales in emerging markets increasing significantly. The company focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of global and local pharmaceutical brands that meet the needs of patients in emerging markets. Abbott's research and development efforts are aimed at launching new products and technologies, which are essential for remaining competitive. The company commits substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development, although a high rate of failure is inherent in this process. Abbott's ability to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products is critical for its future success. The company is also focused on expanding its product portfolio with the introduction of new science-based products and implementing additional margin improvement initiatives. Abbott's operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are essential for navigating market dynamics and achieving competitive advantage.