We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors in different industries, including retail, e-commerce services, digital content, and electronic devices. Some of our current and potential competitors may devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. Our expansion places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources, increasing the complexity of our business and placing significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional business, legal, financial, and competitive risks, including new and difficult technology challenges. If we do not successfully optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers, our business could be harmed. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory and completed orders, and any disruptions could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation of e-commerce, and limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, and manage required personnel, which may limit our international growth. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology infrastructure costs consist of servers, networking equipment, and data center-related depreciation, rent, utilities, and payroll expenses. We seek to expand our fulfillment capacity to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements, and the increase in technology and content costs in absolute dollars is primarily due to increased payroll and related costs associated with expanding our products and services. We may not be able to accurately forecast our growth rate, and our revenue and operating profit growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our sellers. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We also face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy, and any of these events could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy.