We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage. We rely extensively on IT systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, physical security systems and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used for third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our or our third-party providers' systems. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients. If we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. In connection with this strategy, we recently announced an evolution to our operating model to focus on investment in commercial opportunities against key brands and markets, accelerate the pipeline, streamline operations, and realign manufacturing capabilities that broaden biologics capabilities. Our commercial model continues to evolve, and our marketed product portfolio is growing in a manner consistent with our overall strategy. We continue to drive growth of key brands, executing product launches, investing in our diverse and innovative pipeline, including through business development, focusing on prioritized markets, and increasing investments in our biologics manufacturing capabilities. Our ability to successfully execute our operating model evolution could impact our results. We face intense competition from other manufacturers, including for both innovative medicines and lower-priced generic products. Competition is keen and includes lower-priced generics and increasingly aggressive generic commercialization tactics, lower prices for other companies' products, real or perceived superior efficacy or safety profiles or other differentiating factors, technological advances and patents attained by our competitors, clinical study results from our products or a competitor's products that affect the value proposition for our products, business combinations among our competitors and major third-party payers, and competing interests for external partnerships to develop and bring new products to markets. If we are unable to compete successfully against our competitors' products in the marketplace, this could have a material negative impact on our revenues and earnings. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. We have historically derived a majority of our revenue and earnings from several key products, and while we are not as heavily dependent on one or two products as in past years, our dependence on the profitability of certain products is likely to continue.