Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior. Our cable communications business continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet and business services businesses and by launching additional services. The ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies. Our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors’ use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of wireless gateways and cloud DVR technology. Network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related events, including those caused by us or by third parties, could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers, or damage to our equipment, data, properties and reputation. These events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, our ability to provide some services may be adversely affected. We are developing a universal theme park in Beijing, China, and we expect to continue to develop this park throughout 2017. Our capital expenditures for 2017 are focused on continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity; increased investment in line extensions primarily for the expansion of business services; and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our x1 platform, and cloud DVR technology. We expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks. Our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms. The success of any of these ongoing or future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations.