Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are influenced by numerous factors, including changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers' spending plans. Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments is critical, as is our response to price and product competition in the communications and networking industries, which can change rapidly due to technological innovation. The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products, along with our success in new and evolving markets, are essential for maintaining a competitive advantage. We have been investing in key priority and growth areas, including security, IoT, collaboration, next-generation data centers, cloud, and software, while also focusing on maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services. However, the return on these investments may be lower or develop more slowly than expected. Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, especially in light of a challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. The timing of large orders can significantly affect our business and operating results, and we have experienced longer than normal manufacturing lead times in the past. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, which have affected our operations. We must commit significant resources to developing new products before knowing whether our investments will result in products the market will accept. Our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions that include pervasive, industry-leading security that intelligently connects nearly everything that can be connected. We believe that the network plays an increasingly important role in enabling our customers to aggregate, automate, and draw insights from distributed data, where there is a premium on security and speed. Our investments in engineering, sales, service, and marketing activities are intended to support our focus on key priority areas. We expect to realign and dedicate resources into these areas while maintaining operational flexibility. Our operating results could be adversely affected if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits from these investments or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. Our ability to provide a broad range of networking and communications products and services, introduce new products, and reduce production costs are principal competitive factors. We also face competition from customers to which we license or supply technology and suppliers from which we transfer technology. Our inventory management relating to our sales to our two-tier distribution channel is complex, and excess inventory may harm our gross margins. We must manage our inventory effectively to ensure competitive lead times while mitigating the risk of inventory obsolescence due to rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. Our business substantially depends upon the continued growth of the internet and internet-based systems, and we believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies and for customer financing activities.