Our businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and subject to changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative products and technologies to the marketplace rapidly. As our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services. We must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, to enhance our search technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. We face intense competition, and if we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our current operations. The number of people who access the internet through devices other than desktop computers is increasing dramatically, and if manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our search technology developed for these devices, our business could be adversely affected. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of products and services across multiple platforms and devices. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of increasing competition and changes in property mix, platform mix, device mix, and geographical mix. We believe our margins could experience downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and increased costs for many aspects of our business. Our margins could experience downward pressure because the margin on the sale of digital content, hardware products, and cloud-based services have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. We are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. The growth of our company and our expansion into a variety of new fields involves a variety of new regulatory issues, and we have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny as we have grown. We continue to cooperate with regulatory authorities around the world in investigations they are conducting with respect to our business. Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth to work effectively. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various factors, including natural disasters and cyber attacks. The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. The occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. We expect to continue to invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate, and information technology infrastructure. Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. As our organization grows, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively impact our future success.