Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and the firm and other financial institutions have been subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to report timely, accurate and complete information. As reporting requirements expand, compliance with these rules and regulations has become more challenging, and the risk of systems or human error in connection with such transactions increases, as well as the potential consequences of such errors due to the speed and volume of transactions involved. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or the firm. Our operational systems and infrastructure are critical to our ability to conduct business, and any failure in these systems could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. We face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions, and as our interconnectivity with our clients grows, we increasingly face the risk of operational failure with respect to our clients’ systems. Our businesses are subject to significant and evolving regulation, and we are required to maintain compliance with various laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to cyber attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect or implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats, especially because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. The increased use of mobile and cloud technologies can heighten operational risks, and we expect to expend significant additional resources on an ongoing basis to modify our protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures. Our technology infrastructure is essential for our risk management, and we have made significant investments in technology to monitor market risk, including an independent calculation of value-at-risk and stress measures, risk measures calculated at individual position levels, and the ability to report many different views of the risk measures. We believe that effective risk management is of primary importance to our success, and we have comprehensive risk management processes through which we monitor, evaluate and manage the risks we assume in conducting our activities.