We rely on networks and information systems and other technology to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, mergers and acquisitions, and research and development. Our information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, and our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions, or security breaches. These incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations such as system upgrades or by user errors, as well as network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks, geopolitical events, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. We continue to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyber insurance, and training of company personnel to address risks to our information systems. The company maintains an information risk management program supervised by information technology management, which is reviewed by a cross-functional committee. Reports that include analysis of emerging risks as well as the company's plans and strategies to address them are regularly prepared and presented to senior management and the audit committee of the board of directors. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the global market or in various local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. If we do not continue to strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we selectively expand into other profitable categories in the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry, our business could be negatively affected. Our success depends in part on our ability to evolve and improve our existing beverage products through innovation and to successfully develop, introduce, and market new beverage products. The success of our innovation activities depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance and trends, obtain, maintain, and enforce necessary intellectual property protections, and avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. We are committed to meeting consumer needs and generating new growth through our portfolio of more than 500 brands and nearly 3,900 beverage products, including nearly 1,200 low- and no-calorie products, new product offerings, innovative packaging, and ingredient education efforts. Our productivity and reinvestment program is designed to enable our efforts to strengthen our brands and reinvest our resources to drive long-term profitable growth. This program focuses on global supply chain optimization, global marketing and innovation effectiveness, operating expense leverage and operational excellence, data and information technology systems standardization, and the integration of our former north america business. The company expects that the expanded productivity initiatives will generate an incremental $2 billion in annualized productivity, which will enable us to fund marketing initiatives and innovation required to deliver sustainable net revenue growth and support margin expansion and increased returns on invested capital over time. As part of our strategic initiative to refocus on our core business of building brands and leading our system of bottling partners, we are refranchising company-owned or -controlled bottling operations. Our refranchising activities require significant attention and effort on the part of senior management and may become a distraction for them. If we are unable to successfully manage our refranchising activities, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.