We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business. Our chairman, president and chief executive officer has had discussions with President Trump on the importance of the F-35 program and our commitment to cut costs. However, we may continue to face pressure to reduce costs from the new presidential administration relating to the F-35 program and ongoing contract negotiations. Current program challenges include, but are not limited to, supplier and partner performance, software development, and successfully negotiating and receiving funding for production contracts on a timely basis. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats, threats to our information technology infrastructure, and unauthorized attempts to gain access to our company sensitive information. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. government contracts. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with these laws. We have a strategy to grow international sales over the next several years, inclusive of sales of F-35 aircraft to our international partners and other countries. We also provide a broad range of management, engineering, technical, scientific, logistics, system integration, and cybersecurity services. We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. Our operating performance is also dependent upon personnel who hold security clearances and receive substantial training in order to work on certain programs or tasks. We face a number of challenges that may affect personnel retention such as our endeavors to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the affordability of our products and services. We are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations. A violation of specific laws and regulations could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts, or suspension from bidding on or being awarded contracts. The U.S. government has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate. Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, our ability to control costs, and evolving U.S. government procurement policies. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. The majority of our capital expenditures for 2016 and those planned for 2017 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure, and information technology. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software.