Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The semiconductor memory industry is highly competitive, and we face intense competition in the semiconductor memory market from a number of companies, including large corporations that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets. Our competitors seek to increase silicon capacity, improve yields, reduce die size, and minimize mask levels in their product designs, resulting in significant increases in the worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and downward pressure on prices. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, would lead to further declines in average selling prices for our products and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future, which is subject to market, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, research and development, and product and process technology to develop new product and process technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality. We expect to incur additional restructure charges or other losses associated with initiatives in future periods. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. These risks include difficulties in transferring technology to joint ventures, difficulties and delays in ramping production at joint ventures, and the possibility that our interests could diverge from our partners. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes and reduce costs. We have entered into strategic relationships to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies and products, which are subject to various risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory technologies, and our competitors are working to develop new memory technologies that may offer performance and cost advantages to our existing memory technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. We may be unable to realize the anticipated financial benefits of acquisitions, and integration issues with manufacturing operations and business systems could pose significant challenges. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments, and make adequate capital investments is critical to remaining competitive in terms of technology development and cost efficiency. Our manufacturing processes are complex and require technologically advanced equipment, and disruptions in manufacturing could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.