nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the operations of nee and fpl are subject to extensive regulation, which requires the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. despite the implementation of security measures, all of their technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access due to such activities. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised, and they could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging due to the size, scope, complexity, and geographical reach of their business. nee and fpl add, modify, and replace information systems on a regular basis. modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including, but not limited to, integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively impact the effectiveness of the companies' control environment, and/or the companies' ability to timely file required regulatory reports. additionally, the retail businesses of nee and fpl require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. if a significant breach occurred, the reputation of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, or customer information could be subject to identity theft. the companies would be subject to costs associated with the breach and/or could be subject to fines and legal claims, any of which may have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the ability of nee and fpl to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and cross numerous and diverse markets, underscores the importance of their information technology capabilities. the operational risks associated with the information technology systems could result in lost revenues due to prolonged outages, increased expenses due to monetary penalties or fines for compliance failures, and liability to third parties for property and personal injury damage. the companies face risks associated with operational failure or capacity constraints of third parties, including those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services. the reliance on information technology systems is critical for the companies to manage their operations effectively and to respond to market dynamics and competitive pressures.