Our successful entry into new markets for IT operations management, customer service, security operations, HR service management, and other service management applications outside of enterprise IT is important to our revenue growth prospects. The degree of differentiation of our products and services from those offered by more established competitors in these markets, whether our products and services offer compelling benefits and value to customers, and the effectiveness of our quality testing and controls are critical factors for success. We may not have the necessary resources, including employees with the required product management, engineering, marketing, and sales expertise, to compete effectively in these new markets. If we are unable to successfully develop, market, sell, and implement these new products and services to our existing customers and prospective new customers, our revenue growth rate, business, and operating results will be adversely affected. Our operations involve the storage, transmission, and processing of our customers' confidential, proprietary, and sensitive information, including personally identifiable information and protected health information. While we have security measures in place designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss, they may be breached, resulting in unauthorized access to our customers' data or our data. Cyber-security threats have become more prevalent in our industry, and we may need to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers' businesses, subject us to substantial liability, and harm our reputation and financial results. We currently serve our customers primarily using equipment managed by us and co-located in third-party data center facilities, which are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters and other events. Our reputation and business will be adversely affected if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. The markets for our enterprise cloud solutions are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry. We compete primarily with large, well-established enterprise application software vendors and emerging cloud vendors. Our primary competitors include BMC Software, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP, and Salesforce.com. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, and customer requirements. We may not be able to compete successfully, and competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses, or the failure of our solutions to achieve or maintain market acceptance. Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our management team and key individual contributors. The loss of one or more members of our management team or other key employees could have a serious impact on our business. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly in the technology industry, where there is substantial competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing, and managing software and internet-related solutions. Our ability to continuously enhance our products and services to deliver consumer product-like experiences is critical, as enterprises increasingly focus on delivering such experiences to users within the enterprise and to individuals interacting with the enterprise. If we are unable to consistently and timely meet these requirements, our products and services may become less marketable and less competitive or obsolete.