We depend on information systems and technology, some of which are provided by third parties, for many activities important to our business, including to interface with our customers and consumers; to engage in marketing activities; to enable and improve the effectiveness of our operations; to order and manage materials from suppliers; to manage inventory; to manage our facilities; to conduct research and development; to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency; to comply with regulatory, financial reporting, legal and tax requirements; to collect and store sensitive data and confidential information; to communicate electronically among our global operations and with our employees and the employees of our independent bottlers, contract manufacturers, distributors, joint ventures, suppliers and other third parties; and to communicate with our investors. Our ability to protect our information systems against, or effectively respond to, cyberattacks or other cyber incidents is critical, as disruptions could lead to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, loss of customers, lost revenues, and damage to our reputation. We continue to devote significant resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, and other security measures to protect our systems and data. However, these security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee success in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption. We have entered into agreements with third-party service providers to utilize certain information technology support services and administrative functions, and may enter into agreements for shared services in other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance, we may not achieve the expected cost savings or may incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. Our multi-year business transformation initiative aims to migrate certain of our systems, including our financial processing systems, to enterprise-wide systems solutions. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to achieve the expected benefits from this initiative, it may impact our ability to process transactions accurately and efficiently, and remain in step with the changing needs of our business. We are subject to market risks arising from adverse changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, and interest rates, which we manage through productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs, and hedging. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations. We continue to implement strategic plans that we believe will position our business for future success and long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure and operate more efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food and snack categories and markets. Our commitment to performance with purpose enables us to meet or exceed financial goals while positioning our company for long-term sustainable growth. We believe that many challenges also create new opportunities for our company, and we intend to focus on building the capabilities we need to succeed in the digital marketplace, including the evolving e-commerce landscape, and to focus on building and sustaining strong relationships with our retail partners. Our strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including consumer demand for healthier products and uncertain and volatile macroeconomic conditions, while also fostering a healthier planet by reducing our environmental impact and boosting our bottom line.