We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools, physical security systems, and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, to assist in conducting our business. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping products to customers, marketing and selling products to consumers, collecting, transferring, storing, and processing customer, consumer, employee, vendor, investor, regulatory, and other stakeholder information and personal data, summarizing and reporting results of operations, hosting, processing and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information, collaborating via an online and efficient means of global business communications, complying with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements, providing data security, and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of one or more key information technology systems, networks, hardware, processes, associated sites, or service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. Numerous and evolving information security threats, including advanced persistent cybersecurity threats, pose a risk to the security of our IT systems, networks, and services, as well as to the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and the availability and integrity of our critical business operations. We continue to assess potential threats and make investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems and upgrading skills, employee training, and security policies for the company and its third-party providers. However, because the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. Our IT databases and systems and our third-party providers' databases and systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service attacks, phishing, and other cyber-attacks. If the IT systems, networks, or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly or cause operational outages or aberrations, or if we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss, significant unavailability of, or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive, and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. The costs and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of our previously announced supply chain simplifications and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. Disruption in our global supply chain may negatively impact our business results. Our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results. We must also be able to successfully respond to technological advances made by, and intellectual property rights granted to, competitors. Failure to continually innovate, improve, and respond to competitive moves could compromise our competitive position and adversely impact our results.