Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal and hosted information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures and cyber security attacks, such as computer viruses or unauthorized access. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. We may also be impacted by the ability of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash among our subsidiaries, including transfers of cash to pay interest and principal on our debt, due to currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and potentially adverse tax consequences, among other factors. We believe the quality and scale of our global operating portfolio, the expertise of our team and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenues, earnings, NOI, cash flows and funds from operations is based on economies of scale from growth in assets under management. Over the last several years, we have invested in a variety of technologies that have allowed us to achieve efficiencies and increase our investments in real estate with minimal increases to general and administrative expenses. We have increased our owned and managed real estate assets by 85 million square feet over the last two years primarily through acquisitions and integrated the assets with only minimal increases in overhead related to property management and leasing functions. We will continue to leverage these technologies in order to further streamline our operations and reduce our costs as a percentage of assets under management, along with advanced data analysis to enhance decision making. We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with forming co-investment ventures, investing in new or existing co-investment ventures, attracting third-party investment and investing in and managing properties through co-investment ventures. Our investments are concentrated in the logistics sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties. We may pursue growth opportunities in international markets where the U.S. dollar is not the functional currency. The depreciation in the value of the foreign currency in countries where we have a significant investment may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. We are also exposed to potential physical risks from possible future changes in climate. Our logistics facilities may be exposed to rare catastrophic weather events, such as severe storms or floods. If the frequency of extreme weather events increases due to climate change, our exposure to these events could increase. We cannot give any assurance that other such conditions do not exist or may not arise in the future. The presence of such substances on our real estate properties could adversely affect our ability to lease, develop or sell such properties or to borrow using such properties as collateral, and this may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, and in particular, our distributable cash flow.