We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems, and applications to support key product and service offerings. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes, and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems, and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption, or unauthorized access to our systems. We make significant investments in information technology data centers and other technology initiatives, and we cannot provide assurances that such investments will result in increased revenues. We utilize certain data provided by third-party data sources in a variety of ways, including large volumes of data from certain stock exchanges around the world. Our ability to produce our products and develop new products is dependent upon the products of other suppliers, including certain data, software, and service suppliers. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. The cyber risks the company faces range from cyber-attacks common to most industries to more sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to certain information or systems. Unauthorized disclosure of this information could cause our customers to lose faith in our ability to protect their confidential information and therefore cause customers to cease doing business with us. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships, or legal liability. We continuously review the latest information available and assess our ability to predict the outcome of such matters and the effects, if any, on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business, and competitive position, which may require that we record liabilities in the consolidated financial statements in future periods. We face competition from traditional content and analytics providers, as well as non-traditional providers such as exchanges, asset managers, investment banks, and technology-led companies that are adding content and analytics capabilities to their core businesses. Our businesses are subject to increasing regulation of the financial services and commodities industries in Europe, and potential changes in EU regulation and/or additional regulation in the UK could cause additional operating obligations and increased costs for our businesses. Our operations and infrastructure may malfunction or fail, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information, and breaches of our or our vendors' systems and networks may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or such vendors' websites, applications, or data processing, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information regarding us, our business, or our customers.