Our ability to acquire and retain branded customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues, and we believe our un-carrier strategy, along with ongoing network improvements, has been successful in attracting and retaining customers. Significant technological changes continue to impact the communications industry, enhancing communications and enabling a broader array of companies to offer services competitive with ours. In order to grow and remain competitive with new and evolving technologies in our industry, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, continually invest in our network, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our current and potential customers' changing demands. Enhancing our network, such as deploying 5G, is subject to risk from equipment changes and migration of customers from existing spectrum bands. Our business, like that of most retailers and wireless companies, involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of confidential information, including sensitive personal information and payment card information. Unauthorized access may be difficult to anticipate, detect, or prevent, particularly given that the methods of unauthorized access constantly change and evolve. We may experience unauthorized access or distribution of confidential information by third parties or employees, errors or breaches by third-party suppliers, or other breaches of security that compromise the integrity of confidential information. Such breaches can have a materially adverse effect on our business or damage our reputation. We rely upon both our systems and networks and the systems and networks of other providers and suppliers to provide and support our services and, in some cases, protect our customers' and our information. Failure of our or others' systems, networks, or infrastructure may prevent us from providing reliable service or may allow for the unauthorized use of or interference with our networks and other systems or for the compromise of customer information. We are in the process of implementing a new billing system, which will support a portion of our subscribers while maintaining our legacy billing system. Any unanticipated difficulties, disruption, or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects on our business. We depend heavily on suppliers, their subcontractors, and other third parties in order for us to efficiently operate our business. Our business is complex, and it is not unusual for multiple vendors located in multiple locations to help us develop, maintain, and troubleshoot products and services, such as network components, software development services, and billing and customer service support. Disruptions or failure of such suppliers to adequately perform could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial performance. Our ability to compete will depend on, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer services, effective marketing and selling of products and services, attractive pricing, and cost management, all of which will involve significant expenses. We rely on highly-skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to retain and motivate our existing employees and to attract new employees. If we do not succeed in retaining and motivating our existing key employees and attracting new key personnel, we may not be able to meet our business plan, and as a result, our revenue growth and profitability may be materially adversely affected.