We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. Our volume production of multiple vehicles necessitates continued development, maintenance, and improvement of our information technology systems in the United States and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax, and regulatory compliance systems. The implementation, maintenance, and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support, and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain, and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies, or manufacture, sell, deliver, and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We also maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against system security risks, data breaches, and cyber-attacks. If we do not successfully implement, maintain, or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Furthermore, our proprietary information could be compromised, and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions. Our production plan for Model 3 is based on many key assumptions, including that we will be able to build and equip a new dedicated final assembly line for high-volume production of Model 3 at the Tesla factory without exceeding our projected costs and on our projected timeline. We will also need to do extensive testing to ensure that Model 3 is in compliance with our quality standards and applicable regulations prior to beginning mass production and delivery of the vehicles. Moreover, our Model 3 production plan will also require significant investments of cash and management resources. We expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles over the next several quarters due to economies of scale, material cost reductions, and more efficient manufacturing. The decreasing trend in cost of manufacturing vehicles is expected to improve total automotive gross margin over time and mitigate some of the higher ramp-up costs associated with the launch of Model 3. We have achieved cost improvements through material cost reductions from both engineering and commercial actions and increased manufacturing efficiencies including better inventory control over utilization and minimization of scrapping materials. Our future growth and success are dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles, especially in the mass market demographic which we are targeting with Model 3. We believe that demand for our energy products will continue to increase. We plan to reduce customer acquisition costs by cutting advertising spend and increasingly selling solar products in Tesla stores.