We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, malicious insiders, telecommunication failures, user errors or catastrophic events. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, may be difficult to detect for a long time and often are not recognized until launched against a target. Any of these occurrences could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, and litigation and potential liability for the company. We have continued to undertake several initiatives to improve the flexibility and capacity in our transportation network, improve yield management, and increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. The continued deployment of technology improvements, including several facility automation projects and the accelerated deployment of our on road integrated optimization and navigation system, should continue to increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility and reliability. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to changing trends. We monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and make use of derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial position and results of operations. However, changes in exchange rates and interest rates cannot always be predicted or hedged. We have made significant capital investments in our business, including technology, to support both our existing business and anticipated growth. Our capital expenditures for technology are expected to enhance our operational capabilities and support our business strategies. The impact of new laws, regulations and policies cannot be predicted, and compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. We are exposed to the effects of changing prices of energy, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, and interruptions in supplies of these commodities, which may have a significant impact on our operations. The transportation industry continues to consolidate, and competition remains strong, which may require us to enhance our technology capabilities to maintain our competitive position. Our information technology systems, as well as those of our franchisees, are critical to managing our business processes and activities. We believe that our IT capabilities are essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force and for effectively supporting our business needs. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is fundamental to our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness.