The industries we serve can be volatile and difficult to predict, and we are exposed to risks associated with an uncertain global economy, including economic and business conditions that could materially and adversely impact our operating results. To meet rapidly changing demand, we must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage our resources, investments, production capacity, supply chain, workforce, inventory, and other components of our business. If we do not effectively manage these challenges, our business performance and operating results may be adversely impacted. We are exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base, which increases our risks related to the financial condition of our customers. Supply chain disruptions, manufacturing interruptions, or delays could affect our ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, or result in excess or obsolete inventory. Our business depends on our timely supply of equipment, services, and related products to meet the changing requirements of our customers, which depends in part on the timely delivery of parts, materials, and services from suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced supply chain and logistics constraints, and managing these constraints to increase shipments to customers remains a top priority. Our ability to develop relationships with local customers, suppliers, and governments is critical to our operational flexibility and resilience. We must continue to invest in research and development and maintain a global business infrastructure to compete effectively and support our customers. The development, introduction, and support of products in a geographically diverse and competitive environment require collaboration with customers and other industry participants. Our strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding our served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. We are exposed to ongoing changes specific to the semiconductor and display industries, characterized by ongoing changes that impact demand for and the profitability of our products and services. Our future operating results depend to a considerable extent on our ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products we provide. We must effectively allocate resources between our existing products and markets, the development of new products, and expanding into new and adjacent markets. Our ability to successfully expand our business into new and related markets may be adversely affected by various factors, including the complexity of managing multiple businesses and the need to develop new sales and technical marketing strategies. We are subject to risks related to legal proceedings, claims, and investigations that may divert management's attention and resources. Cybersecurity incidents affecting our suppliers could impact our supply chain and may also cause difficulties and delays in our ability to obtain parts, materials, and services needed to manufacture our products. Our efforts to comply with laws, regulations, and contractual obligations concerning privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection could result in significant expense and impact our operational resilience. The ongoing changes in the various industries in which we operate require us to adapt and respond effectively to maintain our organizational resilience and ensure our long-term sustainability and success.