A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include the ability and willingness of wireless and cloud service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure, the financial condition of communications service providers, and increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of communications service providers. A decrease in demand for wireless or colocation services, including due to general economic conditions, disruption in the financial and credit markets or global social, political or health crises, inflation, slowing growth, rising interest rates or recession, could also impact our operational flexibility. The current inflationary and high interest rate environment could materially and adversely affect our customers through disruptions of their ability to procure their equipment through their supply chains, maintain liquidity and deploy network capital. Such financial difficulties could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment of our deferred rent asset, tower asset, network location intangible asset, tenant-related intangible asset or goodwill. We depend on the continued financial strength of our customers, and many communications service providers operate with substantial levels of debt. Our international operations expose us to potential adverse financial and operational problems not typically experienced in the United States, including uncertain, inconsistent or changing laws, regulations, and governmental licensing of spectrum. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our data centers and ensure our data centers remain operational at all times. Problems at one or more of our data centers could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure or equipment damage, which could impair our ability to obtain and retain customers. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth. We have master lease agreements with many of our tenants for our communications sites that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of non-contractual churn. Our strategic review of our India business evaluated the appropriate level of exposure to the India market within our global portfolio of communications assets and assessed opportunities to repurpose capital to drive long-term shareholder value and sustained growth. The strategic review concluded with our signed agreement for the pending ATC TIPL transaction, which is expected to close in the second half of 2024, subject to customary closing conditions, including government and regulatory approval. We expect to continue to deploy capital through our annual capital expenditure program, including land purchases and new site and data center facility construction, and through acquisitions.