The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Global economic and geopolitical conditions and additional or unforeseen circumstances, developments, or events may give rise to or amplify many of the risks discussed below. The variability in our retail business places increased strain on our operations; demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events, such as in response to global economic conditions such as recessionary fears or rising inflation, natural or human-caused disasters, or extreme weather. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts could significantly affect our revenue and future growth. We experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate; we are not always able to accurately forecast our growth rate. A significant portion of our expenses and investments is fixed, and we are not always able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less than expected. Our revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. Our business is affected by general economic, business, and geopolitical conditions worldwide. Disruptions from natural or human-caused disasters or extreme weather, geopolitical events, and security issues could cause system interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, which could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing services. Our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. The loss of key senior management personnel or the failure to hire and retain highly skilled personnel could negatively affect our business. We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, and competition for qualified personnel has historically been intense. The inability to hire, train, retain, and manage sufficient required personnel may limit our international growth. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with various laws. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers; failures to adequately predict customer demand and consumer spending patterns could result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or data center capacity, service interruptions, increased costs, and impairment charges. Our commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships expose us to risks, including disruption of our ongoing business, variability in revenue and income, and difficulty integrating under the commercial agreements. We are subject to significant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, and changes in customer demand. We seek to invest efficiently in numerous areas of technology and infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments while operating at an ever-increasing scale. Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows, driven primarily by increasing operating income and efficiently managing accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, and cash capital expenditures.