The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage, as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers, while at the same time offering a level of resiliency and diversification against local risks and challenges that may emerge in any single geography. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company is exposed to political, economic, military, and other risks related to operating in countries outside the United States, and changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, U.S. trade policies, and other factors beyond the company's control may adversely impact its business and operating results. The company has experienced difficulties obtaining certain raw materials and components, and the cost of certain of the company's raw materials and components is increasing. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and services through price increases, productivity improvements, and cost-saving programs. However, in certain markets, implementing price increases can be difficult, and there is no guarantee that the company will be successful. The company may also face supply chain constraints and logistical challenges, which could negatively impact the pricing of materials and components sourced or used by the company. The company may be negatively impacted by extreme weather conditions and natural catastrophic events, including those caused or intensified by climate change and global warming. These events could cause some of the company's operations to suffer from supply chain disruptions and potential delays in fulfilling customer orders or order cancellations altogether, lost business and sales, increased costs, energy and water scarcity, changing costs or availability of insurance, and/or property damage or harm to its people. The company has focused its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company encounters competition in all areas of its business and competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company is dependent on attracting, recruiting, hiring, and retaining skilled employees, including its various management teams. The ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of the company's fundamental financial strengths. The company uses operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of the company's common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company has a stock repurchase program under which it may purchase up to $2,000.0 of the company's common stock during a specified period. The company has also completed numerous acquisitions in recent years as part of its growth strategy. The company anticipates that it will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities. The company believes that its ability to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs is critical for its long-term success and resilience. The company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad market diversification, developing high-technology performance-enhancing solutions, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management.