Our business, operations, and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. We are dependent on senior management, and if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively. An impairment of the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our IT systems could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on a wide variety of complex IT systems and services, and any failure of these systems could disrupt our operations. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our IT infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect. Cyber-attacks are increasing in number and sophistication, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. A prolonged disruption of our manufacturing facilities or other significant operations could have a material adverse effect on us. We must maintain appropriate capacity and product yields at our manufacturing facilities to meet anticipated customer demand, and failure to do so could adversely affect our relationships with our customers. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses, which could adversely affect market acceptance and our reputation. Our semiconductor business is dependent on winning competitive bid selection processes, which are often lengthy and require significant development expenditures. Failure to obtain design wins may prevent us from securing future opportunities. We make significant decisions based on customer requirements or estimates thereof, which may not be accurate, and failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to meet customer demand could adversely affect our results of operations. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expenses. We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect our relationships with our customers. We expect to incur additional research and development expenses as a result of the VMware merger. Our ability to generate cash flow is subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and other factors beyond our control. We may seek to obtain new debt or equity financing, but there is no assurance that such financing will be available on terms acceptable to us. We are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws, which could increase our costs and restrict our operations. Compliance with these requirements could require us to modify our manufacturing processes or acquire pollution control equipment, all of which can be costly. We are also subject to risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners, including product inventory levels and product sell-through. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our operations are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations, and these fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards, and changes in customer requirements. Our ability to protect our intellectual property is critical to our success, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business.