An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties, and our actual results and future trends may differ materially from our past or projected future performance. We depend heavily on commercial airlines, subjecting us to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, and other external pressures. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability, and implement productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain, which has reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position. Our commercial airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, ensure every airplane in our production system conforms to exacting specifications, achieve planned production rate targets, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards. Operational challenges impacting the production system could result in additional production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, negatively impacting our revenues and operating margins. We have experienced production quality issues, including in our supply chain, which could affect our operational flexibility and performance under pressure. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials, and other components. We continue proactively working to ensure sufficient material and parts to avoid potential near-term production disruptions while also working to mitigate the risk of future impacts from disruptions to our supply chain. We are subject to various U.S. federal, state, local, and non-U.S. laws and regulations related to environmental protection, which could incur substantial costs and impact our operational continuity. The introduction of new aircraft programs involves risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification, and production schedules. We expect to be able to access capital markets when we require additional funding in order to pay off existing debt, address further impacts to our business related to market developments, fund outstanding financing commitments, or meet other business requirements. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, and we continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce costs and optimize how we manage inventory. The complexity of our commercial aircraft production system requires extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, highly skilled labor, and stringent regulatory requirements. We face aggressive international competition intent on increasing market share, which adds pressure to our operational capabilities. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand, but we remain vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, and environmental regulations. Our ongoing fixed-price development programs have reach-forward losses, and we may be required to record additional losses in future periods. We continue to experience production disruptions and inefficiencies due to technical challenges, supplier disruption, and factory performance, which could adversely affect our financial performance.