Our business and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The uncertainty of macroeconomic factors and their impact on consumer behavior makes it difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our business, which could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and adversely affect our results of operations. Other events beyond our control such as pandemics and epidemics, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, and increased focus on the environmental impact of travel may disrupt or limit the ability or willingness of travelers to visit certain locations, or result in declines in demand for our travel offerings. Responses to such events by governments or global organizations could restrict travel in ways that could impact our ability to conduct our business. Intense competition could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance, and we may not be able to successfully adapt to changes in the competitive landscape. Our ability to respond to and keep up with the rapid pace of technological and market changes is critical. We are dependent on travel service providers, restaurants, search platforms, and other third parties, and a significant reduction on the part of any of our major travel service providers for a sustained period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, market share, and results of operations. The regulatory environment related to the alternative accommodations business is evolving, and laws, regulations, or property association rules could impose restrictions or burdens on property owners and managers that limit or negatively affect their ability to rent their properties. We face risks related to our marketing efforts, and if we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness and acceptance of our brands or if such efforts are not cost-effective, our business, market share, and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals, and if we are unable to retain or motivate key employees or hire, retain, and motivate well-qualified employees, our business would be harmed. Our ability to achieve our long-term strategy to build the connected trip will require increased financial and personnel investments that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments. We are working toward enhancing our payments capabilities, including by offering alternative payment solutions to consumers. The widespread adoption of new technologies, such as generative artificial intelligence and machine learning, could influence how customers search for and book travel, requiring us to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Our existing security measures may not be successful in preventing attacks on our systems, and successful attacks could result in significant interruptions in our operations, severe damage to our information technology infrastructure, negative publicity, reputational harm, and/or prevent consumers from using our services during the attack. We rely on a global supply chain of third-party services providers and we are exposed to risks because we rely on the resilience, security, and legal compliance of their products and services. Our business relies on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure, and if threat actors are able to circumvent our security measures, it could result in a compromise or breach of consumer, partner, or employee data. The handling and storage of personal data, as well as privacy rights of consumers, are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions, and non-compliance with these laws could result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation, significant penalties, or other legal liability.