The global macroeconomic environment has experienced challenging conditions and uncertainty, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Uncertainty around inflationary pressures, interest rates, and monetary policy could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face. These conditions may adversely affect our suppliers, leading them to experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which could cause disruptions in our ability to produce our products. Economic and market risks, including challenging domestic and international economic conditions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers, economic pressures experienced by our customers, and staffing shortages within healthcare facilities that have and may continue to negatively impact demand for our products. Our restructuring and optimization initiatives result in charges and expenses that impact our operating results. The 2023 restructuring plan is intended to support our efforts to expand operating performance and meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. The implementation of the 2023 restructuring plan is estimated to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $450 million to $550 million and reduce gross annual pre-tax expenses by approximately $225 million to $275 million as program benefits are realized. We expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. Our ability to attract and retain key talent at all levels of our organization has been and could continue to be challenged by these conditions, and inability to attract and retain talent could result in material adverse impacts to our business and results of operations. Our products are designed and manufactured in technology centers around the world, and factors such as a failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, environmental factors, or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. Disruptions in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products by third-party vendors could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We rely on information technology systems to operate our business, and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our global supply chain optimization strategy is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network and drive operational efficiencies and resiliency. Our future growth is dependent upon the development of new products and enhancement of existing products, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals. Our business has been impacted by global supply chain disruptions, which improved in 2023 compared to 2022, but challenges still exist. We cannot guarantee that the activities under our restructuring plans or other optimization initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay.