Difficult market, economic, and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings, and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. In addition, in the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability, including cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected. A failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance. Economic slowdown or recession in the U.S. and internationally creates operating performance challenges for certain of our funds' investments, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. Despite overall resilience in some geographies, many global economies have in recent years experienced periods of deceleration. Further economic deceleration or contraction in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors, or geographies may contribute to poor financial results for our funds' portfolio companies or assets, which may result in lower investment returns for our funds. A sustained period of high interest rates increases the potential for defaults, and a material decline in interest rates and/or widening of credit spreads would make it difficult for our credit funds to replicate their performance. Fundraising in our credit and insurance segment has been positively impacted by long-term structural shifts in the lending market and a more constraining financing market. We believe the long-term growth trajectory remains positive and that strong investment performance and investor under-allocation to such private wealth strategies should continue to drive flows over the long term. Our real estate segment funds are well positioned to capitalize on opportunities that arise, and we believe we are entering a supportive environment for deployment activity. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, and Israel's war against Hamas, have contributed to volatility in the global financial markets, which may adversely impact our performance and the performance of our funds and their respective portfolio companies. The performance of our funds' investments in certain companies may be adversely affected by U.S. federal and state laws relating to, among other things, fraudulent conveyances, voidable preferences, lender liability, and a bankruptcy court's discretionary power to disallow, subordinate, or disenfranchise particular claims. Our funds may also face significant operational challenges and costs with respect to compliance with zoning, environmental, or other applicable laws. The management of our business or operations of an infrastructure asset may be contracted to a third-party management company unaffiliated with us, and the failure of such an operator to adequately perform its duties could have an adverse effect on the investment's financial condition or results of operations. We may not be able to identify or consummate selective development or acquisition opportunities due to competition, our ability to accurately value such opportunities, and the need to negotiate acceptable terms. Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors depends on a number of factors, including economic and market conditions and the asset allocation rules or investment policies to which such third-party investors are subject. The performance of the investments made by our credit and equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets is also subject to a high degree of market risk, as such investments are likely to be directly or indirectly substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of oil, natural gas, and other commodities.