Citi demonstrated substantial progress across the franchise during 2023, despite the impact of several notable items. The increase in revenues was partially offset by lower non-interest revenues, primarily driven by approximately $1.9 billion in aggregate translation losses due to devaluations of the Argentine peso. Citi's expenses increased 10%, which included charges associated with the FDIC special assessment and restructuring charges related to organizational simplification initiatives. The increase was partially offset by productivity savings and expense reductions from exited markets and continued wind-downs. The cost of credit was $9.2 billion, driven by higher net credit losses in branded cards and retail services, reflecting normalization from historically low levels. The increase was also due to net builds in the allowance for credit losses, including approximately $1.9 billion related to increases in transfer risk associated with exposures in Russia and Argentina. Citi's common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the Basel III standardized approach increased to 13.4% as of December 31, 2023. Citi continued to make progress with the wind-downs of the Korea and China consumer banking businesses and the Russia consumer, local commercial, and institutional businesses. The company expects to incur additional costs related to its organizational simplification in the first quarter of 2024. Various geopolitical, macroeconomic, and regulatory challenges continue to adversely affect economic conditions globally, including elevated interest rates and inflation. These factors could adversely affect Citi's customers, clients, businesses, funding costs, cost of credit, and overall results of operations and financial condition during 2024. Citi has embarked on a multiyear transformation to change its business and operating models, strengthening risk and controls while improving value to customers, clients, and shareholders. This includes efforts to implement federal consent orders and ongoing investments in transformation, including remediation of these orders. The CEO has prioritized strengthening Citi's risk and control environment, establishing a chief operating officer organization to centralize program management. The boards of directors formed a transformation oversight committee to provide oversight of management's remediation efforts. The company continues to work constructively with regulators and reflects their feedback in its project plans and execution efforts. The net allowance for credit losses was primarily driven by higher lending volumes in Mexico consumer, with a net build in other assets related to transfer risk associated with exposures in Russia. The organizational simplification initiatives have included severance costs associated with headcount reductions. The net credit losses increased significantly, reflecting higher losses in cards, with both branded cards and retail services net credit losses reaching pre-pandemic levels. The company continues to assess common share repurchases on a quarter-by-quarter basis due to uncertainty regarding regulatory capital requirements. Overall, Citi's results reflect a multifaceted response to external pressures, emphasizing the importance of organizational resilience in navigating complex market conditions and ensuring operational continuity.