Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and the results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. The ability to compete will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. Changes in consumer behavior continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. The continuing trend of content owners delivering their content directly to consumers disrupts traditional media distribution business models despite our efforts to adapt our video service offerings and offer new services. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses, as a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Weak economic conditions in the United States, in Europe, or globally could adversely affect demand for our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights, and legal challenges to our intellectual property rights could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined from further use of the intellectual property in question. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, our ability to provide some products or services may be adversely affected. Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and are growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. The occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents may cause degradation or disruption of our network, products, and services, excessive call volume to call centers, and reputational impacts. Our businesses are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations, which impose additional costs and restrictions. Any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to our services or businesses could have an adverse impact on our businesses and results of operations. The loss of key management personnel could have an adverse effect on our businesses. Labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses. We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses, including global financial market turmoil and geopolitical risks. Natural disasters, severe weather, and other uncontrollable events could adversely affect our business, reputation, and results of operations. These events may result in lost revenue and large expenditures to repair or replace damaged properties and could lead to litigation and fines. We expect that we will continue to experience such events in the future, and there can be no assurance that any such event will not have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, or results of operations. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments, and our success is largely dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies. If we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers or that enhance our business operations, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.