Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic, and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. We continue to maintain high quality and diverse products as well as various clearing and market data services, which support our customers in any economic environment. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets. To do so, we must maintain and expand our product offerings, our customer base, and our trade execution facilities, our pre-and post-trade services, and clearing facilities. Our strategic business plan for our futures and options business is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing, and settlement business. We face intense competition from other companies, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition, and operating results will be materially harmed. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cybersecurity risks. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. We maintain risk management, compliance, and monitoring policies, procedures, and programs designed to prevent, detect, deter, monitor, and manage our risks, including enterprise risk, compliance, and internal audit programs. However, such policies, procedures, and programs may not be fully effective in their operation. Our technology, our customers, our people, and our third-party service providers are vulnerable to cybersecurity threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers' data or cause interruptions in our operations. We have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans, and established backup sites to provide operational resiliency. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete the development of, successfully implement, and maintain electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability, and resilience required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute, and monitor, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, a large number of transactions, which occur at high volumes and frequencies across multiple systems. We cannot assure that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume and order messaging traffic without failure or degradation of performance or speed. We depend on a number of suppliers for elements of our trading, clearing, and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment, computer hardware, and software. An interruption or cessation of an important supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our businesses and those of many of our clients have been and continue to be subject to extensive legislation and regulatory scrutiny, and we face the risk of continued increasing oversight and changes to our regulatory environment. Our strategic initiatives are designed to grow our business, including efforts to serve the OTC markets and to distribute our products and services on a global basis. We may not be successful in implementing all of the processes that are necessary to support our growth organically or through acquisitions, other investments, or strategic alliances and partnerships. The expansion of our global operations is complex and subjects us to increased business and economic risks that could adversely affect our financial results.