Our business could also be affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. Significant reductions in crude oil, bitumen, LNG, natural gas, and NGL prices could also require us to reduce our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets, or discontinue the classification of certain assets as proved reserves. Our ability to successfully develop our reserves depends on our achievement of a number of operational and strategic objectives, some aspects of which are beyond our control, including navigating political and regulatory challenges to obtain and renew rights to develop and produce hydrocarbons. Our operations are subject to a variety of hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight, such as the monitoring, prevention or mitigation of or protection from explosions, fires, product spills, severe weather, geological events, global health crises, labor disputes, geopolitical tensions, armed hostilities, terrorist or piracy attacks, sabotage, civil unrest or cyberattacks. Our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any of these hazards and risks or any other major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity. Our ability to manage risk or influence outcomes in joint ventures may be constrained. We conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which another joint venture partner is operator or we may not have majority control. In these cases, the economic, business, or legal interests or goals of the operator or the voting majority may be inconsistent with ours, and we may not be able to influence the decision-making or outcomes to align with our interests or goals. Our operations are subject to additional hazards concerning exposure to and potential release of pollutants and toxic substances, as well as other environmental hazards and risks. The exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly competitive industry. Our ability to successfully execute on our energy transition plans is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may be costly to achieve. Our ability to achieve stated targets, goals, and ambitions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties out of our control, government policies and markets, as well as potential regulations that may impair our ability to execute on current or future plans. We may be required to purchase emission credits in the future, and there may be an insufficient supply of offsets to achieve our goals, or we could incur increasingly greater expenses related to our purchase of such offsets. Our operations are subject to various hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight, including the monitoring, prevention, or mitigation of or protection from various threats. Our business continuity plans are designed to accommodate expected climatic conditions, but significant changes in the earth's climate could incur increased expenses and adversely impact our operations and supply chain. We strive to maintain our 'A'-rating, as we did throughout 2023. We believe that a successful business strategy in the E&P industry must be resilient in lower price environments while also retaining upside during periods of higher prices. Our foundational principles consist of maintaining balance sheet strength, providing peer-leading distributions, making disciplined investments, and demonstrating responsible and reliable ESG performance. Our triple mandate and foundational principles guide our differential value proposition to deliver competitive returns to stockholders through price cycles, supporting strong financial returns and mitigating uncertainty associated with volatile commodity prices. The energy transition will likely be complex, evolving over multiple decades with many possible pathways and uncertainties. By following our triple mandate, we intend to meet this challenge in an economically viable, accountable, and actionable way that creates long-term value for our stakeholders.