The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics, and the trading price of our common stock. Strain on our personnel resources and infrastructure from supporting our existing and growing customer base or an inability to scale our operations and increase productivity could impair our ability to execute our business plan. We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, including through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on and may stress the capabilities of our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that significant additional investments, including in human capital software, will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, to address the needs of our customers, to further develop and enhance our services, to expand into new geographic areas, and to scale with our overall growth. The additional investments we are making will increase our cost base, which will make it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to manage our projected growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train, and manage new employees as needed. Changes in our work environment and workforce in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic may create operational and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively impact our ability to increase employee productivity or attract and retain our employees and could adversely affect our operations. We regularly upgrade or replace our various software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter unforeseen problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations and our ability to manage our business could be negatively impacted. Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. The internet's infrastructure is run by a series of independent third-party organizations that work together to provide the infrastructure and supporting services of the internet. Any disruption or damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result in interruptions in our services and harm our business. We have from time to time experienced interruptions in our services and such interruptions may occur in the future. As we increase our reliance on these third-party systems, particularly with respect to third-party cloud computing platforms, our exposure to damage from service interruptions or other performance or quality issues may increase. Our corporate headquarters, and a significant portion of our personnel, research and development activities, and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay Area. Because we do not carry earthquake insurance for direct earthquake-related losses, significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, and our financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event. We recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted, and any of our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. These events in turn have impacts on inflation risks, food security, water security, and on our employees' health and well-being. Furthermore, failure to uphold, meet, or make timely forward progress against our public commitments and goals related to climate action could adversely affect our reputation with investors, suppliers, and customers, our financial performance, or our ability to recruit and retain talent.