As a global energy company, Chevron is subject to a variety of risks that could materially impact the company's results of operations and financial condition. Chevron evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other severe weather, which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. While capital investment reviews incorporate potential ranges of physical risks, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency, or severity of such events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures. Chevron has implemented a system of corporate policies, standards, processes, and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. The occurrence of a significant incident or series of events could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. Chevron's business is also affected by changing political, regulatory, and economic environments in the various countries in which it operates. Political instability and significant changes in the legal and regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business. The company's operations can be affected by changing political conditions that may threaten the safety of employees and the company's continued presence in those countries. Chevron is required to comply with sanctions and other trade laws, which could adversely impact the company's operations and financial results. The company has experienced and may be further challenged by increases in the impacts of international and domestic legislation, regulation, or other government actions relating to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance matters impacts the company, resulting in changes to the portfolio and company activities, increased costs, reduced demand for products, and potential reputational harm. The company has announced an aspiration to achieve net zero scope 1 and 2 emissions in upstream by 2050 and has set nearer-term greenhouse gas emission-related targets. However, achieving these aspirations is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of the company's control. The ultimate impact of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change-related agreements, legislation, regulation, and government actions on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain. Chevron's individual ambitions and future performance may differ from the ambitions of other organizations, and the company may unilaterally change its individual ambitions, aspirations, and goals.