Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns including pandemics, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Global health crises, pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks can adversely impact certain elements of our business and our financial statements. The global spread of covid-19 led to unprecedented restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, our communities and governments undertook to mitigate the spread. Our operational costs, including the cost of energy, materials, labor, distribution and our other operational and facilities costs are subject to market conditions, including inflationary pressures. Slower economic growth in the domestic and/or international markets, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, volatility in the currency and credit markets, high levels of unemployment or underemployment, labor availability constraints, and changes in capital requirements for financial institutions have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the company and its distributors, customers and suppliers. Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial statements, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. Our ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, as well as changes in the way healthcare services are delivered. The health care industry and related industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce costs, which can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our businesses operate in industries that have experienced and may experience periodic, cyclical downturns. Demand for our products and services is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, marketing or promotional programs, new product introductions, and changes in distributor or customer inventory levels. Our restructuring actions and other cost reduction efforts can have long-term adverse effects on our business and financial statements. Our operations, products and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities, costs and violations that could adversely affect our business and financial statements. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations. The company continues to generate substantial cash from operating activities and believes that its operating cash flow, cash on hand and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to allow it to continue investing in existing businesses, consummating strategic acquisitions and investments, paying interest and servicing debt, and managing its capital structure on a short-term and long-term basis. The company expects its 2024 effective tax rate to be approximately 17.5% which is higher than the 2023 rate due primarily to the impact of net discrete tax benefits on the 2023 effective tax rate that are not expected to repeat in 2024.