In evaluating our business, the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, should be carefully considered. Our business continuity and resilience strategies include maintaining programs to detect, contain, and respond to data, privacy, and security incidents. We have business continuation and resiliency plans which are maintained, updated, and tested regularly in an effort to ensure successful containment and remediation of potential disruptions or cyber events. Cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, and unauthorized access remain a priority for us. We face pressure to contain premium rates, and our customers may renegotiate their contracts to seek to contain their costs or may move to a competitor to obtain more favorable premiums. Our profitability depends on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and underwriting criteria. We are subject to risks associated with pandemics, large-scale medical emergencies, and public health crises, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. A pandemic or other large-scale medical emergency or public health crisis may cause illness, death, quarantines, business and school shutdowns, reductions in business activity, travel and financial transactions, unemployment, inflation, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions, and overall economic and financial market instability. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents as well as contingency plans and insurance coverage for potential liabilities of this nature. Our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are regularly the target of, and may be vulnerable to, cyber-attacks, security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, negligent or wrongful conduct by associates or others with permitted access to our systems and information, or other threats. We cannot ensure that we or our third-party service providers will be able to identify, prevent, or contain the effects of cyber-attacks or other cybersecurity risks that bypass our or their security measures or disrupt our or their information technology systems or business. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. Our information systems require ongoing investment and commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks, changing customer preferences, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and legal requirements. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments, and funds available under our credit facilities and/or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as provide us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We also expect to maintain our position by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high-quality provider networks, and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks. Our strategic initiatives are focused on enhancing our organizational resilience through innovation, operational flexibility, and effective resource deployment in response to external pressures and changing market dynamics.