We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to respond timely to changes, including enhancing our current products and services and developing and introducing new products and services, will significantly affect our future success. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships, our business may be adversely affected. The operations and systems of many participants in the global financial system are interconnected, and a disruption for any reason could impact our ability to obtain or provide information or cause funds to be moved in a manner to successfully deliver our products and services. We expect that unauthorized parties will continue to attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, and those of our clients, partners, and vendors, through various means and with increasing sophistication. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information, and preserving the confidentiality of this information is critical to our business. An operational failure that results in an interruption in the availability of our products and services could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. We may not be able to successfully or quickly recover all of our critical business functions, assets, and data through our business continuity program. As a provider of payments solutions and other financial services, clients, regulators, and others may require enhanced business continuity and disaster recovery plans, including frequent testing of such plans. Meeting these various requirements may require a significant investment of time and money. We believe that our merchant acquiring products and solutions create compelling value propositions for merchant clients of all sizes, which drives higher product attach rates with new and existing clients across all verticals. We are focused on driving growth and creating value by assembling a high-performing and diverse team, integrating our solutions, and delivering operational excellence. Our long-term priorities include meeting our financial commitments, deepening client relationships with an emphasis on digital solutions and value-added services, and generating integration value, including cost and revenue synergies from acquisitions. We actively monitor and manage our business in response to unpredictable geopolitical and market conditions, as they may adversely impact our operations and financial results. We expect to continue to derive revenue primarily from products and services we provide to the financial services industry and from our merchant acquiring business, which exposes us to global economic conditions. The evolving global regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has created a challenging operating environment for financial institutions, driving heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate revenue, comply with regulations, and enhance operating efficiency. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. We continue to allocate resources and assess performance based on our current reportable segment structure, which is designed to enhance operational performance in delivering our integrated portfolio of products and solutions.