Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations indicates that we continue to experience inflation pressure in our supply chain, as well as delays in sourcing key materials needed for our products and skilled labor shortages. This has delayed our ability to convert remaining performance obligations to revenue and negatively impacted our profit margins. While we expect the impact of inflation to continue to be challenging, we have taken and continue to take actions to limit this pressure, including lean initiatives to drive cost productivity, partnering with our suppliers and adjusting the pricing of our products and services. We are subject to complex global geopolitical forces, and due to an expansion of U.S. sanctions related to the ongoing Russia and Ukraine conflict, we recorded a charge primarily related to our power segment. Our segment operations are influenced by market and regulatory dynamics related to decarbonization, which will require a combination of technological innovation and operational flexibility to adapt to changing conditions. We are committed to investing in developing and maturing technologies that enable a more sustainable future of flight, which reflects our strategic initiatives to enhance operational resilience. Our grid solutions business is positioned to support grid expansion and modernization needs globally, addressing challenges of the energy transition by safely and reliably connecting intermittent renewable energy generation to transmission networks. We continue to focus on improving our overall quality and fleet availability while reducing product variants and deploying repairs across the fleet. The offshore wind industry currently faces challenges as companies attempt to increase output and reduce costs, and we are deploying countermeasures to combat these pressures while remaining committed to driving productivity and cost improvement. We believe our strong fundamentals position us to generate long-term profitable growth and higher cash flow over time, and we are proactively managing the impact of inflationary pressure by adjusting our pricing and collaborating with suppliers. Our corporate amounts related to revenues and earnings include results of disposed businesses and significant restructuring programs, which are excluded from measurement of segment operating performance. We maintain a disciplined financial policy with a focus on liquidity and define our liquidity risk tolerance based on sources and uses to maintain a sufficient liquidity position to meet our business needs under both normal and stressed conditions. Our cash generation can be subject to variability based on many factors, including seasonality and market conditions. We are also focused on risk management to ensure we are securing deals that meet our financial hurdles, where we have high confidence in delivering for our customers. The ongoing separation of GE Healthcare and the planned separation of GE Aerospace and GE Vernova into independent companies has impacted our operational continuity and is expected to continue to affect our financial strategies. We are committed to enhancing our organizational capabilities and resilience strategies to navigate future uncertainties effectively.