We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including operational risks that could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation, and cause losses. A failure or disruption in our infrastructure, or in the operational systems or infrastructure of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation, and cause losses. Our businesses, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, wars, extreme weather events, or other natural disasters. The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations through economic or financial market disruptions or challenging economic or market conditions more generally, the deterioration of our creditworthiness or that of our counterparties, changes in consumer sentiment, and operational difficulties. We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks, and our investing and financing activities may lead to situations where the holdings from these activities represent a significant portion of specific markets, which could restrict liquidity for our positions. Our liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability to raise or retain deposits, or an inability to access funds from our subsidiaries. We seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We have established a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our operational risk management framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. We have established policies that require all employees and consultants to report and escalate operational risk events. Our resilience framework defines the fundamental principles for business continuity planning and crisis management to ensure that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. We seek to maintain a business continuity program that is comprehensive and consistent on a firmwide basis, incorporating new information, including resilience capabilities. The firmwide operational risk and resilience committee is responsible for overseeing operational risk and the operational resilience of our business. We have made significant enhancements to our climate risk management framework, including steps to further integrate climate risk into our broader risk management processes. Our cybersecurity risk management processes are integrated into our overall risk management processes. We have established an information security and cybersecurity program to identify, assess, document, and mitigate threats, establish and evaluate compliance with information security mandates, and prevent, detect, and respond to security incidents. Our risk management governance structure includes the board, which oversees our risk management policies and practices, including cybersecurity risks. We have a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure, and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite. We believe that effective risk management is critical to our success, and we have established an enterprise risk management framework that employs a comprehensive, integrated approach to risk management.