The company continues to monitor the activities in corporate and all other to determine the need for further reportable business segment disaggregation. The company expects to report its financial performance based on this realignment effective with the first quarter of 2024. We believe this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors and management in understanding the ongoing operations and analysis of ongoing operating trends. The company has implemented mitigation strategies to reduce the impact of supply chain disruptions, including pricing actions, longer-term planning for constrained materials, material supply tracking tools, direct engagement with key suppliers to meet customer demand, and development of new or redesigned products that satisfy our product quality controls and engineering qualifications and/or any applicable regulatory requirements. The company seeks productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities, transitions to cost-competitive regions, and product line rationalizations. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution, additional unexpected costs, realization of fewer than estimated productivity improvements, and adverse effects on employee morale. The company continues to assess the relative strength of each business in its portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to identify target investment and acquisition opportunities in order to upgrade its combined portfolio. The company regularly reviews its portfolio of businesses and pursues growth through acquisitions and seeks to divest non-core businesses. The company has a comprehensive cybersecurity and information security risk management program that includes risk assessment and mitigation through a threat intelligence-driven approach, application controls, and security monitoring. The risk management program leverages international organization for standardizations (ISO) 22301 standards for business continuity and the national institute of standards and technology (NIST) cybersecurity framework for measuring overall readiness to respond to cyber threats. Honeywell has established cybersecurity and information security awareness training programs for employees. The company has a third-party risk management program that assesses risks from vendors and suppliers that provide key information and supply chain services. Honeywell maintains business continuity and disaster recovery plans as well as a cybersecurity insurance policy. The company has implemented short-term and long-term strategies to reduce the impact of such disruptions, including pricing actions, longer-term planning for constrained materials, material supply tracking tools, direct engagement with key suppliers to meet customer demand, and development of new or redesigned products that satisfy product quality controls and engineering qualifications. The company also recognizes liabilities for any contingency that is probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. The company continually assesses the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes in such matters, as well as potential ranges of probable losses, based on a careful analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel and, if applicable, other experts. The company does not expect that environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position. The company has a comprehensive offering of products, software, and technologies that are sold to a variety of customers in multiple end markets. The company recognizes revenue arising from performance obligations outlined in contracts with its customers that are satisfied at a point in time and over time. The company tracks progress on satisfying performance obligations under contracts with customers.