We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers and competitors; growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation; commodity, interest rate, inflation rate and financial markets volatility and uncertainty; growing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions; price volatility increasing customers' demand for risk management services; increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies; customers' preference to manage risk in markets demonstrating the greatest depth of liquidity and product diversity; the evolution of existing products and new product innovation to serve emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements; rising demand for speed, data, data capacity and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology; and consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing and listings. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, and prudently manage expenses, in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets and technology solutions. Our operating expenses increased $640 million in 2023 from 2022, primarily due to the impact of the black knight acquisition and the corresponding black knight related operating expenses. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year-to-year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integration of acquisitions, and other investments. Throughout 2023, we have closely monitored the credit worthiness of our counterparties and investment agents during the recent banking sector events, scrutinized counterparties directly impacted and monitored for any potential contagion. Our segments do not engage in intersegment transactions. We operate regulated marketplace technology for the listing, trading and clearing of a broad array of derivatives contracts and financial securities as well as data and connectivity services related to those venues. Our mortgage technology business is intended to enable greater workflow efficiency and mitigate risks for customers throughout the mortgage life cycle. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to help ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 52% in 2023. The increase in revenues includes favorable foreign exchange effects arising from fluctuations in the U.S. dollar in 2023 as compared to 2022. Our data and connectivity services revenues are recurring subscription fees related to the various data and connectivity services that we provide which are directly attributable to our exchange venues. We expect the macroeconomic environment to remain dynamic in the near-term, and we continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates, the inflationary environment, geopolitical events and military conflicts, including repercussions from the conflicts in Ukraine, Israel and Gaza and the impact that any of the foregoing may have on the global economy and on our business. We have a significant part of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses recorded in pounds sterling or euros. Our exposure to the net investment in foreign currencies is presented by primary foreign currencies. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using a current rate of exchange, with gains or losses included in the cumulative translation adjustment account, a component of equity.