An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. While we seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. The outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material effect on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business, and changes in the U.S. government's priorities or delays or reductions in spending could adversely affect our business. If appropriations are delayed or a government shutdown were to occur and continue for an extended period, we could be at risk of reduced orders, program cancellations, and other disruptions. Our ability to grow in key areas will be affected by the overall budget environment and whether development programs transition to production. We are subject to extensive procurement laws and regulations, including those that enable the U.S. government to terminate contracts for convenience. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we or those we do business with fail to comply with these laws and regulations. We must comply with extensive laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. government contracts. Our business is affected by geopolitical issues, and global conflicts have significantly elevated geopolitical tensions and security concerns, resulting in increased demand for some of our products and services. Supply chain disruptions persist, and we continue to experience supply chain challenges, including supplier shortages and performance issues, which have delayed certain customer deliveries and adversely impacted our performance. Heightened levels of inflation and the potential worsening of macroeconomic conditions present risks for us, our suppliers, and the stability of the broader defense industrial base. Our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly, identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture innovative products and services efficiently, and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. We are committed to our ongoing efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the cost competitiveness and affordability of our products and services. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies, products, and services and efficiently produce and deliver existing products. We invest substantially in our people to ensure that our workforce has the technical skills necessary to succeed. If we cannot adequately attract and retain personnel with the requisite skills or clearances in this competitive market, our performance and future prospects may be adversely affected. Cyber-attacks and other security threats and disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face a multitude of security threats, including cybersecurity threats ranging from attacks common to most industries to attacks from advanced adversaries. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could investigate the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. We are also affected by government procurement restrictions and issues affecting industry supply chains broadly. We seek to manage supply risk through long-term contracts, identifying domestic or other U.S. allied alternative sources of items, and maintaining an acceptable level of our key materials in inventories. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the current needs of our customers and the future requirements of 21st-century security.