We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, and implement related strategic initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience as they use computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. Our ability to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience is subject to a number of external factors. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics have required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. Our management, associates, and contractors have had to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. To the extent they are unable or unwilling to make these changes, we may be unable to realize the full benefits of our strategic initiatives and expand our relevant market access. Our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow our public image and reputation. Our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop with us, our vendors want to do business with us, and our associates want to work for us. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as to protect against loss or theft of our inventory. Disruptions in our supply chain and our fulfillment network for our products due to various factors including global health crises, geopolitical conflicts, and trade policy changes have affected and may continue to affect our business and results of operations. Catastrophic events, extreme weather conditions, public health crises, and global economic and political conditions may adversely affect our global supply chain. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. The execution of initiatives to transform our supply chain network could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these investments might not provide the anticipated benefits. Our investments to enhance and expand our supply chain might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete or realize anticipated benefits, or might fail altogether. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, associate, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information could adversely affect our business. Our business and operations are subject to risks related to the long-term effects of global climate change, including both physical risks and transition risks, which are expected to be widespread and unpredictable.