The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; therefore, we face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. Our management continuously reassesses strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. The economic, regulatory, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. We manage our expense levels based in part on our expectations of future revenues. Factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably include macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, changes in average selling prices, and customer mix. We face significant competition from multiple competitors, and with increased consolidation efforts in our industry, we may face increasing competitive pressures. To remain competitive, we must devote significant financial resources to offer products that meet our customers' needs and invest in product and process research and development. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. Our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products is crucial for our future success. We must continue to invest in research and development and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability. We are exposed to various risks related to new, different, inconsistent, or conflicting laws, rules, and regulations that may be enacted by legislative or executive bodies and/or regulatory agencies in the countries where we operate. Our business relies on technology, data, intellectual property, and other sensitive information that is susceptible to cybersecurity and other threats or incidents. We have implemented security procedures and virus protection software to mitigate risks to the information systems that we rely on. However, these security procedures cannot be guaranteed to be fail-safe. The COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacted our business, operations, and financial results, causing production delays, capacity limitations, and necessitating the implementation of business continuity plans. Our restructuring plan is intended to better align our cost structure with the current economic environment and future business opportunities, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in these plans. Disruptions to our supply chain and outsource providers could impact our ability to meet demand, increase our costs, and adversely impact our revenue and operating results. We are subject to risks relating to product concentration and lack of product revenue diversification, which could adversely affect our business. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success, and we face ongoing challenges due to intense competition for top talent. Our future success depends heavily on international sales and the management of global operations, which are subject to various challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations.