Increased regulation and oversight of payments systems, as well as increased exposure to regulation resulting from changes to products and services, have resulted in significant compliance and governance burdens or otherwise increased costs. The impact to business created by any new law, regulation, or designation is magnified by the potential it has to be replicated in, or conflict with, other jurisdictions, or involve other products within any particular jurisdiction. Our operations rely on the secure transmission, storage, and other processing of confidential, proprietary, sensitive, and personal information and technology in our computer systems and networks, as well as the systems of our third-party providers. Information security risks for payments and technology companies have significantly increased due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication of organized crime, hackers, and other external parties. Our transaction switching systems and other offerings have experienced interruptions as a result of technology malfunctions, supply-chain attacks, and other catastrophic events. We maintain an enterprise resiliency program to analyze risk, assess potential impacts, and develop effective response strategies. Our ability to adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards is critical for maintaining operational resilience. Additionally, we are subject to increasingly complex, fragmented, and divergent laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection, which may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur substantial compliance-related costs. The complexity of payment technology requires careful management to address information security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our core payment network. Our failure to effectively design and deliver multi-rail solutions and products could make our offerings less desirable to customers or put us at a competitive disadvantage. We face disintermediation risks as industry participants develop alternative capabilities that could facilitate transactions that compete with our core payment network. Our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and their ability to effectively manage our brands. The loss of business from one or more of our largest customers could lead to significant revenue decreases, which could adversely impact our overall business. Our investments in new networks, such as open banking solutions and digital identity capabilities, support and strengthen our payments and services solutions. We are required to constantly monitor our data practices and potentially change them when necessary or appropriate, particularly as it relates to the use of data in products leveraging artificial intelligence. The ability to attract and retain a highly qualified and diverse workforce is vital for our organizational health and success. Our performance largely depends on the skills, capabilities, and motivation of our employees, as well as the environment we create for them to enable them to perform their jobs effectively. The evolving nature of threats and our prominent role in the global payments ecosystem necessitate the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our computer systems, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access.