The company’s business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if it is not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change such as AI. The inability to successfully recover should the company experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. If a business continuity event occurs, the company could lose client or company data or experience interruptions to its operations or delivery of services to clients, which could have a material adverse effect. The risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, where the company has significant operations. The company regularly assesses and takes steps to improve its existing business continuity, disaster recovery and data recovery plans and key management succession. An extended outage could result in the loss of clients and a decline in revenues. The company faces significant competitive pressures in each of its businesses, including from disintermediation, as the competitive landscape continues to evolve. The company relies on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of its business operations and to provide services to clients, which may act or fail to act in ways that could harm the business. The company’s operations depend on its ability to protect its technology infrastructure against damage. The company is subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims, which may subject it to significant liability for monetary damages, negative publicity and reputational harm. The company may also be exposed to claims related to services or solutions offered by the consulting segment in addition to consulting services. The company’s business or reputation could be harmed by its reliance on third-party providers or introducers. The company cannot guarantee that it is or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable U.S. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation could have a material adverse effect on its business. The company’s investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, foreign exchange, market and interest rate risks. The company’s ability to collect its receivables could be adversely affected by macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions, which could cause clients to delay payments or default on their payment obligations. The company’s defined benefit pension plan obligations could cause its financial position, earnings and cash flows to fluctuate. The company’s significant non-U.S. operations expose it to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks that could impact its business. The company’s operations are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of various jurisdictions, and changes in applicable laws and regulations may impose additional and unforeseen costs or pose new risks. The company’s ability to compete successfully depends on various factors, including the quality and expertise of its colleagues, its geographic reach, and the sophistication and quality of its services. The company’s reliance on third-party vendors and service providers remains limited, and there can be no assurance that it can prevent, mitigate, or remediate the risk of any compromise or failure in the cybersecurity infrastructure owned or controlled by such third parties. The company’s ability to attract, retain and develop talent is critical to its success, and failure to maintain its corporate culture could damage its reputation. The company’s operations depend on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support its business processes and strategic initiatives.