Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and may materially affect actual results, often outside of our control. We may be unsuccessful in anticipating and responding to changes in adult tobacco consumer preferences and purchase behavior, particularly due to difficult economic conditions, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. Our ability to effectively respond to new and evolving adult tobacco consumer purchase behavior, catalyzed by challenging macroeconomic conditions, depends on our ability to promote brand equity successfully and broaden our product portfolios across price points and categories. We face significant competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to achieve our vision. The growth of innovative tobacco products has contributed to reductions in consumption levels and industry sales volumes. Our operating companies face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant manufacturing facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors, and distribution chain service providers. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier could adversely impact operations. Current macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical instability are causing worldwide disruptions and delays to supply chains, which limit access to and increase the cost of raw materials. We continue to work to mitigate the potential negative impacts of these macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics through proactive engagement with suppliers and distributors, development of alternative sourcing strategies, and prudent oversight of our liquidity. We may be required to recall products due to failure to meet quality standards, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. We face various risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, which could significantly disrupt our ability to operate our businesses in the ordinary course. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining a highly skilled and diverse workforce may be impaired by the decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco control actions. The actions and inaction of regulators, including the FDA, can result in competitive challenges and impact adult tobacco consumer acceptability of or access to tobacco products. We cannot predict whether regulators will permit the marketing or sale of any particular innovative products or whether they will impose a burdensome regulatory framework on such products. Disruption and uncertainty in the credit and capital markets could materially adversely affect our business, as access to these markets is important for satisfying our liquidity and financing needs. We may be unable to attract investors due to increasing expectations of our performance relating to corporate responsibility factors. Our reliance on information technology to support various business processes exposes us to risks, including cyber-attacks or security breaches, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are subject to a variety of continuously evolving laws and regulations regarding personal data protection, privacy, and information security, and failure to comply could result in significant costs and challenges. The expected benefits of our investments may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position or earnings. We regularly evaluate potential strategic transactions, and the success of any such transaction is dependent upon our ability to complete and realize the expected benefits. If we fail to manage strategic transactions effectively, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial position.