Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We embrace cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services that utilize ubiquitous computing and ambient intelligence to drive insights and productivity gains. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. Our success in driving ubiquitous computing and ambient intelligence will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to meet our business objectives. Whether we succeed in cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The investments we are making in cloud and AI infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We are focused on developing new AI platform services and incorporating AI into existing products and services. We expect these elements of our business to grow. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. We may experience quality or supply problems that could impact our ability to manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment. We are also limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. Changes to U.S. immigration policies that restrain the flow of technical and professional talent may inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and development efforts. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security, threat detection, and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. Cyberthreats can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our internal networks and systems and those of our partners and customers. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyberattack, terrorist attack, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. Our corporate headquarters and a significant portion of our research and development activities are in seismically active regions. The occurrence of regional epidemics or a global pandemic may adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations. We may incur increased costs to effectively manage these aspects of our business. If we are unsuccessful, it may adversely impact our revenues, cash flows, market share growth, and reputation. Our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks. The global nature of our business creates operational, economic, and geopolitical risks. Our results of operations may be affected by global, regional, and local economic developments, monetary policy, inflation, and recession, as well as political and military disputes.