Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. Disruptions to our manufacturing process from operational issues, natural disasters, or other events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including restrictions on sales of goods or services to one or more of our significant foreign customers, export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, customs regulations and processes, and restrictions on the transfer of funds. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences and possible climate changes, such as severe and variable weather and geological events resulting in increased costs, or disruptions to our manufacturing operations or those of our suppliers or customers. Our ability to procure components to repair equipment essential for our manufacturing processes could also be negatively impacted by various restrictions or disruptions in supply chains. The disruption of our supply of materials, components, or services, or the extension of our lead times could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have a broad portfolio of products to address our customers' needs, which span multiple market segments and are subject to rapid technological changes. Our inability to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have initiated a restructure plan in response to current market conditions. The 2023 restructure plan was substantially completed in 2023, and as a result, we expect to realize cost savings. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate, which has generally reduced per gigabit cost. We strive to balance our demand and supply for each technology node, but the dynamics of our markets and our customers can create periods of imbalance. Our inability to meet our customers' requirements or to qualify our products with them could adversely impact our revenue. We are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. We are increasingly differentiating our products and solutions to meet the specific demands of our customers, which increases our reliance on our customers' ability to accurately forecast the needs and preferences of their customers. Our inability to attract, retain, and motivate executives and other highly skilled, diverse employees, as well as effectively manage succession for key employees, may inhibit our ability to maintain or expand our business operations. We may not be able to achieve expected returns from capacity expansions, and significant judgment is required to determine which capital investments will result in optimal returns. Our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected by the availability and quality of materials, supplies, and capital equipment, or dependency on third-party service providers. Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services.