If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in providing compelling content, retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected. We must continually add new members both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. Our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling content choices that keep our members engaged with our service. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our services. As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing, technology and other services. As we grow our operations, we may face integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or companies we may acquire or control. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our corporate culture, as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members. If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, we may face regulatory scrutiny and our operating results may be adversely affected. Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. The risks associated with such acquisitions or investments include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies; and diversion of management's time and attention. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. As we have grown, we have seen a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. These matters have included copyright and other claims related to our content, patent infringement claims, tax litigation, employment related litigation, as well as consumer and securities class actions, each of which are typically expensive to defend. Our ability to generate advertising revenue is subject to various risks and will depend on a number of factors, including fluctuations in memberships, including those selecting the ad-supported subscription plan, and member engagement. We may also seek to extend our business into new products and services to help drive growth. If our efforts to develop and offer games are not valued by our current and future members, our ability to attract and retain members may be negatively impacted. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. If partners or other providers do a better job of connecting consumers with content they want to watch, our service may be adversely impacted. We are subject to payment processing risk. Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and direct carrier and partner billing. Our ability to provide our members with content they can enjoy depends on obtaining various rights from third parties upon terms acceptable to us. We may also face potential liability or may suffer significant losses in connection with these arrangements, including but not limited to if such third parties violate applicable law, become insolvent or engage in fraudulent behavior.