The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the now platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their c-suite, employees, and consumers. We have made, and will continue to make, substantial investments in data centers, geographic-specific service delivery models, and cloud computing infrastructure to support our growth. Our ability to adapt to customer privacy and security requirements as they change over time is critical to our operational flexibility. We participate in intensely competitive markets, and if we do not compete effectively, our business and operating results will be harmed. The pace of innovation will continue to accelerate as customers recognize the advantages of acquiring leading digital technologies and adopting modern cloud-based infrastructure. Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our management team, particularly our chief executive officer and other members of our executive staff. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, flooding, fire, extreme heat, pandemics, terrorism, political unrest, telecommunications failure, vandalism, cyberattacks, geopolitical instability, and war. While we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such planning may not account for all possible events, and the occurrence of such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers. We have observed attempts by third parties to induce or deceive our employees, contractors, or users to fraudulently obtain access to our or our customers' data or assets. Our ability to monitor the data security measures of our third-party providers is limited, and we necessarily depend in part on our providers to have in place and maintain adequate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, cyberattacks, and the mishandling of data. Our growing business operations increase our exposure to cyberattacks by a range of actors. We have identified vulnerabilities in our products and services in the past and will continue to do so in the future. Our cybersecurity threats are not limited to actors operating in the systems we control directly. We have experienced security incidents that resulted in unauthorized access to, loss, or inadvertent disclosure of confidential, proprietary, and sensitive information. An actual or perceived security breach can have a material effect on our operations, finances, and reputation. The adverse consequences can include accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access to data, disruptions to our services, and reputational damage. Our ability to effectively deliver digital transformation process planning, IT systems architecture planning, and product implementation services that our customers require to be successful is essential. We rely on our network of partners for an increasing portion of our revenues, and if these partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products may be impacted. We have made significant investments to support our efforts to sell to governmental and heavily-regulated entities. The procurement process for governments and their agencies is highly competitive and time-consuming, which may involve different rules and conditions on the offering or pricing of products and services. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth may depend on our success in recruiting, training, and retaining sufficient qualified personnel to support our growth. Our subscription model makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenues through additional sales in any period, as revenues from new customers are generally recognized over the applicable subscription term. We will continue to monitor the direct and indirect impact of macroeconomic events on our business and financial results.