The following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, or reputation, which could cause our stock price to decline. Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry may adversely impact our financial results. Our success depends on our ability to timely identify industry changes, adapt our strategies, and develop new or enhance and maintain existing products and technologies that meet the evolving needs of these markets. Business disruptions could harm our operations and financial results. Our corporate headquarters and a portion of our research and development activities are located in California, making our operations vulnerable to natural disasters such as earthquakes and wildfires. Our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. We are monitoring the impact of geopolitical conflicts on our operations, including the health and safety of our employees in affected regions. Our ability to recover from ransomware attacks may be limited if our backups have been affected by the attack. We rely on third-party suppliers to operate certain critical business systems, which exposes us to supply-chain attacks or other business disruptions. We continuously manage product availability and costs with our vendors. Our operations could be disrupted by natural disasters, power shortages, telecommunications failures, and other catastrophic events. Our ability to sell certain products has been impeded if components necessary for the finished products are not available from third parties. We may incur inventory provisions or impairments if our inventory or supply commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines. The increasing frequency and complexity of newly introduced products may result in unanticipated quality or production issues that could increase the magnitude of inventory provisions. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our executives and key employees is critical to our business success. We rely upon internal processes and information systems to support key business functions, and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business. Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate due to numerous risk factors. We are subject to complex laws, rules, and regulations, and political actions may adversely impact our business. We face additional risks related to acquisitions and strategic investments, including the diversion of capital and other resources. We have invested in research and development in markets where we have a limited operating history, which may not produce meaningful revenue for several years. Our ability to comply with our contractual obligations to customers may be affected by changes in business and economic conditions. We may not achieve our stated sustainability-related goals, which could harm our reputation. Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. The ultimate impact of geopolitical tensions on our operations is unknown. We must also continue to develop our security measures, including training programs and security awareness initiatives. We may also experience contractual disputes due to supply chain delays arising from climate change-related disruptions. Our ability to forecast operating results and make business decisions may be limited by adverse economic conditions. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities and diversification of investment types. We may incur significant costs and may not achieve any significant revenue from new offerings. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws, higher than expected tax rates, and other tax-related factors.