We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. We may be unsuccessful in developing and selling new products and services, integrating acquired products and services, and enhancing our existing products and services. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. Our profitability and revenues could be adversely impacted if we lost one or more of our key customers for any reason. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames or if infrastructure costs to deliver new or enhanced products and services take longer or result in greater costs than anticipated. We face intense competition in all aspects of our business, and the nature of the IT industry creates a competitive landscape that is constantly evolving. Our enterprise cloud, license, and hardware offerings compete directly with offerings from some of the largest and most competitive companies in the world. The increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed. We may experience volatility in our reported revenues and operating results due to the differences in timing of revenue recognition between our cloud license and on-premise license arrangements relative to our cloud offering arrangements. Our periodic workforce restructurings and reorganizations can be disruptive, resulting in increased restructuring costs and temporary reduced productivity while employees adjust to their new roles and responsibilities. We rely on hiring qualified employees and the continued service of our senior management. Hiring freezes or slowdowns may result in decreased productivity while existing employees take on additional roles and responsibilities, leading to a shortage of sufficiently skilled employees. We may also experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by improved productivity or higher sales. Our supply chain operations could be disrupted by industry consolidation, natural disasters, political unrest, or other factors affecting the countries or regions where our suppliers are located. If we experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings, our products and services may not function properly, which could adversely affect market acceptance. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected how we and our customers operate our businesses, and if we are not able to respond to and manage future impacts effectively, our business will be harmed. Our operations are subject to various legal proceedings, and adverse litigation results could affect our business. We continually focus on improving our cost structure by hiring personnel in countries where advanced technical expertise is available at lower costs. Our selective and active acquisition program is an important element of our corporate strategy, but risks associated with acquisitions include potential disruptions to our ongoing business and difficulties in integrating acquired technologies. We expect to continue to make investments in research and development to maintain our competitive position and adapt to changing market conditions.