This section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation, or credit ratings could be adversely affected now and in the future, potentially in a material way. The negotiating power of managed care organizations and other private third-party payors has increased due to consolidation, and they increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs. We may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products, or fail to obtain such formulary placement at favorable pricing net of rebates. Competitive product launches have and may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in product obsolescence. Our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earnings growth, primarily through internal R&D or through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures, licensing, or other arrangements. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. We may fail to correctly identify compounds or indications for which our science is promising or allocate R&D investment resources efficiently. We operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency and interest rate fluctuations; capital and exchange controls; local and global economic conditions including inflation, recession, volatility, and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets; expropriation and other restrictive government actions; changes in intellectual property; legal protections and remedies; trade regulations; tax laws and regulations; and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for, and access to our products. Our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and any growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. We could encounter difficulties, delays, or inefficiencies in our supply chain, product manufacturing, and distribution networks due to regulatory actions, shut-downs, work stoppages, or strikes. Our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC was damaged by a tornado in July 2023. While manufacturing has resumed, the supply of medicines impacted by the tornado is expected to be affected through 2024. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of these parties to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations or to meet their contractual or other obligations to us could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing, or commercialization of our products and product candidates. We are also subject to various legal proceedings, including patent litigation, product liability, and other product-related litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our ability to realize value on significant investments in intangible assets is contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals and market acceptance. We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products. Our 2024 key priorities include achieving world-class oncology leadership, delivering the next wave of pipeline innovation, maximizing performance of our new products, and allocating capital to enhance shareholder value.