Our business depends on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our systems, facilities, and business functions, and the operation of various third-party systems. The shut-down, disruption, degradation, or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. System redundancy and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Catastrophe events that affect one of our larger office locations, significant technology/data centers, or critical communications facilities may heighten this risk. Our business could be materially adversely affected by a security breach or other attack involving our technology systems or the systems of one or more of our vendors. We undertake substantial efforts and expend significant resources to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information, and our information security efforts are designed to evolve with the changing security threat environment through ongoing assessment and measurement. Our ability to develop and implement innovative products and services, which may include technological advances, that are accepted and valued by our customers is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. If we do not handle transitions effectively and bring innovations to market with requisite speed and agility, the quality of our products and services, our relationships with our customers and agents, and our business prospects may be materially adversely affected. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent, including employees, managers, and executives. Our workplace policies could impact our ability to attract and retain talent with needed skills, knowledge, and experiences. We must accurately evaluate and pay claims that are made under our insurance policies, and our failure to pay claims fairly, accurately, and in a timely manner could result in unanticipated costs, undermine customer goodwill, and impair our brand. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by state insurance departments, and compliance with laws and regulations often results in increased costs, which can adversely affect our profitability. The pace of change in laws or regulations increases the risk of being unable to respond to evolving business conditions. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics, or other widespread health risks, which could exacerbate the impacts of many of the other risk factors described. Our ability to adjust claims accurately is critical to our success, and our financial condition may be adversely affected if one or more parties with which we enter into significant contracts become insolvent or default in their obligations. The highly competitive nature of the insurance marketplace could result in consolidation within the industry, and the concentration of insurance business in a reduced number of major competitors could significantly increase competition. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to accurately predict our reinsurance needs, obtain sufficient reinsurance coverage at reasonable cost, and collect under our reinsurance contracts. An increase in the frequency, severity, or duration of severe weather or other catastrophes could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Our long-term business strategy and efforts to acquire or develop new products or enter new areas of business may not be successful and may create enhanced risks. We believe that maintaining and improving the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns is critical to our business, and our brand and reputation could be adversely affected by situations that reflect negatively on us.