Our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity can be impacted by changes in global economic conditions, international relations, and geopolitical events, including inflation and credit market conditions. The current global supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures have negatively affected our performance and are expected to continue to do so. High inflation levels have increased material and component prices, labor rates, and supplier costs. Interest rate increases have created financial market volatility and could negatively impact financial markets, leading to an economic downturn or recession, which may tighten the availability of capital for the company. Our global business is adversely affected by decreases in the general level of economic activity, such as decreases in business and consumer spending and government procurement. Changes in U.S. government defense spending could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, and overall business. We may experience disruptions to federal government offices, workers, and operations, including risks relating to the funding of certain programs, stop work orders, and delays in contract awards. The significance of these impacts will primarily be based on the length of the continuing resolution or shutdown. We face risks relating to our U.S. government contracts and programs, including performance delays, cost overruns, and product failures, which could negatively impact our reputation and competitive position. Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with political and economic factors, regulatory requirements, competition, and other risks. Events such as increased trade restrictions or geopolitical uncertainties can affect demand for our products and services. Our performance is also sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, foreign government budgets, and regional and local political and economic factors. We continue to monitor developments in the war between Israel and Hamas, including potential impacts to our business, customers, suppliers, and operations. Our financial performance is dependent on the condition of the aerospace industry, which is cyclical in nature. The introduction of new products and technologies involves risks, and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. We invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies aimed at meeting the evolving needs of our customers. Our ability to realize anticipated benefits depends on various factors, including execution of internal and external performance plans, achieving cost and production efficiencies, and the level of customer interest in new technologies. We face operational risks from cyber-attacks on our information technology infrastructure and products, which could disrupt our systems or those of third parties. We are also dependent on a global supply chain and have experienced supply chain disruptions that resulted in delays and increased costs. These disruptions have been driven by supply chain market constraints and macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and labor market shortages. We have implemented actions and programs to mitigate some of the impacts but anticipate supply chain disruptions to continue. Our ability to access global debt markets and the related cost of these borrowings depends on the strength of our credit rating and market conditions. We continue to pursue strategic and operational initiatives to help address macroeconomic pressures, including digital transformation and operational modernization. The impact of these pressures and corresponding initiatives is uncertain and subject to a range of factors and future developments.