The risks and uncertainties described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, and other types of data and information in our information systems and networks and those of our third-party service providers. Cyber threats continue to evolve and are becoming increasingly sophisticated, which could defeat the measures we take to anticipate, detect, avoid, or mitigate such threats. We devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes designed to protect the security of our information systems. However, such measures may be circumvented or become obsolete, and additional measures may be expensive or ineffective. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. Our ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which we are located. We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems, applications, and services to support key product and service offerings. Our efforts to secure and plan for potential disruptions of our major operating systems may not be successful. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain key operating areas could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss. We are exposed to vulnerabilities in widely deployed third-party software, which require us to devote time and resources to remediation regularly. Our business is impacted by general economic conditions and volatility in the U.S. and world commodity and financial markets. Economic conditions and volatility across the globe are generally affected by negative or uncertain economic and political conditions, including natural and man-made disasters and public health crises. Our inability to innovate and compete with new or enhanced products and services could impact our profitability. We operate in highly competitive markets that continuously change to adapt to customer needs. Our strategy includes enhancing customer support and seamless user experience, continuing to fund and accelerate key growth areas, and driving continuous commitment to risk management, compliance, and control. We face risks relating to legal proceedings, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations, and inquiries that could have a material adverse effect on our business. The financial services industry is highly regulated, rapidly evolving, and subject to the potential for increasing regulation. Our ability to meet our payment and other obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flow in the future. We are also subject to various laws and regulations governing the protection of personal and confidential information, which may impact our financial results. The landscape related to international trade restraints and economic sanctions regulations presents compliance challenges that could adversely affect our ability to market and sell our products and services. Our reputation, credibility, and brand are key assets that may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace, and negative perceptions or publicity could damage our reputation with customers, prospects, regulators, and the public generally.