In addition to the other information set forth in this document, we believe that macro-economic factors, including adverse changes in the U.S. securities markets, increasing interest rates, and rising inflation, could materially increase our benefit plan costs and future funding requirements. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs, which can be affected by lower returns on assets held by our pension and other benefit plans. Significant adverse changes in capital markets could result in the deterioration of our defined benefit plans' funded status. Inflationary pressures on costs may impact our financial condition or results of operations. We depend on suppliers to provide us with items such as network equipment and customer premises equipment, and these inputs are subject to price fluctuations from various factors beyond our control. Our attempts to offset these cost pressures may not be successful, and higher product prices may result in reductions in sales volume. Adverse changes in global financial markets could limit our ability to access capital or increase the cost of capital needed to fund business operations. We may not be able to offset any cost increases through productivity and cost-saving initiatives, and our international operations increase our exposure to political instability and changes in the international economy. Changes to federal, state, and foreign government regulations could further increase our operating costs and alter customer perceptions of our operations. The effects of climate change may impose risks of damage to our infrastructure and disrupt our ability to provide services. Extreme weather events precipitated by long-term climate change have the potential to directly damage network facilities or disrupt our ability to build and maintain portions of our network. Any such disruption could delay network deployment plans, interrupt service for our customers, and have a negative effect on our operating results. We expect our growth to come from wireless and IP-based fiber broadband services, and we plan to continue to rationalize our product portfolio with a longer-term shift of the business to fiber and mobile connectivity. We are also focusing on efficiency through our cost transformation initiative, which includes restructuring businesses, sunsetting legacy networks, and improving customer service through digital transformation. We expect that the software benefits of our 5G wireless technology will result in a more efficient use of capital and lower network-related expenses in the coming years. Our ability to address competition and capacity constraints will depend on continued improvement in network quality and customer service, as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. We are subject to risks related to public health crises, which may cause negative effects on our operating results, including closure of retail stores and reduced staffing levels. Cyberattacks impacting our networks or systems may have a material adverse effect on our operations, and we undertake extensive efforts to develop and test systems before deployment to prevent and withstand such attacks. Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, or terrorist acts could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations. Our system redundancy and other measures to protect our infrastructure may be ineffective or inadequate to sustain our operations through all such events. We must continually invest in our networks to improve our services to meet increasing demand and changes in customer expectations while remaining competitive.