The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully, in connection with all the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our customer transactions and our sales, margins, and other financial results could be adversely affected if we do not obtain and allocate the right merchandise at the right times, in the right quantities, at the right prices, in the right mix, and in the right geographies. Our ability to allocate, deliver, and maintain our preferred mix and level of inventory has been impacted in recent years by temporary store closures, inflationary pressures, global supply chain disruptions, and other challenges, as a result of events, including the global COVID-19 pandemic. Although our business model allows us greater flexibility to meet consumer product preferences and trends than many traditional retailers, we may not successfully do so, which could impact inventory turns, customer transactions, and sales. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on our information technology systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates, and other persons, as well as information of our business and of our suppliers, service providers, and other third parties. These systems require us to accurately anticipate our current and future IT needs, including successfully developing, implementing, and maintaining appropriate systems and adopting new technologies appropriately and in a timely manner. Our business depends upon strong cash flows from our operations to supply capital to fund our operations, anticipated growth, and any stock repurchases and dividends. Our performance also depends on recruiting, hiring, developing, training, and retaining talented associates in key areas such as buying, management, information technology functions, and other corporate areas. We must constantly recruit new associates to fill entry-level and part-time positions, which have high rates of turnover. If we do not effectively attract qualified individuals, train them in our business model, support their development, engage them in our business, and retain them in sufficient numbers, our growth could be limited, and the successful execution of our business model could be adversely affected. Our customer relationships and our reputation are based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities. Incidents that erode trust or confidence in our company could adversely affect our reputation and thereby impact our business. We have a significant retail presence in several countries, and risks are inherent in opening and developing operations in new countries, including those related to compliance under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding within our current markets and/or into new geographic regions, appropriately calibrating product lines and channels, including e-commerce, and, as appropriate, adding new businesses. We may not be able to compete effectively in highly competitive markets, and failure to implement our marketing efforts could adversely affect our revenue or results of operations. Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to matters relating to environmental sustainability, human capital management, social compliance, and governance. These initiatives may be considered to be overreaching by some stakeholders and inadequate by others. Our failure, or perceived failure, with these initiatives or more generally to manage reputational threats and meet shifting stakeholder expectations could negatively impact our brand, image, reputation, credibility, associate retention, and the willingness of our customers and suppliers to do business with us.