The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, respond to introductions of new products by competitors, and maintain quality to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. The ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on maintaining the safety and health of our factory employees. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health emergencies, epidemics, pandemics, and other health outbreaks, including the COVID-19 pandemic. COVID-19 had an adverse impact on certain of our operations, supply chains, and distribution systems, and we may experience unpredictable reductions in supply and demand for certain of our products and services. Natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, and other catastrophic events may disrupt our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend. Our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. We face increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to our environmental, social, and governance practices and disclosures, including practices and disclosures related to climate change, diversity and inclusion, and governance standards. The heightened stakeholder focus on ESG issues requires continuous monitoring of various and evolving laws, regulations, standards, and expectations. Our ability to realize the value of goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses, which in turn depend on how well we have integrated these businesses. Our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials or components could cause production interruptions, delays, and inefficiencies. The supply chains for our businesses could also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, bankruptcy, or exiting the business for other reasons. A significant cyber-attack or other disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could adversely harm our operating results and financial condition. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations. If we are unable to service our debt, refinance our existing debt, or obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay strategic acquisitions, capital expenditures, or research and development expenditures. Our success is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain a highly qualified workforce, comprised of scientific, technical, clinical, and management talent. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign, and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of the FDA, the DEA, and various state boards of pharmacy. A failure to comply with these requirements could result in significant penalties and adversely affect our business. The company is contingently liable with respect to certain legal proceedings and related matters. An unfavorable outcome that differs materially from current accrual estimates could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position as well as its results of operations and cash flows. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future.