We may experience delays in launching and ramping the production of our products and features, or we may be unable to control our manufacturing costs. Bottlenecks and other unexpected challenges may arise during our production ramps, and we must address them promptly while continuing to improve manufacturing processes and reducing costs. Unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, trade policies, natural disasters, health epidemics, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers' control could also affect these suppliers' ability to deliver components to us or to remain solvent and operational. Any delay or other complication in ramping the production of our current products or the development, manufacture, launch, and production ramp of our future products may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Our ability to increase production of our vehicles on a sustained basis is dependent on the construction and ramp of our current and future factories, which are subject to uncertainties inherent in all new manufacturing operations, including ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements and supply chain constraints. We will have to establish and ramp production of our proprietary battery cells and packs at our new factories, and we intend to incorporate sequential design and manufacturing changes into vehicles manufactured at each new factory. Our ability to grow our global product sales, delivery, and installation capabilities is dependent on our ability to continue to expand our sales capabilities. We are targeting a global mass demographic with a broad range of potential customers, in which we have relatively limited experience projecting demand and pricing our products. We must work constantly to increase vehicle delivery capability so that it does not become a bottleneck on our total deliveries. As we expand our manufacturing operations globally, we will also have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing, and charging infrastructure accordingly. Our future growth and success are dependent upon consumers' demand for electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles in an automotive industry that is generally competitive, cyclical, and volatile. We continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate. We may incur expenses or delays relating to events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, wars, or health epidemics. Our operations could be adversely affected by events outside of our control, and we may be impacted by natural disasters, wars, health epidemics, and other events. If major disasters occur, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. Our ability to manage growth effectively is crucial, as we face strong competition for our products and services from a growing list of established and new competitors. We must maintain and significantly grow our access to battery cells, including through the development and manufacture of our own cells. Our business may suffer if our products or features contain defects, fail to perform as expected, or take longer than expected to become fully functional. We face risks associated with maintaining and expanding our international operations, including unfavorable and uncertain regulatory, political, economic, tax, and labor conditions. Our ability to adapt to changing conditions and maintain operational continuity is essential for our organizational resilience.