We have business continuation and resiliency plans which are maintained, updated and tested regularly in an effort to contain and remediate potential disruptions or cyber events. Our business depends on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. If we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade or expand our existing information systems, our business could be materially and adversely affected. We routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information subject to privacy, security or data breach notification laws. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber-attacks and other security threats and have previously been, and may in the future be, subject to compromises of the information technology systems we use. We expect that we will continue to experience these incidents, some of which may negatively affect our business. We have programs in place to detect, contain and respond to data security incidents and provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware and other cyber threats to protect against cyber risks and security incidents. Our health care benefits businesses have risk-based arrangements with some physicians, hospitals and other health care providers. These arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs, but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care providers. We depend substantially on our continued ability to contract with health care payers, as well as physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and other care and service providers at competitive prices. If we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers, our failure to do so could materially and adversely affect our business. We face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity in the industries in which we operate, among both our competitors and suppliers. Our success in the health care marketplace and future growth depends on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. We are working to accelerate this vision through the innovation and integration of our care delivery models including in-clinic, in-home, behavioral and virtual care, and by using our data and analytics to provide clinicians with the necessary information in order to provide the best possible care in the most cost-efficient setting. Enhanced clinical engagement is a critical step to improving the health outcomes of the people we serve and should result in lower costs to the overall health system over time. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. Our ability to protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with changes in information processing technology will require an ongoing commitment of significant development and operational resources. If these commitments fail to provide the anticipated benefits, we could be exposed to reputational harm and experience adverse effects on our business. We may not successfully implement our initiatives to consolidate the number of systems we operate, upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities, integrate and enhance our systems and develop new systems to keep pace with recent regulations and changes in information processing technology.