The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. The retail business continues to rapidly evolve, and consumers increasingly embrace digital shopping. Our strategy, which includes investments in e-commerce, technology, talent, supply chain automation, acquisitions, joint ventures, store remodels, and other customer initiatives, may not adequately or effectively allow us to continue to grow our e-commerce business, increase comparable sales, maintain or grow our overall market position, or offset the impact of a moderated pace of new store and club openings. The success of this strategy will depend on our ability to build and deliver a seamless omni-channel shopping experience and interconnected ecosystem for our customers. Our ability to predict and adapt to changing tastes and preferences depends on many factors, including obtaining accurate and relevant data on customer preferences, effectively managing our inventory levels, and implementing competitive pricing and promotion strategies. We must continue to preserve our reputation, which is impacted based on public perceptions. Negative incidents involving us or others with whom we do business could quickly erode trust and confidence in our business and could result in consumer boycotts and workforce unrest. Moreover, failure to adequately predict customer demand and optimize our distribution and fulfillment centers could result in excess or insufficient inventory, service interruptions, and increased costs. Global or regional health pandemics or epidemics, such as COVID-19, could negatively impact our business, financial position, and results of operations. The emergence, severity, magnitude, and duration of global or regional pandemics are uncertain and difficult to predict. A pandemic could impact our business operations, demand for our products and services, access to inventory, supply chain operations, and our financial performance. Natural disasters, climate change, geopolitical events, and catastrophic events could materially adversely affect our financial performance. The occurrence of such events could result in physical damage to our properties, closure of stores, limitations on operating hours, and disruption in our supply chain. We bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage to our properties, theft, and business interruption caused by such events. Our operations in the U.S. comprise a significant portion of our financial performance, and any matters impacting the U.S. could adversely affect our results. We face strong competition from other retailers and businesses, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our ability to attract and retain qualified associates is critical to our business success, and increased competition for talent could result in increased associate costs or make it more difficult to recruit and retain associates. Our business is also subject to numerous risks, including changes in laws and regulations, legal proceedings, and compliance obligations, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial performance. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations. Our strategic initiatives focus on building operational resilience through investments in technology, supply chain, and customer-facing initiatives to enhance our competitive position and ensure business continuity in the face of external pressures and disruptions.