Our management attributes the company’s ability to maintain performance under internal and external pressures to a combination of diversified resources, strategic initiatives and proactive risk management.  We believe “our investment grade credit profile reflects the size and diversity of our product portfolio, our leading share position in several of our served markets, our strong cash flow, our solid financial fundamentals and our financial strategy,” and we “invest excess cash on hand in short-term financial instruments that earn market interest rates while mitigating principal risk through instrument and counterparty diversification” and “limit our direct exposure to securities in any one industry or issuer.”  Based on our current business plan, “we believe our existing balance of cash and cash equivalents, future cash generated from operations, access to capital markets and existing credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations, invest in our infrastructure, pay our legal-related liabilities, pay taxes due, fund possible mergers and/or acquisitions and service and repay our existing debt.”  Our “cash generated from operations continues to be a significant source of funds for investing in our growth, including acquisitions and strategic alliances, managing our contingencies and reducing our debt levels.”  We have integrated recent acquisitions—“we are in the process of integrating Symetis into our interventional cardiology business and expect the integration to be substantially complete by the end of 2018,” and “in 2017, we substantially completed the process of integrating EndoChoice into our endoscopy business”—while targeted cost reduction and process improvement programs have driven gross profit margin expansion, as “the primary factor contributing to the increase in our gross profit margin for 2017 and 2016 … was the positive impacts of cost reductions as a result of our process improvement programs and restructuring programs.”  Our restructuring plans are designed to “reduce gross annual expenses by approximately $165 million to $175 million by the end of 2020 as program benefits are realized,” with a substantial portion of savings “being reinvested in strategic growth initiatives.”  At the same time, we “remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses,” with R&D expenditures rising to maintain a pipeline of new products “that we believe will contribute to profitable sales growth.”  We employ receivables financing and contingent consideration frameworks to preserve working capital and carefully manage debt covenants, and acknowledge that “our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors, some of which are outside our control,” which could otherwise limit our ability to execute business plans and sustain financial strength under varied conditions.