item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion and analysis also contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the disclosures and information contained in "disclosure regarding forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.
we use the terms "accenture," "we," the "company," "our" and "us" in this report to refer to accenture plc and its subsidiaries. all references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on august 31. for example, a reference to "fiscal 2016" means the 12-month period that ended on august 31, 2016. all references to quarters, unless otherwise noted, refer to the quarters of our fiscal year.
we use the term "in local currency" so that certain financial results may be viewed without the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of business performance. financial results "in local currency" are calculated by restating current period activity into u.s. dollars using the comparable prior year period's foreign currency exchange rates. this approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar.
overview revenues are driven by the ability of our executives to secure new contracts and to deliver services and solutions that add value relevant to our clients' current needs and challenges. the level of revenues we achieve is based on our ability to deliver market-leading service offerings and to deploy skilled teams of professionals quickly and on a global basis.
our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and levels of business confidence. there continues to be significant volatility and economic and geopolitical uncertainty in many markets around the world, which may impact our business. we continue to monitor the impact of this volatility and uncertainty and seek to manage our costs in order to respond to changing conditions. there also continues to be significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. the majority of our net revenues are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the euro and the u.k. pound. unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had and could have in the future a material effect on our financial results.
revenues before reimbursements ("net revenues") for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 increased 8% in u.s. dollars and 9% in local currency compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. net revenues for fiscal 2016 increased 6% in u.s. dollars and 10% in local currency compared to fiscal 2015. demand for our services and solutions continued to be strong, resulting in growth across all areas of our business. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, revenue growth in local currency was significant in products and strong in health & public service and financial services. communications, media & technology revenue growth in local currency was solid, while resources was flat. revenue growth in local currency was very strong in consulting and solid in outsourcing during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. while the business environment remained competitive, we experienced pricing improvement in several areas of our business in fiscal 2016. we use the term "pricing" to mean the contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell.
in our consulting business, net revenues for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 increased 11% in u.s. dollars and 13% in local currency compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. net consulting revenues for fiscal 2016 increased 10% in u.s. dollars and 15% in local currency compared to fiscal 2015. consulting revenue growth in local currency in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was led by very significant growth in products, as well as strong growth in financial services, health & public service and communications, media & technology, while resources had a slight decline. we continue to experience growing demand for digital-related services and assisting clients with the adoption of new technologies. in addition, clients continued to be focused on initiatives designed to deliver cost savings and operational efficiency, as well as projects to integrate their global operations and grow and transform their businesses. compared to fiscal 2015, we continued to provide a greater proportion of systems integration consulting through use of lower cost resources in our global delivery network. this trend has resulted in work volume growing faster than revenue in our systems integration business, and we expect this trend to continue.
in our outsourcing business, net revenues for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 increased 4% in u.s. dollars and 6% in local currency compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. net outsourcing revenues for fiscal 2016 increased 1% in u.s. dollars and 6% in local currency compared to fiscal 2015. outsourcing revenue growth in local currency in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was driven by very strong growth in health & public service as well as solid growth in products and financial services. we are experiencing growing demand to assist clients with cloud enablement and the operation and maintenance of digital-related services. in addition, clients continue to be focused on transforming as we are a global company, our revenues are denominated in multiple currencies and may be significantly affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. if the u.s. dollar strengthens against other currencies, resulting in unfavorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in u.s. dollars may be lower. if the u.s. dollar weakens against other currencies, resulting in favorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in u.s. dollars may be higher. when compared to the same periods in fiscal 2015, the u.s. dollar strengthened against many currencies during the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended august 31, 2016, resulting in unfavorable currency translation and u.s. dollar revenue growth that was approximately 2% and 5% lower, respectively, than our revenue growth in local currency. assuming that exchange rates stay within recent ranges for fiscal 2017, we estimate that our full fiscal 2017 revenue growth in u.s. dollars will be approximately equal to our revenue growth in local currency.
the primary categories of operating expenses include cost of services, sales and marketing and general and administrative costs. cost of services is primarily driven by the cost of client-service personnel, which consists mainly of compensation, subcontractor and other personnel costs, and non-payroll costs on outsourcing contracts. cost of services includes a variety of activities such as: contract delivery; recruiting and training; software development; and integration of acquisitions. sales and marketing costs are driven primarily by: compensation costs for business development activities; marketing- and advertising-related activities; and certain acquisition-related costs. general and administrative costs primarily include costs for non-client-facing personnel, information systems and office space.
utilization for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was 92%, up from 91% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 and 90% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. we continue to hire to meet current and projected future demand. we proactively plan and manage the size and composition of our workforce and take actions as needed to address changes in the anticipated demand for our services and solutions, given that compensation costs are the most significant portion of our operating expenses. based on current and projected future demand, we have increased our headcount, the majority of which serve our clients, to approximately 384,000 as of august 31, 2016, compared to approximately 358,000 as of august 31, 2015. the year-over-year increase in our headcount reflects an overall increase in demand for our services and solutions, as well as headcount added in connection with acquisitions. annualized attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was 16%, up from 15% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 and 14% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. we evaluate voluntary attrition, adjust levels of new hiring and use involuntary terminations as means to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with changes in client demand. in addition, we adjust compensation in certain skill sets and geographies in order to attract and retain appropriate numbers of qualified employees. for the majority of our personnel, compensation increases for fiscal 2016 became effective december 1, 2015. we strive to adjust pricing and/or the mix of resources to reduce the impact of compensation increases on our gross margin. our ability to grow our revenues and maintain or increase our margin could be adversely affected if we are unable to: keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with changes in the types or amounts of services and solutions clients are demanding; recover increases in compensation; deploy our employees globally on a timely basis; manage attrition; and/or effectively assimilate and utilize new employees.
gross margin (net revenues less cost of services before reimbursable expenses as a percentage of net revenues) for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was 31.3%, compared with 31.7% for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. gross margin for fiscal 2016 was 31.3%, compared with 31.6% for fiscal 2015. the reduction in gross margin for fiscal 2016 was principally due to higher labor costs and higher costs associated with acquisition activities compared to fiscal 2015.
sales and marketing and general and administrative costs as a percentage of net revenues were 17.2% for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, compared with 17.9% for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. sales and marketing and general and administrative costs as a percentage of net revenues were 16.6% for fiscal 2016, compared with 17.1% for fiscal 2015. we continuously monitor these costs and implement cost-management actions, as appropriate. for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, sales and marketing costs as a percentage of net revenues decreased 40 basis points principally due to improved operational efficiency in our business development activities, and general and administrative costs as a percentage of net revenues decreased 10 basis points.
operating expenses in fiscal 2015 included a pension settlement charge of $64 million related to lump sum cash payments made from our u.s. defined benefit pension plan to former employees who elected to receive such payments. for additional information, see note 10 (retirement and profit sharing plans) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
operating margin (operating income as a percentage of net revenues) for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was 14.1%, compared with 13.9% for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. operating margin for fiscal 2016 was 14.6%, compared with 14.3% for fiscal 2015. the pension settlement charge of $64 million recorded in fiscal 2015 decreased operating during fiscal 2016, we recorded a $548 million gain on sale of business and $56 million in taxes related to the divestiture of our navitaire business, as well as a $301 million gain on sale of business and $48 million in taxes related to the partial divestiture of our duck creek business. for additional information, see note 5 (business combinations and divestitures) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 was 22.4%, compared with 25.8% for fiscal 2015. absent the $849 million gain on sale of businesses and related $104 million in taxes recorded during fiscal 2016, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 would have been 24.2%. absent the $64 million pension settlement charge and related $25 million in taxes recorded during fiscal 2015, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 would have been 26.0%.
diluted earnings per share were $6.45 for fiscal 2016, compared with $4.76 for fiscal 2015. the gain on sale of businesses, net of taxes, recorded during fiscal 2016 increased diluted earnings per share by $1.11 in fiscal 2016. the pension settlement charge, net of taxes, recorded during fiscal 2015 decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.06 in fiscal 2015. excluding these impacts, diluted earnings per share would have been $5.34 and $4.82 for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.
we have presented operating income, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share excluding the impacts of the fiscal 2016 gain on sale of businesses and the fiscal 2015 pension settlement charge, as we believe doing so facilitates understanding as to both the impacts of these items and our operating performance in comparison to the prior period.
our operating income and diluted earnings per share are affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations on revenues and costs. most of our costs are incurred in the same currency as the related net revenues. where practical, we seek to manage foreign currency exposure for costs not incurred in the same currency as the related net revenues, such as the cost of our global delivery network, by using currency protection provisions in our customer contracts and through our hedging programs. we seek to manage our costs, taking into consideration the residual positive and negative effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on those costs. for more information on our hedging programs, see note 7 (derivative financial instruments) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
bookings and backlog new bookings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 were $8.99 billion, with consulting bookings of $4.81 billion and outsourcing bookings of $4.18 billion. new bookings for fiscal 2016 were $35.39 billion, with consulting bookings of $19.16 billion and outsourcing bookings of $16.23 billion.
we provide information regarding our new bookings, which include new contracts, including those acquired through acquisitions, as well as renewals, extensions and changes to existing contracts, because we believe doing so provides useful trend information regarding changes in the volume of our new business over time. new bookings can vary significantly quarter to quarter depending in part on the timing of the signing of a small number of large outsourcing contracts. the types of services and solutions clients are demanding and the pace and level of their spending may impact the conversion of new bookings to revenues. for example, outsourcing bookings, which are typically for multi-year contracts, generally convert to revenue over a longer period of time compared to consulting bookings. information regarding our new bookings is not comparable to, nor should it be substituted for, an analysis of our revenues over time. new bookings involve estimates and judgments. there are no third-party standards or requirements governing the calculation of bookings. we do not update our new bookings for material subsequent terminations or reductions related to bookings originally recorded in prior fiscal years. new bookings are recorded using then-existing foreign currency exchange rates and are not subsequently adjusted for foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
the majority of our contracts are terminable by the client on short notice, and some without notice. accordingly, we do not believe it is appropriate to characterize bookings attributable to these contracts as backlog. normally, if a client terminates a project, the client remains obligated to pay for commitments we have made to third parties in connection with the project, services performed and reimbursable expenses incurred by us through the date of termination.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. we continually evaluate our estimates, judgments and assumptions based on available information and experience. because the use of estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. certain of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. these include certain aspects of accounting for revenue recognition and income taxes.
revenue recognition our contracts have different terms based on the scope, deliverables and complexity of the engagement, the terms of which frequently require us to make judgments and estimates in recognizing revenues. we have many types of contracts, including time-and-materials contracts, fixed-price contracts and contracts with features of both of these contract types. in addition, some contracts include incentives related to costs incurred, benefits produced or adherence to schedules that may increase the variability in revenues and margins earned on such contracts. we conduct rigorous reviews prior to signing such contracts to evaluate whether these incentives are reasonably achievable.
we recognize revenues from technology integration consulting contracts using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, which involves calculating the percentage of services provided during the reporting period compared with the total estimated services to be provided over the duration of the contract. our contracts for technology integration consulting services generally span six months to two years. estimated revenues used in applying the percentage-of-completion method include estimated incentives for which achievement of defined goals is deemed probable. this method is followed where reasonably dependable estimates of revenues and costs can be made. estimates of total contract revenues and costs are continuously monitored during the term of the contract, and recorded revenues and estimated costs are subject to revision as the contract progresses. such revisions may result in increases or decreases to revenues and income and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the periods in which they are first identified. if our estimates indicate that a contract loss will occur, a loss provision is recorded in the period in which the loss first becomes probable and reasonably estimable. contract losses are determined to be the amount by which the estimated total direct and indirect costs of the contract exceed the estimated total revenues that will be generated by the contract and are included in cost of services and classified in other accrued liabilities.
revenues from contracts for non-technology integration consulting services with fees based on time and materials or cost-plus are recognized as the services are performed and amounts are earned. we consider amounts to be earned once evidence of an arrangement has been obtained, services are delivered, fees are fixed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably assured. in such contracts, our efforts, measured by time incurred, typically are provided in less than a year and represent the contractual milestones or output measure, which is the contractual earnings pattern. for non-technology integration consulting contracts with fixed fees, we recognize revenues as amounts become billable in accordance with contract terms, provided the billable amounts are not contingent, are consistent with the services delivered and are earned. contingent or incentive revenues relating to non-technology integration consulting contracts are recognized when the contingency is satisfied and we conclude the amounts are earned.
outsourcing contracts typically span several years and involve complex delivery, often through multiple workforces in different countries. in a number of these arrangements, we hire client employees and become responsible for certain client obligations. revenues are recognized on outsourcing contracts as amounts become billable in accordance with contract terms, unless the amounts are billed in advance of performance of services, in which case revenues are recognized when the services are performed and amounts are earned. revenues from time-and-materials or cost-plus contracts are recognized as the services are performed. in such contracts, our effort, measured by time incurred, represents the contractual milestones or output measure, which is the contractual earnings pattern. revenues from unit-priced contracts are recognized as transactions are processed based on objective measures of output. revenues from fixed-price contracts are recognized on a straight-line basis, unless revenues are earned and obligations are fulfilled in a different pattern. outsourcing contracts can also include incentive payments for benefits delivered to clients. revenues relating to such incentive payments are recorded when the contingency is satisfied and we conclude the amounts are earned. we continuously review and reassess our estimates of contract profitability. circumstances that potentially affect profitability over the life of the contract include decreases in volumes of transactions or other inputs/outputs on which we are paid, failure to deliver agreed benefits, variances from planned internal/external costs to deliver our services and other factors affecting revenues and costs.
costs related to delivering outsourcing services are expensed as incurred, with the exception of certain transition costs related to the set-up of processes, personnel and systems, which are deferred during the transition period and expensed evenly over the period outsourcing services are provided. the deferred costs are specific internal costs or incremental external costs directly related to transition or set-up activities necessary to enable the outsourced services. generally, deferred amounts are protected in the event of early termination of the contract and are monitored regularly for impairment. impairment losses are recorded when projected remaining undiscounted operating cash flows of the related contract are not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of contract assets. amounts billable to the client for transition or set-up activities are deferred and recognized as revenue evenly over the period outsourcing services are provided. contract acquisition and origination costs are expensed as incurred.
we enter into contracts that may consist of multiple deliverables. these contracts may include any combination of technology integration consulting services, non-technology integration consulting services or outsourcing services described above. revenues for contracts with multiple deliverables are allocated based on the lesser of the element's relative selling price or the amount that is not contingent on future delivery of another deliverable. the selling price of each deliverable is determined by obtaining third party evidence of the selling price for the deliverable and is based on the price charged when largely similar services are sold on a standalone basis by the company to similarly situated customers. if the amount of non-contingent revenues allocated to a deliverable accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method of accounting is less than the costs to deliver such services, then such costs are deferred and recognized in future periods when the revenues become non-contingent. revenues are recognized in accordance with our accounting policies for the separate deliverables when the services have value on a stand-alone basis, selling price of the separate deliverables exists and, in arrangements that include a general right of refund relative to the completed deliverable, performance of the in-process deliverable is considered probable and substantially in our control. while determining fair value and identifying separate deliverables require judgment, generally fair value and the separate deliverables are readily identifiable as we also sell those deliverables unaccompanied by other deliverables.
revenues recognized in excess of billings are recorded as unbilled services. billings in excess of revenues recognized are recorded as deferred revenues until revenue recognition criteria are met. client prepayments (even if nonrefundable) are deferred and recognized over future periods as services are delivered or performed.
net revenues include the margin earned on computer hardware, software and related services resale contracts, as well as revenues from alliance agreements, neither of which is material to us. reimbursements include billings for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses and third-party costs, such as the cost of hardware, software and related services resales. in addition, reimbursements include allocations from gross billings to record an amount equivalent to reimbursable costs, where billings do not specifically identify reimbursable expenses. we report revenues net of any revenue-based taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transactions.
income taxes determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, income tax liabilities and deferred tax assets and liabilities involves judgment. deferred tax assets and liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates, are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax and financial statement bases of assets and liabilities. as a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. this involves estimating current tax exposures in each jurisdiction as well as making judgments regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets. tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized and adjust the valuation allowances accordingly. factors considered in making this determination include the period of expiration of the tax asset, planned use of the tax asset, tax planning strategies and historical and projected taxable income as well as tax liabilities for the tax jurisdiction in which the tax asset is located. valuation allowances will be subject to change in each future reporting period as a result of changes in one or more of these factors. changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual income before taxes can affect the overall effective tax rate.
we apply an estimated annual effective tax rate to our quarterly operating results to determine the interim provision for income tax expense. in accordance with financial accounting standards board ("fasb") guidance on uncertainty in income taxes, a change in judgment that impacts the measurement of a tax position taken in a prior year is recognized as a discrete item in the interim period in which the change occurs. in the event there is a significant unusual or infrequent item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is recorded in the interim period in which it occurs.
no taxes have been provided on undistributed foreign earnings that are planned to be indefinitely reinvested. if future events, including material changes in estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements, necessitate that these earnings be distributed, an additional provision for taxes may apply, which could materially affect our future effective tax rate. during fiscal 2015, the company distributed substantially all of the earnings of its u.s. subsidiaries that were previously considered indefinitely reinvested and recorded a tax liability of $247 million for withholding taxes payable on this distribution. we currently do not foresee any event that would require us to distribute any remaining undistributed earnings. for additional information, see note 9 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
as a matter of course, we are regularly audited by various taxing authorities, and sometimes these audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. we establish tax liabilities or reduce tax assets for uncertain tax positions when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are appropriate and supportable under local tax law, we believe we may not succeed in realizing the tax benefit of certain positions if challenged. in evaluating a tax position, we determine whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. our estimate of the ultimate tax liability contains assumptions based on past experiences, judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions as well as judgments about the likely outcome of issues that have been raised by taxing jurisdictions. the tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. we evaluate these uncertain tax positions each quarter and adjust the related tax liabilities or assets in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or the expiration of a statute of limitations. we believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our evaluation of uncertain tax positions are reasonable. however, final determinations of prior-year tax liabilities, either by settlement with tax authorities or expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reflected in assets and liabilities and historical income tax provisions. the outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period in which that determination is made. we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately accounted for uncertain tax positions.
revenues by segment/operating group our five reportable operating segments are our operating groups, which are communications, media & technology; financial services; health & public service; products; and resources. operating groups are managed on the basis of net revenues because our management believes net revenues are a better indicator of operating group performance than revenues. in addition to reporting net revenues by operating group, we also report net revenues by two types of work: consulting and outsourcing, which represent the services sold by our operating groups. consulting net revenues, which include management and technology consulting and systems integration, reflect a finite, distinct project or set of projects with a defined outcome and typically a defined set of specific deliverables. outsourcing net revenues typically reflect ongoing, repeatable services or capabilities provided to transition, run and/or manage operations of client systems or business functions.
from time to time, our operating groups work together to sell and implement certain contracts. the resulting revenues and costs from these contracts may be apportioned among the participating operating groups. generally, operating expenses for each operating group have similar characteristics and are subject to the same factors, pressures and challenges. however, the economic environment and its effects on the industries served by our operating groups affect revenues and operating expenses within our operating groups to differing degrees. the mix between consulting and outsourcing is not uniform among our operating groups. local currency fluctuations also tend to affect our operating groups differently, depending on the geographic concentrations and locations of their businesses.
while we provide discussion about our results of operations below, we cannot measure how much of our revenue growth in a particular period is attributable to changes in price or volume. management does not track standard measures of unit or rate volume. instead, our measures of volume and price are extremely complex, as each of our services contracts is unique, reflecting a customized mix of specific services that does not fit into standard comparability measurements. revenue for our services is a function of the nature of each service to be provided, the skills required and the outcome sought, as well as estimated cost, risk, contract terms and other factors.
our business in the united states represented 46%, 43% and 40% of our consolidated net revenues during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. no other country individually comprised 10% or more of our consolidated net revenues during these periods.
•   financial services net revenues increased 11% in local currency. net revenues reflected very strong growth, driven by growth in both industry groups across all geographic regions, led by banking &amp; capital markets in europe.
•   resources net revenues increased 3% in local currency. net revenues reflected modest growth, as significant growth in utilities across all geographic regions was largely offset by declines in chemicals &amp; natural resources in growth markets and north america and energy in europe and growth markets. we have experienced lower or negative revenue growth in chemicals &amp; natural resources and energy, principally due to economic challenges in these industries, and we expect this trend to continue in the near term.
•   north america net revenues increased 11% in local currency, driven by the united states.
•   europe net revenues increased 11% in local currency, driven by the united kingdom, italy, switzerland, spain, germany and france.
cost of services cost of services for fiscal 2016 increased $1,415 million, or 6%, over fiscal 2015, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 70.5% from 70.2% during this period. cost of services before reimbursable expenses for fiscal 2016 increased $1,367 million, or 6%, over fiscal 2015, and increased as a percentage of net revenues to 68.7% from 68.4% during this period. gross margin for fiscal 2016 decreased to 31.3% from 31.6% in fiscal 2015. the reduction in gross margin for fiscal 2016 was principally due to higher labor costs and higher costs associated with acquisition activities compared to fiscal 2015.
sales and marketing sales and marketing expense for fiscal 2016 increased $75 million, or 2%, over fiscal 2015, and decreased as a percentage of net revenues to 10.9% from 11.3% during this period. the decrease as a percentage of net revenues was principally due to improved operational efficiency in our business development activities.
pension settlement charge we recorded a pension settlement charge of $64 million during fiscal 2015 as a result of lump sum cash payments made from our u.s. defined benefit pension plan to former employees who elected to receive such payments. for additional information, see note 10 (retirement and profit sharing plans) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
operating income and operating margin operating income for fiscal 2016 increased $375 million, or 8%, over fiscal 2015. during fiscal 2015, we recorded a pension settlement charge of $64 million, which decreased operating margin by 20 basis points. excluding the effect of the fiscal 2015 pension settlement charge, operating margin for fiscal 2016 increased 10 basis points compared with fiscal 2015.
we estimate that the aggregate percentage impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operating income during fiscal 2016 was similar to that disclosed for net revenue. in addition, during fiscal 2016, each operating group experienced higher costs associated with acquisition activity. the commentary below provides insight into other factors affecting operating group performance and operating margin for fiscal 2016 compared with fiscal 2015, exclusive of the pension settlement charge recorded in fiscal 2015:
•   communications, media &amp; technology operating income increased primarily due to higher contract profitability and consulting revenue growth.
•   health &amp; public service operating income increased due to revenue growth and higher contract profitability.
•   resources operating income decreased due to lower outsourcing contract profitability, partially offset by lower sales and marketing costs as a percentage of net revenues.
other expense, net other expense, net primarily consists of foreign currency gains and losses as well as gains and losses associated with our investments in privately held companies. during fiscal 2016, other expense, net increased $25 million over fiscal 2015, primarily due to higher net foreign exchange losses, including losses incurred on the devaluation of the nigerian naira.
gain on sale of businesses we recorded a gain from the navitaire divestiture of $548 million and a gain from the duck creek partial divestiture of $301 million during fiscal 2016. for additional information, see note 5 (business combinations and divestitures) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
provision for income taxes the effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 was 22.4%, compared with 25.8% for fiscal 2015. absent the $849 million gain on sale of businesses and related $104 million in taxes recorded during fiscal 2016, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 would have been 24.2%. absent the $64 million pension settlement charge and related $25 million in taxes recorded during fiscal 2015, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 would have been 26.0%. the effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 benefited from a final determination of u.s. federal taxes for fiscal 2012. the effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 benefited from a final determination of u.s. federal taxes for fiscal years 2010 and 2011. this was offset by expenses associated with an increase in deferred tax liabilities during fiscal 2015, when we concluded that certain undistributed earnings of our u.s. subsidiaries would no longer be considered indefinitely reinvested. for additional information, see note 9 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees have in our accenture holdings plc and accenture canada holdings inc. subsidiaries. see "business-organizational structure." net income attributable to accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of accenture plc. since january 2002, noncontrolling interests has also included immaterial amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our avanade inc. subsidiary.
earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $6.45 for fiscal 2016, compared with $4.76 for fiscal 2015. the $1.69 increase in our diluted earnings per share included the impact of the gain on sale of businesses, net of taxes, which increased diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2016 by $1.11 and the impact of the pension settlement charge, net of taxes, which decreased diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015 by $0.06. excluding these impacts, diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2016 increased $0.52 compared with fiscal 2015, due to increases of $0.34 from higher revenues and operating results, $0.13 from a lower effective tax rate and $0.08 from lower weighted average shares outstanding. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of $0.03 from higher non-operating expense. for information regarding our earnings per share calculations, see note 2 (earnings per share) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
(1)   effective september 1, 2014, we revised the reporting of our geographic regions as follows: north america (the united states and canada); europe; and growth markets (asia pacific, latin america, africa, the middle east, russia and turkey). prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.
•   financial services net revenues increased 11% in local currency. consulting revenues reflected significant growth, driven by growth across both industry groups and all geographic regions, led by banking &amp; capital markets in europe. outsourcing revenue growth was driven by banking &amp; capital markets and insurance in europe and banking &amp; capital markets in growth markets. these outsourcing increases were partially offset by a decline in banking &amp; capital markets in north america.
•   resources net revenues increased 5% in local currency. outsourcing revenues reflected strong growth, driven by utilities across all geographic regions, chemicals &amp; natural resources in growth markets and energy in europe. consulting revenues reflected slight growth, driven by utilities across all geographic regions and chemicals &amp; natural resources in europe. these consulting increases were largely offset by declines in energy in europe and north america and chemicals &amp; natural resources in growth markets.
•   north america net revenues increased 12% in local currency, driven by the united states.
•   europe net revenues increased 10% in local currency, driven by germany, the united kingdom, spain, the netherlands, italy and france.
operating expenses operating expenses for fiscal 2015 increased $904 million, or 3%, over fiscal 2014, and remained flat as a percentage of revenues at 86.5%, compared with fiscal 2014. operating expenses before reimbursable expenses for fiscal 2015 increased $910 million, or 4%, over fiscal 2014, and remained flat as a percentage of net revenues at 85.7%, compared with fiscal 2014.
cost of services cost of services for fiscal 2015 increased $915 million, or 4%, over fiscal 2014, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 70.2% from 69.6% during this period. cost of services before reimbursable expenses for fiscal 2015 increased $921 million, or 5%, over fiscal 2014, and increased as a percentage of net revenues to 68.4% from 67.7% during this period. gross margin for fiscal 2015 decreased to 31.6% from 32.3% in fiscal 2014, principally due to higher labor costs, increased usage of subcontractors and higher non-payroll costs including recruiting and training costs from the addition of a larger number of employees compared to fiscal 2014.
sales and marketing sales and marketing expense for fiscal 2015 decreased $78 million, or 2%, from fiscal 2014, and decreased as a percentage of net revenues to 11.3% from 11.9% during this period. the decrease as a percentage of net revenues was principally due to improved operational efficiency in our business development activities.
pension settlement charge we recorded a pension settlement charge of $64 million, pre-tax, during fiscal 2015 as a result of lump sum cash payments made from our u.s. defined benefit pension plan to former employees who elected to receive such payments. for additional information, refer to note 10 (retirement and profit sharing plans) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
operating income and operating margin operating income for fiscal 2015 increased $135 million, or 3%, from fiscal 2014. the pension settlement charge of $64 million recorded in fiscal 2015 decreased operating margin by 20 basis points. excluding the effects of the pension settlement charge, operating margin for fiscal 2015 increased 20 basis points compared with fiscal 2014.
we estimate that the aggregate percentage impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operating income during fiscal 2015 was similar to that disclosed for net revenue. in addition, during fiscal 2015, each operating group recorded a portion of the $64 million pension settlement charge. the commentary below provides insight into other factors affecting operating group performance and operating margin for fiscal 2015, exclusive of the pension settlement charge, compared with fiscal 2014:
•   financial services operating income increased primarily due to consulting revenue growth, lower sales and marketing costs as a percentage of net revenues and higher contract profitability.
•   products operating income increased due to higher contract profitability and consulting revenue growth.
•   resources operating income decreased due to lower contract profitability.
provision for income taxes the effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 was 25.8%, compared with 26.1% for fiscal 2014. absent the tax impact of the $64 million pension settlement charge recorded during the third quarter of fiscal 2015, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 would have been 26.0%. the fiscal 2015 tax rate includes higher benefits related to final determinations of tax liabilities for prior years, including a $170 million benefit related to final settlement of u.s. tax audits for fiscal years 2010 and 2011, and benefits related to changes in the geographic distribution of earnings, offset by an increase in withholding taxes payable on the distribution of u.s. earnings. for additional information, see note 9 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees have in our accenture holdings plc and accenture canada holdings inc. subsidiaries. see "business-organizational structure." net income attributable to accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of accenture plc. since january 2002, noncontrolling interests has also included immaterial amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our avanade inc. subsidiary.
earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $4.76 for fiscal 2015, compared with $4.52 for fiscal 2014. the $0.24 increase in our diluted earnings per share included the impact of the $64 million pension settlement charge, which decreased diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015 by $0.06. excluding the impact of this charge, diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015 increased $0.30 compared with fiscal 2014, due to increases of $0.22 from higher revenues and operating results, $0.09 from lower weighted average shares outstanding and $0.01 from a lower effective tax rate. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of $0.02 from lower non-operating income. for information regarding our earnings per share calculations, see note 2 (earnings per share) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, available cash reserves and debt capacity available under various credit facilities. in addition, we could raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings. we may use our available or additional funds to, among other things:
•   facilitate purchases, redemptions and exchanges of shares and pay dividends;
•   take advantage of opportunities, including more rapid expansion; or as of august 31, 2016, cash and cash equivalents were $4.9 billion, compared with $4.4 billion as of august 31, 2015.
cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in our consolidated cash flows statements, are summarized in the following table:
operating activities                                              $4,575              $4,092              $3,486                      $483
investing activities                                                (610   )          (1,170   )          (1,056   )                   560
financing activities                                              (3,397   )          (3,202   )          (3,165   )                  (195        )
operating activities: the year-over-year increase in operating cash flow was primarily driven by revenue growth and higher operating income, as well as higher collections on net client balances (receivables from clients, current and non-current unbilled services and deferred revenues), partially offset by other changes in operating assets and liabilities, including higher spending on certain compensation payments.
investing activities: cash used in investing activities decreased $560 million year-over-year, as higher spending on business acquisitions, investments and property and equipment was more than offset by proceeds of $815 million from the navitaire divestiture and duck creek partial divestiture. for additional information, see note 5 (business combinations and divestitures) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
financing activities: the $195 million increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to an increase in the net purchases of shares and an increase in cash dividends paid. for additional information, see note 13 (material transactions affecting shareholders' equity) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
we believe that our available cash balances and the cash flows expected to be generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our current and planned working capital and investment needs for the next twelve months. we also believe that our longer-term working capital and other general corporate funding requirements will be satisfied through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from our borrowing facilities and future financial market activities.
borrowing facilities as of august 31, 2016, we had the following borrowing facilities, including the issuance of letters of credit, to support general working capital purposes:
facility          borrowings amount          under facilities syndicated loan facility (1)                                                          $1,000                 $-
separate, uncommitted, unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facilities (2)           516                 -
local guaranteed and non-guaranteed lines of credit (3)                                  165                 -
(1)   on december 22, 2015, we replaced our $1.0 billion syndicated loan facility maturing on october 31, 2016 with a $1.0 billion syndicated loan facility maturing on december 22, 2020. this facility provides unsecured, revolving borrowing capacity for general working capital purposes, including the issuance of letters of credit. we continue to be in compliance with relevant covenant terms. the facility is subject to annual commitment fees. as of august 31, 2016 and 2015, we had no borrowings under either the current or the prior loan facility.
(2)   we maintain separate, uncommitted and unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facilities. these facilities provide local-currency financing for the majority of our operations. interest rate terms on the revolving facilities are at market rates prevailing in the relevant local markets. as of august 31, 2016 and 2015, we had no borrowings under these facilities.
(3)   we also maintain local guaranteed and non-guaranteed lines of credit for those locations that cannot access our global facilities. as of august 31, 2016 and 2015, we had no borrowings under these various facilities.
under the borrowing facilities described above, we had an aggregate of $169 million and $167 million of letters of credit outstanding as of august 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. in addition, we had total outstanding debt of approximately $27 million at both august 31, 2016 and 2015.
share purchases and redemptions the board of directors of accenture plc has authorized funding for our publicly announced open-market share purchase program for acquiring accenture plc class a ordinary shares and for purchases and redemptions of accenture plc class a ordinary shares, accenture holdings plc ordinary shares and accenture canada holdings inc. exchangeable shares held by current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees.
our share purchase activity during fiscal 2016 was as follows:
(1)   we conduct a publicly announced open-market share purchase program for accenture plc class a ordinary shares. these shares are held as treasury shares by accenture plc and may be utilized to provide for select employee benefits, such as equity awards to our employees.
(2)   during fiscal 2016, as authorized under our various employee equity share plans, we acquired accenture plc class a ordinary shares primarily via share withholding for payroll tax obligations due from employees and former employees in connection with the delivery of accenture plc class a ordinary shares under those plans. these purchases of shares in connection with employee share plans do not affect our aggregate available authorization for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and the other share purchase programs.
we intend to continue to use a significant portion of cash generated from operations for share repurchases during fiscal 2017. the number of shares ultimately repurchased under our open-market share purchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including, without limitation, share price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, the levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic and/or business conditions, and board and management discretion. additionally, as these factors may change over the course of the year, the amount of share repurchase activity during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time. share repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases, in respect of purchases and redemptions of accenture holdings plc ordinary shares and accenture canada holdings inc. exchangeable shares, through the use of rule 10b5-1 plans and/or by other means. the repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time, without notice.
other share redemptions during fiscal 2016, we issued 775,023 accenture plc class a ordinary shares upon redemptions of an equivalent number of accenture holdings plc ordinary shares pursuant to our registration statement on form s-3 (the "registration statement"). the registration statement allows us, at our option, to issue freely tradable accenture plc class a ordinary shares in lieu of cash upon redemptions of accenture holdings plc ordinary shares held by current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees.
subsequent developments on september 27, 2016, the board of directors of accenture plc declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.21 per share on our class a ordinary shares for shareholders of record at the close of business on october 21, 2016. on september 28, 2016, the board of directors of accenture holdings plc declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.21 per share on its ordinary shares for shareholders of record at the close of business on october 18, 2016. both dividends are payable on november 15, 2016.
obligations and commitments as of august 31, 2016, we had the following obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts, contractual obligations and commercial commitments:
purchase obligations and other commitments (3)             145                  56                    89                     -             -
(1)   the liability related to unrecognized tax benefits has been excluded from the contractual obligations table because a reasonable estimate of the timing and amount of cash outflows from future tax settlements cannot be determined. for additional information, see note 9 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
(2)   amounts represent projected payments under certain unfunded retirement plans for former pre-incorporation partners. given these plans are unfunded, we pay these benefits directly. these plans were eliminated for active partners after may 15, 2001.
(3)   other commitments include, among other things, information technology, software support and maintenance obligations, as well as other obligations in the ordinary course of business that we cannot cancel or where we would be required to pay a termination fee in the event of cancellation. amounts shown do not include recourse that we may have to recover termination fees or penalties from clients.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business and in conjunction with some client engagements, we have entered into contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters. to date, we have not been required to make any significant payment under any of these arrangements. for further discussion of these transactions, see note 15 (commitments and contingencies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
recently adopted accounting pronouncement in august 2016, we early adopted financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2015-17, balance sheet classification of deferred taxes, which amends existing guidance on income taxes to require the classification of all deferred tax assets and liabilities as non-current on the balance sheet. we adopted this asu using the retrospective method which required reclassification of current deferred taxes as previously reported on our august 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheets to non-current, resulting in an increase to non-current deferred tax assets of $816 million and a decrease to noncurrent deferred tax liabilities of $22 million.
new accounting pronouncements on march 31, 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, which simplifies the accounting for share-based payment transactions. the new guidance requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. in addition, the asu includes provisions that impact the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and the classification of excess tax benefits on the cash flow statements. we will early adopt the standard effective september 1, 2016. following adoption, the primary impact on our consolidated financial statements will be the recognition of excess tax benefits in the provision for income taxes rather than additional paid-in capital, which will likely result in increased volatility in the reported amounts of income tax expense and net income. we estimate this change will reduce our fiscal 2017 effective tax rate by less than two percentage points. the actual impact of adopting this standard on the effective tax rate will vary depending on our share price during fiscal 2017. provisions of the new guidance related to changes to classification of excess tax benefits in the cash flow statements are expected to be adopted retrospectively. we are continuing to evaluate the impacts of the adoption of this guidance and our preliminary assessments are subject to change.
on march 15, 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-07, simplifying the transition to the equity method of accounting, which eliminates the requirement to retrospectively apply equity method accounting when an entity increases ownership or influence in a previously held investment. the asu will be effective for us beginning september 1, 2017, including interim periods in our fiscal year 2018. we do not expect the adoption of this asu to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
on february 25, 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-02, leases, which amends existing guidance to require lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by long-term leases and to disclose additional quantitative and qualitative information about leasing arrangements. the asu will be effective for us beginning september 1, 2019, including interim periods in our fiscal year 2020, and allows for a modified retrospective method upon adoption. we are assessing the impact of this asu on our consolidated financial statements.
on january 5, 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-01, recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, which amends certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. the asu will be effective for us beginning september 1, 2018, including interim periods in our fiscal year 2019. we do not expect the adoption of this asu to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
on may 28, 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-09 (accounting standard codification 606), revenue from contracts with customers, which will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in u.s. gaap. the core principle of the asu is that an entity should recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services equal to the amount that it expects to be entitled to receive for those goods or services. the asu requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments. the asu will be effective for us beginning september 1, 2018, including interim periods in our fiscal year 2019, and allows for both retrospective and modified retrospective methods of adoption. we will adopt the guidance on september 1, 2018 and apply the modified retrospective method.we are assessing the impact of this asu on our consolidated financial statements.