item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview and 2016 highlights our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy.  we design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, as well as provide energy storage through the offering of powerpack and powerwall.  in addition, through our acquisition of solarcity corporation, we also provide solar energy systems to residential and commercial customers .
as a result of our acquisition of solarcity, we have reclassified the presentation of our historic energy storage products revenue and cost of revenue from services and other to energy generation and storage.
automotive we produce and sell our model s sedan and our model x sport utility vehicle. we continue to enhance our vehicle offerings with all-wheel drive capability, autopilot options, internet connectivity and free over-the-air software updates.  starting in the fourth quarter of 2016, we introduced second generation of autopilot  which has improved hardware and enhanced functionalities including better safety and performance.
in 2016, our production capability continued to scale and gain operational efficiencies.  during 2016, our production volume increased by 64% year-over-year.
in the fourth quarter of 2015, we began delivering model x sport utility vehicle.  in 2016, we greatly ramped the production and deliveries of model x.  also, in the first quarter of 2016, we unveiled model 3, a lower priced sedan designed for the mass market, which received significant interest.  to date, we have substantially completed the design and prototypes of model 3 and are projecting to start production and deliveries in the second half of 2017.
energy generation and storage through our acquisition of solarcity corporation, or solarcity, on november 21, 2016, we lease and sell solar energy systems and sell renewable energy to our customers, typically at prices below utility rates. our long-term agreements with our customers generate a predictable and reliable stream of cash flows.  the operating results of solarcity from the acquisition date of november 21, 2016 through december 31, 2016 are included in our consolidated statements of operations.  also in 2016, we introduced solar roof, which we plan to begin selling and installing later in 2017.
in addition to solar energy systems, we also sell energy storage products, which consists of the powerwall for residential applications and the powerpack for commercial, industrial and utility-scale applications.  in 2016, we completed several of our grid-scale energy storage projects, including the southern california edison mira loma substation and the american samoa island installation.
management opportunities, challenges and risks and 2017 outlook automotive demand, production and deliveries during 2016, we improved our existing model s sedan and model x sport utility vehicle by introducing new variants that improve range, performance, safety and value.  we introduced several new features, including updating the front fascia of model s in the second quarter of 2016, to expanding offerings of our battery size to cater to a wider range of consumers.  we expect to introduce further new vehicle variants and over-the-air-functionality over time.  we also expect that the demand for our vehicles will continue to increase as we improve our vehicles, and expand our retail, service and charging infrastructure and as we develop new products.  in addition, the introduction of model 3 would also generate incremental demand by offering a less expensive alternative.
during the third quarter of 2016, we discontinued our resale value guarantee  program in north america.  the resale value guarantee was originally introduced in 2013 to help to reassure customers that tesla vehicles would retain value over time.
we continue to make progress in increasing vehicle production.  for the year ended december 31, 2016, we produced approximately 84,000 vehicles, an increase of 64% from the prior year.  this increase was achieved despite the fact that we faced challenges in 2016 with model x production, including part shortages.  in january 2017, we completed the acquisition of grohmann engineering gmbh, a german manufacturing company with expertise in automated production. we expect this acquisition will facilitate and expand vehicle production.
in the first quarter of 2016, we announced our target to increase overall vehicle production level to 500,000 vehicles in 2018.  increasing production will require additional capital.  we have started the installation of model 3 manufacturing equipment in fremont and at gigafactory 1, and we are on track to support volume production and deliveries in the second half of 2017.
in addition to expanding our vehicle production and deliveries, we expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles over the next several quarters due to economies of scale, material cost reductions and more efficient manufacturing.  the decreasing trend in cost of manufacturing vehicles is expected to improve total automotive gross margin over time and mitigate some of the higher ramp up costs associated with the launch of model 3.  we have achieved cost improvements through material cost reductions from both engineering and commercial actions and increased manufacturing efficiencies including better inventory control over utilization and minimization of scrapping materials.  this is also evident through increased product reliability including vehicle, battery and drive units that resulted in a reduction of our warranty expense.  in addition, we expect that the acquisition of grohmann will further increase our production automation and efficiency.
in order to accommodate a much larger fleet of customer vehicles as we increase deliveries and to provide timely customer service, we are expanding our sales, service and charging infrastructure worldwide.  in particular, we continue to open new tesla retail and service locations around the world. as of december 31, 2016, we had a total of 265 sales and service locations, and expect our long-term vehicle sales outside of north america to be over half of our worldwide total automotive revenue. as we have less experience in international markets, we may face difficulties meeting our future international expansion plans with respect to timing and expected sales.
energy generation and storage demand we believe that demand for our energy products will continue to increase. we plan to reduce customer acquisition costs by cutting advertising spend and increasingly selling solar products in tesla stores.  in the fourth quarter of 2016, we revealed the solar roof product, of which we expect to begin production and installation later in 2017.  in addition, in the fourth quarter of 2016, we also announced our second generation energy storage products, powerpack 2 and powerwall 2, which offer significant price advantage per kwh and higher energy density.
trends in cash flow, capital expenditures and operating expenses we plan to build 500,000 vehicles in 2018.  given this plan, we continue to invest heavily in capital expenditures.  our capital expenditure needs include expenditures for the tooling, production equipment and construction of the model 3 production lines, equipment to support cell production at the gigafactory 1, as well as new retail locations, service centers and supercharger locations.  we expect to invest between $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion in capital expenditures ahead of the start of model 3 production in 2017.
as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, the net book value of our supercharger network was $207.2 million and $166.6 million, respectively, and as of december 31, 2016, our supercharger network included 790 locations globally. we plan to continue investing in our supercharger network for the foreseeable future, including in north america, europe and asia, and expect such spending to continue to be a minimal portion of total capital spending. during 2017, we expect that this investment will grow our supercharger network greatly. we allocate supercharger related expenses to cost of total automotive revenues and selling, general, and administrative expenses. these costs were immaterial for all periods presented.
we expect operating expenses to grow in 2017, driven by engineering, design, and testing expenses related to model 3, supplier contracts and higher sales and service costs associated with expanding our worldwide geographic presence. in addition, we expect  operating expenses to increase as a result of the  increased selling, general and administrative expenses incurred by our energy generation and storage segment.  we expect selling, general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars but decline over time as a percentage of revenue as we focus on increasing operational efficiency while continuing to expand our customer and corporate infrastructure. over time, we also expect total operating expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue.
automotive financing options we offer loans and leases for our vehicles in certain markets in north america, europe and asia primarily through various financial institutions. we offer a resale value guarantee in connection with certain loans offered by financial institutions. during 2016, we discontinued the resale value guarantee in north america, but continue to offer it in selected european and asian markets. resale value guarantees available for exercise during fiscal year 2017 total $179.5 million in value.
vehicle deliveries with the resale value guarantee do not impact our near-term cash flows and liquidity, since we receive the full amount of cash for the vehicle sales price at delivery. however, this program requires the deferral of revenues and costs into future periods as they are considered leases for accounting purposes.  while we do not assume any credit risk related to the customer, if a customer exercises the option to return the vehicle to us, we are exposed to liquidity risk that the resale value of vehicles under these programs may be lower than our guarantee, or the volume of vehicles returned to us may be higher than our estimates, or we may be unable to resell the used cars in a timely manner, all of which could adversely impact our cash flows.  based on current market demand for our cars, we estimate the resale prices for our vehicles will continue to be above our resale value guarantee amounts. should market values of our vehicles or customer demand decrease, these estimates may be impacted materially.
we currently offer vehicle leases in the u.s. directly from tesla finance, our captive financing entity, as well as through a leasing partner. leasing through tesla finance is now available in 39 states and the district of columbia. we also offer financing arrangements through our entities in canada, germany and the u.k.  leasing through both our captive financing entities and our leasing partners exposes us to residual value risk and will adversely impact our near-term operating results by requiring the deferral of revenues and costs into future periods under lease accounting. in addition, for leases offered directly from our captive financing entities (but not for those offered through our leasing partner), we only receive a limited portion of cash for the vehicle price at delivery and will assume customer credit risk. we plan to continue expanding our financing offerings, including our lease financing options and the financial sources to support them, and to support the overall financing needs of our customers. to the extent that we are unable to arrange such options for our customers on terms that are attractive, our sales, financial results, and cash flow could be negatively impacted.
energy generation and storage financing options through solarcity, we offer solar loans, whereby a third-party lender provides financing directly to a qualified customer to enable the customer to purchase and own a solar energy system installed by us. we enter into a standard solar energy system sale agreement with the customer. separately, the customer enters into a loan agreement with one of the third-party lenders, who finances the full purchase price. we are not a party to the loan agreement between the customer and the third-party lender, and the third-party lender has no recourse against us with respect to the loan. if we are unable to continue to offer third-party financing or other financing alternatives to our customers on competitive terms, our growth may slow and our financial and operating results may be adversely impacted.
gigafactory 1 and manufacturing we are developing gigafactory 1 as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules and battery packs in one location for both vehicles and energy storage products. we broke ground on gigafactory 1 in june 2014, began assembling our energy storage products in the first portion of the facility in the fourth quarter of 2015, and began production of lithium-ion battery cells for our energy storage products in the first quarter of 2017. we continue to invest in construction of the building at gigafactory and in production equipment for battery, module and pack production.
panasonic has agreed to partner with us on gigafactory 1 with investments in production equipment that it will use to manufacture and supply us with battery cells. under our arrangement with panasonic, we plan to purchase the full output from their production equipment located at gigafactory 1 at negotiated prices. as these terms convey a right to use the production related assets as defined within asc 840, leases, we will consider these leased assets beginning with the start of cell production in early 2017. this will result in us recording the value of such assets within property, plant and equipment, net, in our consolidated balance sheet with a corresponding liability recorded to financing obligations. for all suppliers and partners for which we plan to purchase the full output from their production equipment located at gigafactory 1, we will record the value of such assets on our consolidated balance sheet. based on our current assessment, as of december 31, 2016, approximately $300 million is expected to be recorded on our consolidated balance sheet during the first quarter of 2017.
although we continue to remain on track with our progress at gigafactory 1, given the size and complexity of this undertaking, it is possible that future events could result in the cost of building and operating gigafactory 1 exceeding our current expectations and gigafactory 1 taking longer to expand than we currently anticipate. in addition, we continue to expand production capacity at our fremont factory and are exploring additional production capacity in asia and europe.
gigafactory 2 and manufacturing through our acquisition of solarcity, we have an agreement with the research foundation for the state university of new york for the construction of an approximately 1 million square foot manufacturing facility capable of producing 1 gigawatt of solar panels annually on an approximately 88.24 acre site located in buffalo, new york, referred to as gigafactory 2.  in december 2016, we entered into a production pricing agreement: phases 1-3 (the phase 1-3 agreement) with panasonic corporation, panasonic corporation of north america and sanyo electronic co., ltd (collectively, panasonic).  this agreement provides that panasonic will manufacture custom photovoltaic (pv) cells and modules for us, primarily at gigafactory 2, and that we will purchase certain amounts of pv cells and modules form panasonic during the 10-year term, with the intent to produce pv cells and modules totaling approximately 1 gigawatt annually beginning in 2019.
the terms of our agreement with the research foundation for the state university of new york, among other things, require us to comply with a number of covenants during the term of the agreement. any failure to comply with these covenants could obligate us to pay significant amounts to the foundation and result in termination of the agreement.  although we continue to remain on track with our progress at gigafactory 2, our expectations as to the cost of building the facility, acquiring manufacturing equipment and supporting our manufacturing operations may prove incorrect, which could subject us to significant expenses to achieve the desired benefits.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, or gaap. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. we base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. to the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. we believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity than our other accounting policies. accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue for products and services when: (i) a persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (iii) pricing or fees are fixed or determinable; and (iv) collection is reasonably assured.
automotive segment automotive revenue includes revenues related to deliveries of new vehicles, sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers, and specific other elements that meet the definition of a deliverable under multiple-element accounting guidance including free internet connectivity, free access to our supercharger network, and free future over the air software updates. these deliverables are valued on a stand-alone basis and we recognize their revenue over our performance period, which is generally the eight-year life of the vehicle, except for internet connectivity which is over the free four year period. if we sell a deliverable separately, we use that pricing to determine its fair value; otherwise, we use our best estimated selling price by considering costs used to develop and deliver the service, third party pricing of similar options, and other information which may be available.
starting in the third quarter of 2016, we started to separately present automotive leasing revenue and related cost of revenue. all prior periods have been reclassified to conform to this presentation.  automotive leasing revenue includes revenue recognized under lease accounting guidance for our direct leasing programs as well as programs with resale value guarantees. see "vehicle sales to customers with a resale value guarantee," "vehicle sales to leasing partners with a resale value guarantee" and "direct vehicle leasing program" for further details.
services and other revenue consists of repair and maintenance services, service plans and merchandise, sales of pre-owned tesla vehicles, sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers, and sales of non-tesla vehicle trade-ins.
vehicle sales to customers with a resale value guarantee we offered resale value guarantees or similar buy-back terms to all customers who purchase vehicles and who financed their vehicle through one of our specified commercial banking partners. subsequent to june 30, 2016, this program is available only in certain international markets. under this program, customers have the option of selling their vehicle back to us during the guarantee period for a determined resale value. guarantee periods generally range from 36 to 39 months. although we receive full payment for the vehicle sales price at the time of delivery, we are required to account for these transactions as operating leases. the amount of sale proceeds equal to the resale value guarantee is deferred until the guarantee expires or is exercised. the remaining sale proceeds are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the stated guarantee period to automotive leasing revenue. the guarantee period expires at the earlier of the end of the guarantee period or the pay-off of the initial loan. we capitalize the cost of these vehicles on our consolidated balance sheets as operating lease vehicles, net, and depreciate their value, less salvage value, to cost of automotive leasing revenue over the same period.
in cases when customer retains ownership of the vehicle at the end of the guarantee period, the resale value guarantee liability and any remaining deferred revenue balances related to the vehicle are settled to automotive leasing revenue and the net book value of the leased vehicle is expensed to costs of automotive leasing revenue.  in cases when customers return the vehicle back to us during the guarantee period, we purchase the vehicle from the customer at an amount equal to the resale value guarantee and settle any remaining deferred balances to automotive leasing revenue and we reclassify the net book value of the vehicle on our balance sheet to pre-owned vehicle inventory.  as of december 31, 2016, $179.5 million of guarantees are exercisable by customers within the next twelve months.
vehicle sales to leasing partners with a resale value guarantee we also offer resale value guarantees in connection with automobile sales to certain bank leasing partners.  as we have guaranteed the value of these vehicles and as the vehicles are leased to end-customers, we account for these transactions as interest bearing collateralized borrowings as required under accounting standards codification (asc) 840 - leases.  under this program, cash is received for the full price of the vehicle and is recorded within resale value guarantee for the long-term portion and deferred revenue for the current portion.  we accrete the deferred revenue amount to automotive leasing revenue on a straight line basis over the guarantee period and accrue interest expense based on our borrowing rate.  we capitalize vehicles under this program to leased vehicles on our consolidated balance sheets and record depreciation from these vehicles to cost of automotive leasing revenues during the period the vehicle is under a lease arrangement.  cash received for these vehicles, net of revenue recognized during the period, is classified as collateralized lease borrowings within cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
at the end of the lease term, we settle our liability in cash by either purchasing the vehicle from the leasing partner for the resale value guarantee amount, or paying a shortfall to the guarantee amount the leasing partner may realize on the sale of the vehicle.  any remaining balances within deferred revenue and resale value guarantee will be settled to automotive leasing revenue.  in cases where the bank retains ownership of the vehicle after the end of our guarantee period, we expense the net value of the leased vehicle to costs of automotive leasing revenue.  the maximum cash we could be required to pay under this program, assuming we repurchase of all vehicles under this program is $855.9 million at december 31, 2016.
as of december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, we had $1.18 billion and $527.5 million of such borrowings recorded in the resale value guarantee liability and $289.1 million and $120.5 million recorded in deferred revenue liability.
at least annually, we assess the estimated market values of vehicles under our resale value guarantee program to determine if we have sustained a loss on any of these contracts. as we accumulate more data related to the resale values of our vehicles or as market conditions change, there may be significant changes to their estimated values.
direct vehicle leasing program we offer a vehicle leasing program in certain locations in the north america and europe.  qualifying customers are permitted to lease a vehicle directly from tesla for up to 48 months.  at the end of the lease term, customers have the option of either returning the vehicle to us or purchasing if for a pre-determined residual value.  we account for these leasing transactions as operating leases and recognize leasing revenues over the contractual term and record the depreciation of these vehicles to cost of automotive revenues. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had deferred $67.2 million and $25.8 million of lease-related upfront payments which will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the individual leases.
maintenance and service plans we offer a prepaid maintenance program for our vehicles, which includes plans covering maintenance for up to eight years or up to 100,000 miles, provided these services are purchased within a specified period of time. the maintenance plans cover annual inspections and the replacement of wear and tear parts, excluding tires and the battery. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales as we fulfill our performance obligations.
we also offer an extended service plan, which covers the repair or replacement of vehicle parts for an additional four years or up to an additional 50,000 miles, after the end of our initial new vehicle limited warranty, provided they are purchased within a specified period of time. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales ratably over the service coverage periods.
energy generation and storage segment for solar energy systems and components sales wherein customers pay the full purchase price, either directly or through the solar loan program, revenue is recognized when we install a solar energy system and the solar energy system passes inspection by the utility or the authority having jurisdiction, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met.  in instances where there are multiple deliverables in a single arrangement, we allocate the arrangement consideration to the various elements in the arrangement based on the relative selling price method. costs incurred on residential installations before the solar energy systems are completed are included in inventories as work in progress in our consolidated balance sheets. however, any fees that are paid or payable by us to a solar loan lender would be recognized as an offset against solar energy systems and components sales revenue, in accordance with asc 605-50, customer payments and incentives.  revenue for energy storage product sale is recognized when the product is delivered or installed, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met.
for revenue arrangements where we are the lessor under operating lease agreements for solar energy systems, including energy storage products, we record lease revenue from minimum lease payments, including upfront rebates and incentives earned from such systems, on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease term, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. for incentives that are earned based on the amount of electricity generated by the system, we record revenue as the amounts are earned. the difference between the payments received and the revenue recognized is recorded as deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheets.
for solar energy systems where customers purchase electricity from us under power purchase agreements, we have determined that these agreements should be accounted for, in substance, as operating leases pursuant to asc 840. revenue is recognized based on the amount of electricity delivered at rates specified under the contracts, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met.
we capitalize initial direct costs from the origination of solar energy system leases or power purchase agreements (the incremental cost of contract administration, referral fees and sales commissions) as an element of solar energy systems, leased and to be leased - net, and subsequently amortize these costs over the term of the related lease or power purchase agreement.
inventory valuation inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. cost is computed using standard cost for vehicles and energy storage products, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. in addition, cost for solar energy systems are recorded using actual cost.  we record inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about on current and future demand forecasts. if our inventory on hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written off.
we also review inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. this requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert inventory on hand into a finished product. once inventory is written-down, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.
should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material increases to this reserve may be required. a small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
warranties we provide a manufacturer's warranty on all vehicles, production powertrain components and systems, and energy generation and storage products we sell.  at the time of delivery, we accrue for a manufacturer's warranty which includes our best estimate of the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty. these estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims.
these estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to our warranty reserve in the future.  for the solar energy systems that we sell, we provide a warranty on the installation and components for periods typically between 10 to 30 years. the manufacturer's warranty on the solar energy systems' components, which is typically passed-through to customers, ranges from 5 to 30 years.  the portion of the warranty provision expected to be incurred within 12 months is classified as a current liability.
our warranty reserves do not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles and solar energy systems accounted for as operating leases or collateralized debt arrangements. any costs to repair these vehicles and systems are expensed as incurred. warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of automotive revenue for automotive related sale and cost of energy generation and storage revenue for solar energy and storage systems.
stock-based compensation we use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options and restricted stock units (rsus) granted to employees and our employee stock purchase plan (espp) to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock-based awards. the fair value of stock options and espp are estimated on the grant date and offering date using the black-scholes option-pricing model. the fair value of rsus is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. the resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the awards, usually the vesting period which is generally four years for stock options and rsus and six months for the espp. stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures.
the black-scholes option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility. further, the forfeiture rate also affects the amount of aggregate compensation. these inputs are subjective and generally require significant judgment.
we estimate our forfeiture rate based on an analysis of our actual forfeiture experience and will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee turnover behavior and other factors. quarterly changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a significant effect on reported stock-based compensation expense, as the cumulative effect of adjusting the rate for all expense amortization is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed. if a revised forfeiture rate is higher than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in a decrease to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements. if a revised forfeiture rate is lower than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in an increase to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements.
as we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may calculate significantly different volatilities, expected lives and forfeiture rates, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. stock-based compensation expense is recorded in our cost of revenues, research and development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses.
in august 2012, our board of directors granted 5,274,901 stock options to our ceo (the "2012 ceo grant"). the 2012 ceo grant consists of ten vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance conditions and market conditions, assuming continued employment and service to us through each vesting date.
each of the ten vesting tranches requires a combination of one of the ten pre-determined performance milestones and an incremental increase in our market capitalization of $4.0 billion, as compared to the initial market capitalization of $3.2 billion measured at the time of the 2012 ceo grant.
the term of the 2012 ceo grant is ten years, so any tranches that remain unvested at the expiration of the 2012 ceo grant will be forfeited.  in addition, unvested options will be forfeited if our ceo is no longer in that role, whether for cause or otherwise.
we measured the fair value of the 2012 ceo grant using a monte carlo simulation approach with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.65%, expected term of ten years, expected volatility of 55% and dividend yield of 0%.
stock-based compensation expense associated with the 2012 ceo grant is recognized for each pair of performance and market conditions over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of being met.
as of december 31, 2016, the market conditions for seven vesting tranches and the following performance milestones were achieved and approved by our board of directors, and therefore five of ten tranches of the 2012 ceo grant were vested as of such date:
as of december 31, 2016, the following performance milestones were considered probable of achievement:
we expect that the next performance milestone to be achieved will be the successful completion of the model 3 beta prototype, which would be achieved upon the determination by our board of directors that an eligible prototype has been completed.  candidates for such prototype are among the vehicles that we are currently building as part of our ongoing testing of our model 3 vehicle design and manufacturing processes.
as the above four performance milestones were considered probable of achievement, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of $15.8 million, $10.6 million and $25.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
additionally, no cash compensation has ever been received by our ceo for his services to the company.
income taxes we are subject to federal and state taxes in the united states and in many foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. we make these estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are consistent with our future plans. tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices may be subject to change due to economic or political conditions including fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. the u.s., many countries in the european union, and a number of other countries are actively considering changes in this regard. as of december 31, 2016, we had recorded a full valuation allowance on our net u.s. deferred tax assets because we expect that it is more likely than not that our u.s. deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted.
furthermore, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. as a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty on our tax attributes based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. these effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. we are required to file income tax returns in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. such returns are subject to audit by the various federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. we believe that our consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. we review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a statute of limitations or a change in estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations, such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. the eventual impact on our income tax expense depends in part if we still have a valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets in the period that such determination is made.
principles of consolidation our consolidated financial statements reflect our accounts and operations and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest. in accordance with the provisions of financial accounting standards board, or fasb, asc 810 consolidation, we consolidate any variable interest entity, or vie, of which we are the primary beneficiary. we form vies with our financing fund investors in the ordinary course of business in order to facilitate the funding and monetization of certain attributes associated with our solar energy systems. the typical condition for a controlling financial interest ownership is holding a majority of the voting interests of an entity; however, a controlling financial interest may also exist in entities, such as vies, through arrangements that do not involve controlling voting interests. asc 810 requires a variable interest holder to consolidate a vie if that party has the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie. we do not consolidate a vie in which we have a majority ownership interest when we are not considered the primary beneficiary. we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of a number of vies. we evaluate our relationships with all the vies on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary. all intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests represent third-party interests in the net assets under certain funding arrangements, or funds, that solarcity enters into to finance the costs of solar energy systems under operating leases. we have determined that the contractual provisions of the funds represent substantive profit sharing arrangements. we have further determined that the appropriate methodology for calculating the noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest balances that reflects the substantive profit sharing arrangements is a balance sheet approach using the hlbv method. we, therefore, determine the amount of the noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in the net assets of the funds at each balance sheet date using the hlbv method, which is presented on our consolidated balance sheets as noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries and redeemable noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. under the hlbv method, the amounts reported as noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in our consolidated balance sheets represent the amounts the third-parties would hypothetically receive at each balance sheet date under the liquidation provisions of the funds, assuming the net assets of the funds were liquidated at their recorded amounts determined in accordance with gaap and distributed to the third-parties. the third-parties' interests in the results of operations of the funds are determined as the difference in the noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest balances in our consolidated balance sheets between the start and end of each reporting period, after taking into account any capital transactions between the funds and the third-parties. however, the redeemable noncontrolling interest balance is at least equal to the redemption amount. the redeemable noncontrolling interest balance is presented as temporary equity in the mezzanine section of our consolidated balance sheets since these third-parties have the right to redeem their interests in the funds for cash or other assets.
business combinations we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. the excess of the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities over the fair value of purchase consideration is recorded as gain from bargain purchase in other income and expense, net in our consolidated statements of operations. when determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets and certain tangible assets such as solar energy systems acquired as part of our solarcity acquisition.
critical estimates in valuing certain tangible and intangible assets include but are not limited to future expected cash flows from the underlying assets and discount rates. management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates.
other estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as more fully discussed in note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations revenues year ended december 31,                                         change 2016 vs. 2015                          change 2015 vs. 2014
automotive segment automotive revenue includes revenues related to sale of new model s and model x vehicles, including internet connectivity, supercharger access, and specified software updates for cars equipped with autopilot hardware, as well as sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers.  automotive leasing revenue includes the amortization of revenue for model s and model x vehicles sold with resale value guarantees accounted for as operating leases under lease accounting.
services and other revenue consists of sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers, maintenance services and sales of pre-owned vehicles.
automotive revenue increased $2.16 billion, or 63% to $5.59 billion during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily related to a 55% increase in vehicle deliveries to approximately 50,700.  the increase in volume is primarily due to a full year of model x deliveries in 2016, as well as increased production and sales of model s. further, there was an overall increase in average selling price of 6.1% primarily due to the introduction of model x which are higher priced vehicles compared to model s.  in addition, there is an increase of $133.4 million to $302.3 million of the sale of regulatory credits from the year ended december 31, 2015 to the corresponding period in 2016.  these increases were partially offset by negative impact from the movement of foreign currency exchange rates.
automotive leasing revenue increased $452.4 million, or 146%, to $761.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily due to an 83% increase in cumulative vehicle deliveries under leasing programs and programs with a resale value guarantee from the year ended december 31, 2015 to the year ended december 31, 2016.  in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recognized $112.6 million in automotive leasing revenue upon the expiration of resale value guarantees.
energy generation and storage segment energy generation and storage revenue includes sale of solar energy systems and energy storage products, leasing revenue from solar energy systems under operating leases and power purchase agreements and the sale of solar energy systems incentives.
energy generation and storage revenue increased $166.9 million, or 1,153%, primarily due to $84.1 million as a result of the inclusion of revenue from solarcity from the acquisition date of november 21, 2016 through december 31, 2016, as well as an increase of $82.8 million in energy storage revenue as we ramped up our energy storage sales effort and completed several utility scale projects such as southern california edison mira loma substation.
cost of revenues and gross profit year ended december 31,                                             change 2016 vs. 2015                          change 2015 vs. 2014
gross profit total automotive                              $1,596,195                      $921,313                      $881,468
gross profit energy generation and storage                      3,062                         2,190                           203
total gross profit                                         $1,599,257                      $923,503                      $881,671
automotive segment cost of automotive revenue includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including depreciation costs of tooling and machinery, shipping and logistic costs, vehicle connectivity costs, allocations of electricity and infrastructure costs related to our supercharger network, and reserves for estimated warranty expenses. cost of automotive revenues also includes adjustments to warranty expense and charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted demand.
cost of automotive leasing revenue includes primarily the amortization of operating lease vehicles over the lease term, as well as warranty expenses recognized as incurred.  cost of services and other revenue includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead associated with the sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers and energy products, costs associated with providing maintenance services, and costs to acquire and certify pre-owned vehicles.
cost of automotive revenues increased $1.63 billion, or 62%, to $4.27 billion during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily due to a 55% increase in vehicle deliveries as a result of a full year of model x deliveries as well as increased deliveries for model s. in addition, the increase is due to product mix as model x has a higher cost structure than model s.  the increase in cost of automotive revenue is partially offset by a reduction of warranty expense of $20.0 million resulting from better vehicle reliability.
cost of automotive leasing revenue increased $298.6 million, or 163%, to $482.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase is primarily due to an 83% increase in cumulative vehicle deliveries under leasing programs and programs with resale value guarantees from the year ended december 31, 2015 to the year ended december 31, 2016.  in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recognized $114.3 million in cost of automotive leasing revenues upon the expiration of resale value guarantees.
gross profit for the automotive segment increased from $921.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 to $1.60 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016.  automotive gross margin increased from 22.9% for the year ended december 31, 2015, to 23.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016.  the increase was primarily due to lower material and manufacturing costs as we further improve our production processes, partially offset by a negative impact from the movement in foreign exchange and increased expenditures to build out our service centers and provide maintenance.
cost of automotive leasing revenue increased $96.0 million, or 110%, to $183.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.  the increase is primarily due to an increase in cumulative vehicle deliveries under leasing programs and programs with resale value guarantees as volume of model s increased.
for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, costs of services and other revenue were $286.9 million and $166.9 million. the increase in cost of services and other revenues was driven primarily by greater pre-owned vehicle sales and increased maintenance and repair services.
gross profit for the automotive segment increased from $881.5 million from the year ended december 31, 2014 to $921.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. gross margin for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were 22.9% and 27.6%. the lower margin in 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to product and regional mix shift, as a greater percentage of sales were derived from vehicle models with lower average selling prices, and increased manufacturing costs related to the ramp in production of the small drive unit for dual motor model s vehicles and start of model x production, obsolete inventory and lower zev credits revenue. this margin decrease was partially offset by an increasing amount of revenues from vehicles accounted for as leases including direct lease vehicles and those under our resale value guarantee programs which have a significantly higher gross margin and from material cost savings. services and other gross margin were also down year over year, primarily driven by a planned price reduction for powertrain sales to daimler.
energy generation and storage segment cost of energy generation and storage revenue includes direct material and labor costs, overhead of solar energy systems and energy storage products and the depreciation expense and maintenance costs associated with leased solar energy systems.
cost of energy generation and storage revenue increased $166.0 million to $178.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.  the increase is due to an increase of $67.0 million as a result of the inclusion of solarcity's financial results from the acquisition date of november 21, 2016 to december 31, 2016.  the remaining increase was due to increase in the sale of energy storage products and increased expenditures to increase the capacity of energy storage products.
cost of energy generation and storage revenue in 2014 was insignificant. gross profit and related margin for energy generation and storage was also insignificant in all periods presented.
research and development expenses year ended december 31,                                  change 2016 vs. 2015                        change 2015 vs. 2014
research and development             $834,408                $717,900                $464,700             116,508               16          %         253,200               54          %
research and development (r&d) expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our teams in engineering and research, supply chain, quality, manufacturing engineering and manufacturing test organizations, prototyping expense, contract and professional services and amortized equipment expense.
r&d expenses increased $116.5 million, or 16%, to $834.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase of $116.5 million was primarily due to a $78.2 million increase in employee and labor related expenses due to a 15% headcount increase as we expanded our vehicle business in the u.s. and internationally, and a $65.0 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to an increase in headcount and number of employee stock awards granted for new hire and refresher employee stock grants. this is partially offset by a $25.9 million decrease in expensed materials related to our model x development, which was primarily incurred in 2015. the overall increase also includes $11.0 million related to solarcity.
r&d expenses increased $253.2 million, or 54%, to $717.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in r&d expenses consisted primarily of a $93.9 million increase in expensed materials primarily to support our model x development and model s improvements, a $75.9 million increase in employee compensation expenses, a $30.6 million increase in facilities and depreciation costs,  a $20.1 million increase in costs related to model x, autopilot and dual motor powertrain engineering, design and testing activities and a $22.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to increased headcount and increasing values of awards granted.
selling, general and administrative expenses year ended december 31,                                   change 2016 vs. 2015                        change 2015 vs. 2014
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses consist primarily of personnel and facilities costs related to our stores, marketing, sales, executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, as well as litigation settlements and fees for professional and contract services.
sg&a expenses increased $510.0 million, or 55%, to $1.43 billion during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in sg&a expenses was primarily due to a $247.2 million increase in employee and labor related expenses due to a 61.3% increase in headcount as we expanded our business in the u.s. and internationally, a $91.0 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, and a $58.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to increased number of employee stock awards granted for new hire and existing employees.  the increase includes $74.3 million related to solarcity.
sg&a expenses increased $318.6 million, or 53%, to $922.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.  the increase in our sg&a expenses consisted primarily of a $138.4 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales, service and marketing headcount to support sales activities worldwide and higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business, $126.1 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, a $41.8 million increase in professional and outside services costs, and a $12.2 million increase in stock based compensation.
interest expense year ended december 31,                                  change 2016 vs. 2015                        change 2015 vs. 2014
interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased $80.0 million, or 67%, from the year ended december 31, 2015.  the increase as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of a $33.1 million increase in interest expense on vehicles sales that we account for as collateralized borrowing, a $28.5 million increase in interest expense on build-to-suit leases and a $22.0 million increase in interest expense associated with solarcity's indebtedness, financing obligations and capital lease obligations.
interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $118.9 million, as compared to $100.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2014.  the increase as compared to the same periods in 2014 was due to the issuance of $920.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2019 notes and $1.38 billion aggregate principal amount of 2021 notes during the first half of 2014.
other income (expense), net year ended december 31,                             change 2016 vs. 2015                          change 2015 vs. 2014
other income (expense), net, consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities.  we expect our foreign exchange gains and losses will vary depending upon movements in the underlying exchange rates.  additionally, other income (expense), net, includes a gain from the acquisition of solarcity for the year ended december 31, 2016.
other income, net, was $111.3 million in the year ended december 31, 2016, as compared to other expense, net, of $41.7 million during the same period in 2015, representing increases of $152.9 million. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recognized a gain from the acquisition of solarcity of $88.7 million and a loss on conversion of our 2018 notes of $7.2 million. the remainder of the change in other income (expense), net, was primarily result of fluctuations in gains (losses) from foreign currency exchange.
other expense was $41.7 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, as compared to an income of $1.8 million during the same period in 2014.  fluctuations in other income (expense) from 2014 to 2015 are primarily the result of gains (losses) from foreign currency exchange of ($45.6) million and $2.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. foreign currency losses during 2015 related primarily to changes in the exchange rates of euro, norwegian krone, canadian dollars, and chinese yuan.
provision for income taxes year ended december 31,                                change 2016 vs. 2015                       change 2015 vs. 2014
provision for income taxes                           $26,698                $13,039                 $9,404             13,659               105         %         3,635               39          %
as a percentage of loss before income taxes             -3.6   %               -1.5   %               -3.3   %
our provision for income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $26.7 million, $13.0 million, and $9.4 million. the increases in the provision for income taxes were due primarily to the increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions.
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests the net loss allocation to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $98.1 million and was related to solarcity's financing arrangements.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity as of december 31, 2016, we had $3.39 billion in principal sources of liquidity available from our cash and cash equivalents, which included $2.2 billion of money market funds.  this balance included $969.0 million drawn under our asset based line of credit and $390.0 million drawn under our warehouse agreement which we entered into in august 2016 to support the tesla finance direct leasing program. in addition, the balance included $213.5 million of cash assumed as part of the solarcity acquisition. amounts held in foreign currencies had a u.s. dollar equivalent of $827.1 million as of december 31 2016, and consisted primarily of euro, chinese yuan and canadian dollars.
sources of cash are predominately from our deliveries of vehicles, proceeds from retail financing activities, and sales of energy generation and storage products. in addition, through our acquisition of solarcity, we expect to generate additional liquidity through the sale of solar energy systems to customers and financing funds created to monetize the cash flows, tax attributes and other incentives generated by solar energy systems deployed under operating leases or power purchase agreements. we expect that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months based on our current plans. we may raise funds in the future, including through potential equity or debt offerings, subject to market conditions and recognizing that we cannot be certain that additional funds would be available to us on favorable terms or at all. the amount and timing of funds that we may raise is undetermined and will vary based on a number of factors, including our liquidity needs as well as access to current and future sources of liquidity.
these current sources of liquidity and cash flows enable us to fund our ongoing operations and research and development projects, the initial investments in tooling and manufacturing capital for our planned model 3; the continued construction of gigafactory 1; and the expansion of our retail stores, service centers and supercharger network. we are planning to produce 500,000 total vehicles in 2018, which is approximately double our prior growth plan. we continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs. we expect to invest between $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion in capital expenditures ahead of the start of model 3 production in 2017.
as part of the solarcity acquisition, we have an agreement to spend or incur approximately $5.0 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the state of new york during the 10-year period following full production at gigafactory 2. we anticipate meeting these obligations through our operations at gigafactory 2 and other operations within the state of new york over the 10-year term of the agreement, and we do not believe that we face a significant risk of default.
capital resources as of december 31, 2016, we have the following credit facilities available:
   senior secured asset-based revolving credit agreement (the "credit agreement") up to the lesser of $1.20 billion, or the value of the secured assets as determined monthly pursuant to the credit agreement, reduced by the amount of letters of credit outstanding issued under the credit agreement, as of december 31, 2016, the outstanding amount under the credit agreement is $969.0 million.
   loan and security agreement ("warehouse agreement") up to the lesser of $600.0 million or the amount based on the securitization value of certain vehicle leases originated by tesla. as of december 31, 2016, the securitization value of such leases was sufficient to support an outstanding amount under the warehouse agreement of $390.0 million.
in addition, as a result of the acquisition of solarcity, additional credit facilities are included in our consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2016. solarcity has financing fund commitments from several fund investors that can be drawn in the future upon the achievement of specific funding criteria. as of december 31, 2016, solarcity had entered into 63 financing funds that had a total of $481.4 million of undrawn committed capital.
for additional details regarding our and solarcity's recourse and non-recourse  indebtedness, refer to note 13,  convertible and long-term debt obligations, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
net cash used in operating activities           $(123,829           )         $(524,499           )         $(57,337           )
net cash used in investing activities                  (1,416,430   )                (1,673,551   )                 (990,444   )
net cash provided by financing activities               3,743,976                     1,523,523                    2,143,130
cash flows from operating activities our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as manufacturing, research and development and selling, general and administrative. our operating cash flows are also affected by our working capital needs to support growth and fluctuations in inventory, personnel related expenditures, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities.
our operating cash inflows include cash from sales and leases of our vehicles, customer deposits for vehicles, including model 3, sales of regulatory credits, sales of powertrain components and systems, and energy generation and storage products. these cash inflows are offset by payments we make to our suppliers for production materials and parts used in our manufacturing process, employee compensation, operating leases and interest expense on our financings.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, cash used in operating activities was $123.8 million and was primarily a result of net loss incurred of $773.0 million, an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $750.6 million as our business expands, an increase in deferred revenue of $383.0 million as the number of vehicle deliveries with resale value guarantee increased, an increase in customer deposits of 388.4 million primarily as a result of model 3 reservations and an increase in resale value guarantees of $326.9 million.  these increases were partially offset by an increase in inventories and operating lease vehicles of $2.47 billion as we expand our program for direct lease and vehicles with resale value guarantees. cash used in operating activities also included non-cash adjustments of $1.34 billion, which primarily consisted of depreciation expense of $947.1 million and stock-based compensation of $334.2 million.  in addition, during the fourth quarter of 2016, we recognized a gain of $88.7 million related to the solarcity acquisition.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, cash used in operating activities was $524.5 million and was primarily a result of net loss incurred of $888.7 million, and an increase of inventories and operating lease vehicles of $1.57 billion as we expanded our program for direct lease and vehicles with resale value guarantee.  these decreases were partially offset by an increase in resale value guarantees of $442.3 million and deferred revenue of $322.2 million as the number vehicles with resale value guarantee increased.  cash used by operating activities also included non-cash adjustments of $857.5 million.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, cash used in operating activities was $57.3 million and was primarily a result of net loss incurred of $294.0 million, and an increase of inventories and operating lease vehicles of $1.05 billion as we expanded our program for direct lease and vehicles with resale value guarantee.  these decreases were partially offset by an increase in resale value guarantee of $249.5 million and deferred revenue of $209.7 million as the number vehicles with resale value guarantee increased.  cash used by operating activities also included non-cash adjustments of $493.5 million. the decrease in operating cash flows in 2015 as compared to 2014 was due to an increase in overall inventory to support growth, and increase in operating lease vehicles, partially offset by proceeds from sales, and higher operating expenses in r&d and sg&a.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to capital expenditures to support our growth in operations, including investments in manufacturing equipment and tooling, the continued construction of our gigafactory, and our stores, service centers and supercharger network infrastructure.  cash used in investing activities was $1.42 billion, $1.67 billion and $990.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. cash flows from investing activities and variability between each year related primarily to capital expenditures, which were $1.28 billion, $1.63 billion and $969.9 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014.  in addition, we increased our restricted cash of $206.1 million as a result of the assumed restricted cash from the solarcity acquisition.  the decreases in cash flows from investing activities in 2016 was partially offset by the assumed cash of $213.5 million as a result of the solarcity acquisition.
cash flows from financing activities during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, net cash provided by financing activities was $3.74 billion, $1.52 billion and $2.14 billion. cash flows from financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2016 consisted primarily of $1.70 billion net proceeds from our may 2016 public offering of 7,915,004 shares of common stock, $995.4 million of proceeds from issuance of debt, net of repayments, and proceeds from collateralized borrowing of $769.7 million.  the net proceeds from issuance of debt during 2016 primarily consisted of the following: $834.0 million of net borrowing under the asset-based credit facility, $390.0 million borrowing under the warehouse agreement facility, partially offset by settlement of $454.7 million for certain conversion of our 2018 notes.  further, we also received $201.5 million of proceeds from investment by fund investors and paid distributions to fund investors of $21.3 million.
cash flows from financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of $738.3 million net proceeds from august 2015 public offering of 3,099,173 shares of common stock and $568.7 million received from vehicle sales to our bank leasing partners. the decrease in cash provided from financing in 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to $2.1 billion in net proceeds received in 2014 from the issuance of our 2019 and 2021 notes.
common stock offering in may 2016, we completed a public offering of common stock and sold a total of 7,915,004 shares of our common stock for total cash proceeds of approximately $1.7 billion, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs.
in august 2015, we completed a public offering of common stock and sold a total of 3,099,173 shares of our common stock for total cash proceeds of approximately $738.3 million (which includes 82,645 shares or $20.0 million sold to elon musk, our chief executive officer (ceo)), net of underwriting discounts and offering costs.
contractual obligations we are party to contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties, including certain debt financing arrangements and leases, primarily for stores, service centers, certain manufacturing and corporate offices. these also include, as part of our normal business practices, contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services and capacity reservation contracts.
the following table sets forth, as of december 31, 2016 certain significant obligations that will affect our future liquidity (in thousands):
capital lease obligations, including interest             122,573                     38,712                     33,730                     23,793                      7,333                      2,746                    16,259
(1)   the operating lease obligations amount includes $257.5 million recorded as other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets in accordance with built-to-suit accounting.
(2)   amounts do not include future cash payments for purchase obligations which were recorded in accounts payable or accrued liabilities as of december 31, 2016.
(3)   these totals represent a quantification of aggregate amounts pursuant to purchase orders issued under binding and enforceable agreements with all vendors as of december 31, 2016, as well as any other estimable and calculable purchase obligations pursuant to such agreements, including any additional amounts we may have to pay vendors if we do not meet certain minimum purchase obligations. in cases where no purchase orders were outstanding under binding and enforceable agreements as of december 31, 2016, we have included estimated amounts based on our best estimates and assumptions or discussions with the relevant vendors as of such date, and/or amounts or assumptions included in such agreements for purposes of discussion or reference. in certain cases, such estimated amounts were subject to unsatisfied market conditions and contingent events. where the timing of payments are not known or estimable, we have included the amount only in the total column. if contracts where no purchase orders were outstanding under binding and enforceable agreements were terminated on or prior to december 31, 2016, our obligations under such contracts would have been substantially lower.
(4)   during the fourth quarter of 2016, the closing price of our common stock exceeded 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2018 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; therefore, holders of 2018 notes may convert their notes during the first quarter of 2017. as such, we classified the $205.0 million principal balance of our 2018 notes as current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2016 and have included related contractual payments in the year ended december 31, 2017 category in the table above.
(5)   long-term debt reported above includes solarcity's total consolidated indebtedness of $3.58 billion as of december 31, 2016, representing outstanding recourse indebtedness of $1.62 billion and non-recourse indebtedness of $1.95 billion. long-term debt reported above also includes our remaining non-recourse indebtedness of $457.3 million. recourse debt refers to debt that is recourse to the general assets of the debt issuer. non-recourse debt refers to debt that is recourse only to specified assets of the debt issuer and/or its subsidiaries. solarcity's non-recourse credit facilities have been structured to be supported solely by the solar assets that are pledged as collateral, and, to date, have not experienced any failure to pay such non-recourse indebtedness.
the contractual obligations table above excludes uncertain tax benefits of approximately $198.3 million that are disclosed in note 16 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements because these uncertain tax positions, if recognized, would be an adjustment to the deferred tax assets.
off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented, we did not have relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.