 our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency.
24 aig | 2020 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors government officials have recommended or mandated precautions to mitigate the spread of covid-19, including prohibitions on congregating in heavily populated areas, social distancing requirements, stay-at-home orders and similar measures. as a result, we implemented work-from-home business continuity plans for non-essential staff globally. our results may be adversely impacted by these and other actions taken to contain or reduce the impact of covid-19, and the extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. moreover, the extended remote work environment puts stress on our business continuity plans and may prove them to be less effective than expected. our business operations may also be significantly disrupted if our critical workforce, key vendors, third-party providers or other counterparties we transact business with, are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, government and regulatory actions in response to covid-19 or other reasons, or if the technology on which our remote business operations rely, some of which is developed and maintained by third parties, is disrupted or impaired or becomes unavailable. certain pre-existing operational risks have been and may continue to be exacerbated, notably with respect to potential phishing or other cybersecurity-related events and our increased reliance on technology, including technology of our employees and service providers. other pre-existing operational risks, such as privacy incidents, fraud, operational resilience and risks related to the operations and resiliency of our vendors, third-party providers and other counterparties, may also be exacerbated. further, significant disruption to our businesses could adversely affect the timing or terms of, or our ability to execute, key business strategies, transactions and initiatives, such as the separation of the life and retirement business and aig 200, resulting in higher costs or reduced savings or lower profit than was expected.
our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency. outside of our aig 200 transformational program and announced plan to separate the life and retirement business, we continue to undertake certain restructuring initiatives in the ordinary course of business. we may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense reductions and operational and organizational efficiency improvements we expect to result from our regional and operational restructuring initiatives. actual costs to implement these initiatives may exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully implement and execute these initiatives as planned. the implementation of these initiatives may harm our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. our businesses and results of operations may be negatively impacted if we are unable to realize these anticipated expense reductions and efficiency improvements or if implementing these initiatives harms our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. the successful implementation of these initiatives may continue to require us to effect workforce reductions, business rationalizations, systems enhancements, business process outsourcing, business and asset dispositions and acquisitions and other actions, which depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
competition for employees in our industry is intense, and managing key employee succession is critical to our success. we may not be able to attract and retain the key employees and highly skilled people we need to support our business. our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key employees and highly skilled people. due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with demonstrated ability, we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. for example, there is heightened competition for actuarial talent in the u.s. in addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic actions and organizational and operational changes, including the proposed separation of the life and retirement business from aig. losing any of our key people also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees.
item 7 | management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k and other publicly available documents may include, and officers and representatives of aig may from time to time make and discuss, projections, goals, assumptions and statements that may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these projections, goals, assumptions and statements are not historical facts but instead represent only a belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside aig's control. these projections, goals, assumptions and statements include statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as "will," "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "focused on achieving," "view," "target," "goal" or "estimate." these projections, goals, assumptions and statements may relate to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, anticipated organizational, business or regulatory changes, the effect of catastrophes, such as the covid-19 crisis, and macroeconomic events, anticipated dispositions, monetization and/or acquisitions of businesses or assets, or successful integration of acquired businesses, management succession and retention plans, exposure to risk, trends in operations and financial results.
general operating and other expenses decreased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to lower employee related expenses as well as a reduction in travel expenses as a result of the covid-19 crisis. general operating and other expenses declined in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to lower employee related expenses and professional fee reductions pertaining to expense reduction initiatives. the declines were partially offset by an increase in expenses caused by the acquisitions of validus and glatfelter in the third and fourth quarters of 2018, respectively. general operating and other expenses for 2020, 2019 and 2018 included approximately $435 million, $218 million and $395 million, respectively, of pre-tax restructuring and other costs which were primarily comprised of employee severance charges and other costs related to organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business rationalization.